JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From January the 16th, 1732,

In the Sixth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Second,

TO

December the 8th, 1737,

In the Eleventh Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Second.

Re-printed by Order of the House of Commons.

1803.

---

0

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 22.

By the KING,

A PROCLAMATION.

GEORGE R.

WHEREAS our Parliament (lands prorogued to Tuesday the Fifth Day of December next: We, with the Advice of our Privy Council, do hereby publish and declare, That the said Parliament shall be further prorogued on the said Fifth Day of December to Tuesday the Sixteenth Day of January next ensuing; and we have given Order to our Chancellor of Great Britain, to prepare a Commission for proroguing the same accordingly: And we do hereby further declare our Royal Will and Pleasure, That the said Parliament shall, on

the said Sixteenth Day of January next, be held, and fit, for the Dispatch of divers weighty and important AfTairs: And the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, of the House of Commons, are hereby required to give their Attendance accordingly, at Westminsterl on the said Sixteenth Day of January next.

Given at our Court at St. James's, the Thirtieth Day of November 1732, in the Sixth Year of our Reign.

GOD fave the KING.

3

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Sess. 1732 — 1733.

Mortis, 16* *Januarii;

Anno 6* Georgii II4' Regis, 1732.

Mefigeto A MESSAGE from his Majesty, by Sir Charles att-ad hi* /\ Dalton, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

*' Mr Speaker>

The King commands this honourable House to attend

his Majesty immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Member Several Members, returned upon new Writs, took tske Oaths, Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, pursuant to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Cknckfliae A Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawries. Outlawries, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The King's Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended reported. Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Parliament; of which Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy 1 which he read to the House, and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is a great Satisfaction to me, that the prefect Situation of Affairs both at home and abroad makes it unnecessary for me to lay before you any other Reasons for my calling you together at this time, but the ordinary Dispatch of the publick Business; and that I may have an Opportunity of receiving your Advice upon such Affairs as may occur to you, and shall require the Care and Consideration of Parliament.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I will order the proper Officers to lay before you the Eliimates for the Service of the current Year; and I make no doubt but that you will, with the same Chear-fulness as I have always experienced in you, effectually raise such Supplies as you shall judge necessary for the Honour, Safety, and Defence, of the Kingdom: And I cannot but recommend it to you, as a Consideration worthy the Commons of Great Britain, that, in all your Deliberations, as well upon railing the annual Supplies, as the Distribution of the public Revenues, you pursue such Measures as will most conduce to the present and future Ease of those you represent.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

You muii be sensible, that it is very desirable to give all possible Dispatch to the public Business; and that nothing can give more Weight and Credit to all your Resolutious, than to avoid unreasonable Heats and Animosities; and not to suffer yourselves to be diverted, Vol. 22*

by any specious Pretences, from ftedfaflly pursuing the true Interest of your Country: Let that be your first and principal Care, and the People will be sensible of the Benefits they shall receive from your Wisdom and Resolution, in preferring their Eafej and the public Good, to all other Considerations*

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House for his most gracious Speech from the Throne; to express the Satisfaction of this House at the present Situation of Adairs both at home and abroad; and to assure his Majesty, That this House will, with all possible Duty to his Majesty, and just Regard and Concern for those we represent, chearfully and effectually raise such Supplies as shall be necessary for the Honour, Safety, and Defence, of his Majesty, and his Kingdoms; and that, in all our deliberations upon raffing the annual Supplies, and the Distribution of the public Revenues, we will pursue such Measures as will most conduce to the present and futureeafeofour Fellow Subjects; and that, in order to £ivethe necessary Dispatch to the publick Business, and that our Proceedings may carry with them that weight and credit in the Nation which ought always to attend the Resolutions of the Commons of Great Britain, we will endeavour to avoid all unreasonable Heats and Animosities; and not suffer ourselves to be diverted, by any specious Pretences whatsoever, from ftedfaflly pursuing the true Interest of our Country, which shall, upon all Occasions, be our first and principal Care;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Quef-tion, by inferring, after the Words " our Fellow Subjects," these Words, "and such as shall be consistent " with the Honour and Justice of Parliament, and the " Trade, Interest, and Liberties, of the Nation

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative:

Then the Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House, for his most gracious Speech from the Throne f to express the Satisfaction of this House at the present Situation of Affairs both at home and abroad; and to assure his Majesty, That this House will, with all possible Duty to his Majesty, and just Regard and Concern for those we represent, chearfully and effectually raise such Supplies as shall be necessary for the Honour, Safety, and Defence, of his Majesty, and his Kingdoms; and that, in all our Deliberations upon raising the annual Supplies, and the Distribution of the public Revenues, we will pursue such Measures as will most conduce to the present and futureeafeof ourFellow Subjects, and such as shall be consistent with the Honour ana Justice of Parliament, and the Trade, Interest, and Liberties, of the Nation; and that, in order to give the necessary Dispatch to the publick Business, and that our Proceedings may carry

with

Addrefe on the King's Speech.

11 I

4 t(>" — 17°

with them that Weight and Credit irt the Nation which ought always to attend the Resolutions of the Commons of Great Britain, we will endeavour to avoid all unreasonable Heats and Animosities; and not suffer ourselves to be diverted, by any specious Pretences whatsoever, from stedfastly pursuing the true Interest of i our Country, which shall, upon all Occ^ions, be.ouil first and principal Care.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to his Majesty, jipon the said Resolution:

And it is referred to Mr. Bromley, Mr. Knight, Mr* Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Edgcumbe, Sir CharksTur-ner, Mr. Walpole, Sir Charles Wager, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Cockbnrne, Lord Hervey, Mr. Clutter buck' Sir Arthur Forbes, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Clayton, Mr,- Vane, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Cary, Mr. Earl, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Doddington, Mr. Wynd-Zuz/fl, Lord Glenorchy, Sir Barnard, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Plummer, Sir Thomas Aston, Mr. Glanville, Lord Gage, Sir James Campbell*, or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That ;his Majesty’s most gracious: Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Retford , Ordered, That'Mr. Speaker ,dotflue his Warrant: to

Writ* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new iWrit for the

eleSing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough o^East Retford, in the County oiNottingham, in the room oiTharws White, Esquire, deceased.

St. Albans Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue; his Warrant, to WriU the Clerk of the Crown, to makeout a new Writ for the electjqg a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the,*Borough, of St. Albans, in the County of Hertford\ in the roam of Thomas \ Gape Esquire, deceased.

Rye Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do* issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Rye, in the County of Sussex, in the room of John Norris Esquire; who, sincehis Election for the said Town and Port, hath accepted the Office and Place of Usher of his Majesty’s Custom-house in the Port of London.

Thetford Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ;for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Thetford, in the County of Norfolk, in the room of Robert Jacomb Esquire?, deceased.

Brarkley Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out p new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Brackfey, in the County of Northampton, in the room of the honourable William Egerton Esquire, deceased.

Chester Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Chester, in the room of Sir Richard Grosvenor Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Writ7 the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve itt this present Parliament for the Borough of Portpigham, alias Westlow, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of E(hoard Trelawny Esquire; who, fmce his Election for the said Borough,

hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs.

St Germain's Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to ‘make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Germain's, in the County of Corn-in the room of Sidney Godolphin Esquire, deceased.

Januariu A. 1732.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

~Meraur/V, 170 die Januarii,;

Anno 6* Georgii IIdi Regis 1732.

Prayers.

Grand Committees,

ORDERED, That the Grand Committee for Religion do sit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justicedo fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do . Jit every. Etiday-in- the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Priv ileges and Elec- Committee tionsbe appointed, Mr. Earle, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. of Privil^vs. Rawlinson Earle, Mr. Bevan, die Lord Matpas, Mr.

Kelfal, Mr. Sandys, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Walpole, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Owen, Sir Arthur Forbes, Mr. Win-ford, Mr. Oygley?Mr. Compton, Mr. Croffc, Mr. Burton,

Mr. \Lcwis, iMr. Pleydell, Mr. Tremayne, Mr. Brook/-bank, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Winningtou,

Nlr. Limley, Mr. Bromley, Sir Thomas Afion, Sir Charles Turner, Mr, Serjeant Chappie, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Harvey, Mr. Butler, Mr. Parsons, Sir Francis Chill,

Sir Orlando Bridgman, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Smelt, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Alderman Perry, Sir James Campbell, M r. Edgcumbe, S i r Robert Monroe, the Lord Perci-vall, the Lord Micklethwaile, Mr. Lehettp, Mr. Heath-cote, the Lord Morpeth, Mr. Jluxley, Mr. Rutherford,

Sir John St; Aubin, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Sc awe n, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Daniel Campbell, Mr. Hhuman, Mr.

Campbell of Pembrokcshire, Mr. Cockburn, Sir Arpher Croft, Colonel Selwyn; Mr. Ho fie, Mr. Coplestone, Mr.

Hamilton, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Finch,

Mr. Thompson, Mr. Digby, Mr. Dockminique, Mr: Gib-fan, Mr. Clutlerbuck: And they are to meet upon Mon- , day Fortnight, at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker^ Chamber; and to fit every Wednesday,

Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon; and all, that come, are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters, as shall or may come in qudlion, touching Returns, Elc6tions, and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns in the first place; and to Report their Proceedings, with their Opinions thereupon, to the House, from time to time: And . all Persons, that will question any Returns, are to do it within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in:

And the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information; And all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their F.le6tion by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in question, touching the Return,

Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw, during the time the Matter is in Debate:

And that all Members, returned upon double Returns, do withdraw, till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any uiual Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member, Orders, to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That where the House shall judge atiy Petition, touching Elections, to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath procured himself to be elected, or returned, a Mem* ber of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery,

or

6 GeoJ- II. r 7° Jwiuarii.

or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly, or indirectly, hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdeameanour, and this House will proceed with the utmost Sever t v against such Offender.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath given false Evidence in any same before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House wilt proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is an high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members, to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do from time to time take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning, at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do take care to clear the Speakers Chamber every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take care, that from Ten of the Clock in the Morning to Four in the Afternoon, during this Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets, between Temple-bar and Westminster-hall, shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstruction be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in waiting do take care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster-hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do fee the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footmen be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody, but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting or losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Postmaster General, do, for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays Vql. 22.

exempted’, constantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon; and for Two Hours, at the Teaft, immediately after the Riling of the House; and also on every Friday, Monday, and Wed-liefday, from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take Care, during his stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others, bringing Notes under the hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Postmaster General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Pacquet, di retied to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame; and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, when the House is going to Prayers, give notice thereof to all Committees: And that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof: And that no other Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petition for private Bills after the Second Day of March next.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That Mr. Baron Comyns and Mr. Barorr Thomson were with him the Sixteenth of November la ft; and, pursuant to an A6i of Parliament passed in the last Session, delivered to him printed Duplicates of the Inventories or Particulars of the Estates of Sir Robert Sutton Knight of the Bath, Sir Archibald Grant Baronet, Denis Bond, Win. Bur-7Wg7?jy Esquires, Richard Woolley, and Thomas Warren: And Mr* Speaker delivered the said Duplicates to the Clerk of the House.

Ordered, That the said Duplicates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Duplicates are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Henry Bromley reported from the Committee appointed Yesterday, to draw up an Address, to be presented to his Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, humbly beg Leave to return your Majesty our most sincere and hearty Thanks for your most gracious Speech from the Throne.

The Situation of Affairs both at home and abroad gives your faithful Commons the highest Satisfaction, and fills their Hearts with the deepest Sense ot Gratitude to your Majesty; being fully sensible, that the present Happiness we enjoy is the intire Effect of your Majesty’s Wisdom and Resolution.

Such Supplies as shall be necessary for the Honour, Safety, and Defence, of your Majesty, and your Kingdom, shall chearfully and effectually be raised, by your faithful Commons, with all possible Duty to your Majesty, and a just Regard and Concern for those we represent.

C We

Ufuaf

Orders.

Private

Bills.

Inventories of Sutton’s, See. Estates.

Address on the King’s Speech.

Dec

Navigation.

6 170 — 18° Januarit. ^.1732-

We also beg Leave to attire your Majesty, That, in all our Deliberations, as well in raising the Supplies, as in the Distribution of the public Revenues, we will pursue such Measures as will moll conduce to the present and future Ease of our Fellow Subjects $ and such as, agreeably to your Majesty’s known Goodness, and gracious Intentions towards your People, and the constant Endeavours of your faithful Commons, shall be confident with the Honour and Justice of Parliament, and with the Trade, Interest, and Liberties, of the Nation.

That our Proceedings may carry with them the Weight and Credit which ought always to attend the Resolutions of the Commons of Great Britain, and that the necessary Dispatch may be given to the publick Business, we will use our utmost Endeavours to avoid all unreasonable Heats and Animosities; nor suffer our-selves to be diverted, by any specious Pretences whatsoever, from stedfastly pursuing the true Interest of our Country, which, in pursuance of your Majesty’s most gracious Recommendation from your great Example, and our own indispensable Duty, shall, upon all Occasions, be our first and principal Care.

The said Address, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the 1-Joufe.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know his Majesty’s pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, Mariners, and other Inhabitants, of the City of Chester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other the Inhabitants of the said City; and also,

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace for the County of Chester, in the Court of Quarter Sessions for the said County assembled, and of the Grand Jury there, and of the other Gentlemen, Freeholders, Traders, and Inhabitants of the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, the Inhabitants of the said County;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; al-ledgingjThat the Navigation of the River Dee, from the Sea to the City of Chester, will be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the City and County, and Parts adjacent: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to recover and preserve the Navigation of the said River, in such manner as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Malpas, Colonel Cholmondeley, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Croft, Sir Thomas Aston, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Kelfall, Mr. Annejley, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Walpole, Mr, Edward Walpole, Mr. Le-heup, Mr. BrookJbanky Mr. CornzcaUisy Mr. Huxley, Mr. Winnington, Sir Wilfred Laivfon, Mr. Luinley, Colonel Mor daunt y Mr Griffith, Mr. Earle, Mr. Plumtree, Mr. St. Quinton, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Clayton, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Finch, Mr. Bowles, Mr. FurnqJJe, Mr. Burton, Colonel Sinclair, Sir James Campbell, Lord Tyrconnel, Mr. Edgcumbe, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Alderman Perry, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Clut ter buck. Lord Hei'vey, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Parsons, Sir Or I. Bridgman, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Edzvards, Mr. Thomson, Mr. Digby; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Chester, Lane after, Salop, and North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, take into Consideration his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 18° die Januarii;

Anno 6* Georgii II41 Regis, 1732. Prayers.

AP ETITIO N of the Mayor, Citizens, and Inhabitants, of the City of Chester, and of the Gentlemen and Freeholders in and near the same City, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That many Benefits will accrue to the Publick, and, in particular to the said City, and Parts adjacent, by restoring the Navigation of the River Dee: And therefore praying, That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, Mariners, and other Inhabitants, of the City of Chester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other the Inhabitants of the said City; and also the Petition of the Justices of the Peace for the County of Chester, in the Court of Quarter Sessions for the said County assembled, and of the Grand Jury there; and of the other Gentlemen, Freeholders, Traders, and Inhabitants, of the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other the Inhabitants of the said County; are referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a ne w W rit for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ipjzvich, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of Francis Negus, Esquire, deceased.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made. That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That his Majesty, having been waited upon, pursuant to the Order of yesterday, humbly to know when he would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, at his Palace of St. James.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the ele&inga Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Northampton, in the County of Northampton, in the room of the Honourable Edward Montagu Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Town, hath accepted the Office of Governor of the Town of Kingston upon Hull.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

King's Speech to be considered.

Dee

Navigation.

Ipswich

Writ.

King’s

Speech

considered,

Supply.

The King appoints to be attended'

Northampton Writ.

6 Geo. II. 220 —

Lurue, 2 2° die;

Anno 6* Georgii II41 Regis, 1732.

Prayers.

jfmfwer to li ft R. Speaker reported, That the House attended his

Addrek. 1VJL Majesty, on ThurJ’day last, with their Address: To which his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer; viz.

Gentlemen,

I return you my Thanks for these dutiful Assurances of your Zeal and Affection for me; and I make no Doubt, but that your Resolutions to pursue such Measures as will most conduce to the Ease, and true Interest, of all my Subjects, will as effectually recommend you to the good Opinion and Esteem of my People, as they are acceptable to me.

Supply. The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, made on Thursday last, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Bath Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for theeleAing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset, in the room of George Wade Esqtiire; who, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of Governor of the Town of Bern ick upon Tzcced.

And then th^ House ad journed till Tomorrow Morning, N ine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 30 die "Januarii;

Anno 6° Georgii II41 Regis, 1732. Prayeus.

Dr. Mawfon ORDERED, That the Reverend DoClor Maiofon,

30th* an 0U Matter of Bennet College, in the University of Cambridge, be desired to preach before this House, at St. Margaret's, Westminster, upon Tuesday the Thirtieth Day of this instant January: And that Mr. Bromley of Cambridgeshire, Mr. More, and Mr. Thomas Townshend, do acquaint him therewith.

Forfar Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Forfar, in the room of James Scot, of Logie, Esquire, deceased.

Call of the Ordered, That this House be called over upon Wed-

Honk. nesday the Thirty-first Day of this instant January.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend befent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

House Duty Ordered!, That the proper Officers do lay before this

and Land House an Account of what Arrears of Duties upon Tax Arrears. j|oufes were standing out at Christmas last; with the Names of the respective Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguishing each Year; and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House an Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were standing out at Christmas last; with the Names of the respective Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears Vol. 22.

13* Januarii. 7

remained; distinguishing each Year; and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

The House being informed, that Tone of the Com- Prohibited missioners of the Customs attended at the Door; East India

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to Goo<Js* &e-the House, pursuant toleveral Acts of Parliament,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in the Warehouses at St. Hellene, at Michaelmas 1731; with what has been brought in since that time, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1732: And also,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in the Warehouses at Leadenhall, at Michaelmas

1731; with what has been brought infiuce that time, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas

1732: And also.

An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in his Majesty’s Warehouse in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1731 j with what has been brought in since that time, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1732: And also,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in the respective Warehouses in the Out-ports, at Michaelmas 173!; with what has been brought in since that time, w hat exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1732: And also.

An Account of Naval Stores imported from Rvjfia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1731 to Michaelmas 1732: And also.

An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Ports commonly ..... the Out-ports, from Michaelmas 1731 to Michaelmas 173?.:

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from Supply, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred toconsiderof the Motion for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered itin at the Clerk'sTable:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply he granted to his Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine Cuntradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy and Navy for the Year 1733, with the Half Pay of the Of- Army Efti-ficers of the Navy and Marines, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrifous, and Land Forces, for the Year 1733, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Services, for the Year 1733, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers, who are to be in Half Pay for the Year 1733, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, Thsit an Estimate belaid before this House, of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1733.

Ordered, That a State of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it flood at Christmas last, be laid, before this House.

Orderedv

8 2 3° — 24° — 2 5 ° Januarii, A. 1732.

Ordered, That an Account belaid before this House, Leheupe, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Cunningham, Lord Gage, shewing the Monies arisen within the respective Half Sir Wm. Wentworth, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Brookjbank,

Years ending at Lady-day and Michaelmas laftpaft, as Mr. Longueville, Mr. Drummond, Sir Michael Newtoii, well of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund com- Mr. Philips, Mr. Burton, Captain Pui'vis, Mr. Harris, ihonl v called the Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Ex- Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Morton, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Rdwlin-fcefs or Surplus of the Fund cohimonly called the South son Earle, Mr Butler, Mr. Lockyer, Lord Mickle thwaite.

Sea Fund; as also, of or for the Excess or Surplus of Mr. Bacon, Mr. Earle, Mr. Ongley, Lord Noel Sumerfet, the Fund commonly called the General Fund. Mr. Harrison, Mr. Polhill, Sir John Rushout; and all

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, the Members that serve for the Counties of Surrey and shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Kent?, and for the City of London: And they are to Year 173a hath been disposed of; distinguished under meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the the several Heads. Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Per-

Refotved, That an humble Address be presented to fens. Papers and Records, his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give

Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to R0f8Writ. House the said Estimates, Lift, State, and Accounts. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his electing a Commissioner to serve in this present Parlia- Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his itnent for the Shire of Boss, in the room of the honour- Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council. able Charles Boss, Esquire, deceased.

Seamen Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this employed. House, an Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31st of December 1731 to the 31st of December 1732, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what mustered, in the said Service. Greenwich Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Hospital. House, an Account Shewing how the Money granted last Session of Parliament for Greenwich Hospital has been disposed of.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, a State of the yearly Revenue, and Expence, of Greemcich Hospital.

Ordered, That the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital do lay before this House, an Account of what Money has been received by him on Account of the said Hospital, from Christmas 1731 to Christmas 1732; and how the same has been applied.

Horfleydown A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the new Church poor> and other principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of Mainte- St.Olaves, Southwark, in the County of in behalf

nance. of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said

Parish, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Commissioners appointed by Two Acts of Parliament, madein the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for building Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, have'caused a new Church to be built in the said Parrfh, which is wow intirely finithed, and fit to!beoonfecrated, and have allotted aDistrict thereunto; but that the Petitioner*, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, are unable to -provide a Maintenance for a Minister to officiate in the said new Church, without the Assistance of this House; and the old Parish Church not being sufficient to contain the great Number of Inhabitants of the said Parish, many of the Petitioners are deprived of the Opportunity of frequenting divine Worship: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for applying such a Sum of Money out of the Fund appropriated for building and endowing the said Fifty new Churches; and for enabling the Petitioners toraiie such farther Sum of Money amongst themselves, as this House (hall‘think fit, for the Maintenance of a Minister to officiate in the said new Church; and for making the District, assigned by the said Commissioners, to the said new Church, a separate anddiftinct Parish; or that the Petitioners may have such other Assistance and Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it ’ shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Vincent, Mr. Crqffe, Lord Malpas, Sir John Williams, Mr. Henry Bromley, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Pelham, Colonel Selwyn, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Scawen, Colonel Onslow, Mr.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 240 die Januarii;

Anno 6a Georgii IIdl Regis, 1732.

Prayers.

QR D E RE D, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- Bedford rant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ, Writ for the electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Bedford, in the room of the Right honourable Patee Byng Esquire, now Lord Viscount Torrington, called up to the House of Peers.

Lord Hervey reported to the House, That their Ad- ^reerfst0 dress of yesterday. That his Majesty would be graciously re s* pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, That the several Estimates, Lift, State, and Accounts, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions to the proper Officers to lay the same before this House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Offices and indemnify Persons, who. through Ignorance of Law, Em y" have omitted to qualify themselves for Employments, mtns‘ or Offices, by taking the Oaths, and making and»ffcb-feribing the Declaration against Transubstantiation* add receiving the SiacrflriiSnt; and* allowing them ferthdr Time for that Purpose: And that;Sir Thomas Lytteltdn,

Sir John Rujkout, Mr. Rudge, Mrv Winning ton, and Mr.

Medlycott, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. {

And then the House adjourned till To-morrdW Morning, Nine of the Clock.

J*vis, 2 50 die Januarii;

Anno 6° Georgii II41 Regis, 1732.

Praters,

MR. Clutterbucke, from the Commissioners for exe- Navy cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Estimate. Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, the ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1733:

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Estimate is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Abstract thereof is as followeth; viz.

9

6 Geo. II. 250

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1733.

1. To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High

Admiral of Great Britain, fisc.Commissioners of the Navy; with the Secretaries,

Officers, Clerks, and Instruments; and Contingencies relating thereto - -

2. Superannuated Sea Officers

3. Pensions, and other Allowances

rChatham

I Deptford ..... 3,08a

\ , I Woolwich

I *ard*» \ Portsmouth

I Sliecmefs ..... 1,808

{^Plymouth - . - .2,503

and other Officers of the Out Ports

4.607 7 11 7

3,868 *5 ~ J

3»5°7 7

3,082 11 4

2»517 - 8 1

3,55a 4 6

1,808 4 6

a,503 4 6

4-

.V

6.

7-

8.!

9-J _ -

10. Muster Mailer,

11. Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary ——

ii. VictuaU to the Officers and Men serving thereon - - r

13. Charge of the Harbour Moorings ——

14. Ordinary Repairs of his Majesty's Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, Store-

houses, Sc. -

15. Ordinary Charge of sick and hurt Seamen....

16. Half Pay to Sea Officers....

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1733 -

To which may be added;

Fordefraying the Expence of maintaining, in the Royal Hospital of Greenwich, an additional Number of dibbled St amen, taken, and to be taken, into it, who are worn out, and become decrepit, in the Service of their Country, there being now Nine hundred poor Seamen maintained in the said Hospital-, and also for a sufficient Number of 1 Nurses, being the Widows of Officers, and poor Seamen; and for carrying on the Buildings; and other Incidents of the said Hospital; for the Year 1733; Ten tlioufann Pounds -

£ s. d. 28,052 14 1

8,476 2 it

16,971

2>993 *9 — 33>x39 12 — M>M3 15 — *7>364 -

59,286-----

1,068 15 — 30,000-----

aii,495 19 8

10,000 — —

£ 221,495 19 8

And then the Total of the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1733, amounts twenty-one thousand Four hundred Ninety-five Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Eight

Ja. Mighell, Ja. Acworth, Tho. Pearfe, Geo. Saunders.

to Two hundred Pence.

Seamen (uSiv George Saunders presented to the House, pur- dist what Number were borne, and what

employed. nnt l0 their Order, an Account of the Number of mustered, in the said Service:

St amen emiiioved in the Service of the Royal Navj% And the Title of the said Account was read,

from me Tl in . -tirit of December 1731, to the Thirty- The said Account is as followeth; viz.

first of Da ?tuber 1732, upon a Medium of each Month;

Navy Office, 7 A n ACC OU NT of the Number of Seamen employe ! in the Service of the Royal Navy,

24th January 1732. 3 from 31H December 1731 to3ill December 1732, upon a Medium of eachMonth; distin-

guishing what Number were borne, and what mustered, in the said Service; prepared in pursuance of an Order of the honourable I louse of Commons, dated the 23d Instant.

Number of Men.

Months.

r A

Borne. Mustered.

January *73x 7,462 6,932

February - 8,011 7,533

Marc1* - - 1732 7.974 7-547

April 8.175 7,818

May — ..... 8,59° 8,100

June — 9,908 9,324

July - - — 10,989 io,55»

August - . 7,754 7,454

September — 7,869 7>*95

October - — . 7,677 7,262

November - . 7,9°° 7,356

December - 8,015 7,583

Upon a Medium - 100,324 8,360 94,6.55 7,887

Ja. Mighell, Ja. Acworth,

Thomas Pearfe, Geo. Saunders, /. Faivler.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the their Address to his Majesty, an Estimate of the Charge Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1733

And the Title thereof was read.

OHnance Mr. Gregory presented to the House, pursuant to The said Estimate is as followeth; viz*

Estimate. VoL. 22. D A*.

10

2§- — 26® Januarii. 17 3 2

Aw. ESf INNATE tof the Charge of tire Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1733*

LAND SERVICE.

Ordinary of the Office, comprising Repairs of Storehonfes, £. s-

Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons,

Rents, Salaries*, and other incident Charges - - 38,835 7 6

Establishments at Mahon^ Gibraltar, Annapolis, Placentia, and North Britain - . - - - 9*962 3 t)

Half Pay of the Officers that have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, Spain, and on several Expeditions -=-- 4 5°9-----

EXTRAORDIN ARIES.

£. s. d. 49,306 11 3

Towards carrying on the Fortifications £. t. if*

at Gibraltar - - - - 5*000-----

Towards building of Barracks for One

Battalion there - - - 5,000-----

----- — 10,000 — —

Towards carrying on the Fortifications, 1 f Mahon - 5,000---

Repairs of Storehouses, and supply- > at < Annapolis 700 — —

ing of Stores - - . - -J (Placentia 300-----

--- ----- — . 16,000 — — -

Towards rebuilding and repairing the Fortifications at Sheerness - - 3,000-----

Towards building and repairing the Fortifications, and a new Powder

Magazine, at Portsmouth - -- -- - 5*000 — —

One hundred Tons of Saltpetre 4*500 — —

£. x. d. 77,8o6 11 3

EXCEEDIN G S* for which no Allowance hath been made by Parliament.

Ordnance and Stores, furnished for the Security and Defence of Port Antonio, in the Island of Jama ica, pursuant to the Queen’s Order in Council* dated the 2\ftjuly 1732 - - 1,374 6 1

£. 79,180 17 A

Cha. Wills > John Armstrong,

Geo. Gregory* I*. Smelt.

Prevention Ordered, That the said feftimate do lie upon the Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Plumtre, Major Selwyn, Mr. of Stock- Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Crou le, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Richard Plummer, Mr. Whit-

jobbing. worth» Mr. Hall, Captain Vernon, Sir Charles Nicoll',

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That Leave be given Mr. Crisp* Sir Henry Gough, be added to the Com-to bring in a Bill to prevent the infamous practice of mittee, to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, Stock-jobbing: And that Sir John Rvjhout, Sir John Overseers of the Poor, and other principal Inhabitants, Barnard, Sir William Wyndham, Sir IVillitim Yonge, of the Parish of St. Olave*s, Southwark, in the County Mr. Plumer, and Lord Malpas, do prepare and bring of Surrey, in behalf of themselves, and the refi of the in the fame. Inhabitants of the said Parish, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock-

Veneris, 260 die Januarii;

Anno 6* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1732. Prayers.

Horfleydown f)RDERED, That Mr. Martin, Colonel Lyddett, new Church V/ Robert Hucks, Mr. Hugh Williams, Mr. Orle-Ministert Thomas Lewis, Mr. Laroche, Mi\ Hofie, Mr.

nance.* Cholmondeley, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Tufnell, Colonel Read,

The House being informed. That Mr. Arnold, from the Secretary at War's Office, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons*, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1733.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followelh; viz.

Army

Emulate

6 Geo. II.

26° Januarii

rr

E S TIM A T E of the Charge of the Guards* Garrisons, and other his Majesty’* Land Forbes, in Great Britain,

for the Year 1733.

L

Horse

rFirft Troop of Guards Second Ditto -Third Ditto -Fourth Ditto -FirstTroop of Grenadier Guards Second Ditto -Royal Regiment of Guards Lord Cobham's Regiment Duke of Argyll'* -Lieutenant General Wade's

Dragoons - -(

Toot - -

Royal Regiment Colonel Campbell’

Major General Hony wood's Earl of Stair's Brigadier Kerrs Lieutenant General Evans's Brigadier Churchill's Lord Mark Kerr's -

First Regiment of Guards-Second Ditto -Third Ditto ... Brigadier Kirk's Regiment Lieutenant General Taltons Lord Cadogan s

Lord Tyrawley's Major General Grove's -Colonel Montagu's Lieutenant General Wetham's Colonel Middletons . -Colonel Ilarrifon's Colonel HandafycTs Lieutenant General Sabine's

Invalid. - . Brisa<*ier Fielding's Regiment -

£25 Independent Companies

Independent fSix Independent Companies in Companies - North Britain

Ci rr r\rr ( Staff Officers

Stair Officers, } Garrisong> with Fire an(1 candle

Contingencies upon Account -

Whitehall, 26th January 173

Pay of the Troop*

NUMBERS. and Regiments, for TOTAL.

365 Days.

C- s. d. d.

181 - - - 16,546 13 4

181 - - 16,546 »3 4

181 - - - 16,546 13 4

181 - - - 16,546 *3 4

176 - " - 10,743 3 4

*77 10,870 18 4

337 - - - 26,876 3 4

3*9 - - - 26,054 18 4

a»4 17,696 8 4

214 2,l6l 17,696 8 4 176,^4 13 4

309 ' - - 15,44* IO IO

3°9 - " " 15.44* IO IO

3°9 - - - 15,442 IO IO

3°9 " - »5>44* IO IO

3°9 - - - 15.44* IO IO

3°9 " - - »5.442 IO 10

3°9 ~ - 15.442 IO IO

3°9 15,44* IO 10 123154° 6 8

i»7*?> - - 46,893 7 6

1,108 - - - 3°.47i 8 4

1,108 - - - 50,526 3 4

615 - - - 12,784 2 6

615 - - - 12,784 2 6

®«5 - - - 12,784 2 6

615 - - 12,948 7 6

615 - 12,784 O 6

6i5 - 12.784 2 6

6,5 _ 12,784 2 6

615 - - - 12,784 2 6

6«5 - - - 12,784 2 6

6>5 - - - 12,784 2 6

615 10,706 12,784 2 6 248,680 11 t

5*5 - - - 9,906 14 2

1,300 1,815 22,534 7 6 3*.49i 1 8

- 555 - - 9."5 *7 6

*7>7°9 10,880

- - 19 2

- - 35.651 7 1* ,

- - 15,000 ' — 61,532 6 3 i

Total - - - £ 651,484 17

Wm Strickland.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Charitable A Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Cor-torporation. poration, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with finall Sums, upon Pledges at legal interest, assembled in a General Court, was presented to the l louse, and read; setting forth. That by the unparalleled Neg-left of all, and the notorious Frauds and Imbezzlements of some, of the Persons intruded with the Care and Management of their Affairs, the Petitioners having been defrauded of their whole Capital, whereby many of them were reduced to the greatest Distress, did, upon their Application for Relief, obtain Three several Acts in the lall Sessions of Parliament: That, by the Favour and I11-terposition of his mo (I gracious Majesty, several material Books and Papers have been since recovered, which give farther Light into those Frauds and Abuses; and that, through the Length and Intricacy of the Inquiry, there Vol. 22.

wasnot time in the last Sessions for any farther Proceedings for their Relief: And therefore praying the House to take their unhappy same into further Consideration 5 and to grant such Relief to the Petitioners, as to the House shall seem meet.

Resolved, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee.

Resolved, That the Number of the said Committee be One-and-twenty. 8

Resolved, That the said Committee be chosen by way of Ballotting.

Ordered, That the Members of the House do, upon Monday next, at twelve of the Clock, prepare Lifts to be put into GJaffesof One-and-twenty Persons Names, to be the said Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Laws explain, amend, and render more effectual, the Law's respetfing relating to the Methods by which Persons are charged Highway*.

towards

12 " i6° Januarii. A. 173 2.

towdnft rep&iving the Highways; and to make the same more equal: And that Mr. Bramjion and Mr. Wm. Bromley do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Peebles A Petition of Sir Alexander Murray, of Stanhope, was

Election. prefen'ted to the House, and read; setting forth, That, on Friday the 28th of April 1732, being the Day appointed for electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Peebles, in the room of the honourable Mr. John Dbuglas, deceased,-Sir James Nafmish, of Pojfo, and the Petitioner, appeared as Candidates, when Alexander Murray of Cringlety, the last elected Commissioner, now living, pursuant to the Act of Parliament made in that behalf, put the Question for the Choice of a Praefes, and Clerk; and, upon the Question so by him severally put, the Honourable Mr. William Carmichael was duly elected Praefes, and Alexander Shaw duly elected Clerk, by themajority of legal Voters; bat that SivAlexander Murray, of Black bar rony, Sheriff, appointed Cnee the date of the Writ, though retrained by his Commission from naming a Sheriff Cferk, and though there was another Sheriff Clerk then existing, and lawfully intitled to act, appointed William Veitch to be Sheriff Clerk, who, by Order of the said Sheriff, put the Question for the Choice of a Praefes and Clerk; and that the said Sheriff, and the said William Veitch, by his Direction, voted in the Election of Praefes, though neither of them.were inrolled in the Roll of Freeholders: That the Petitioner required the whole Meeting to qualify by taking the Oaths appointed by Law; and though he and his Friends did accordingly qualify, the said Sheriff, and his Adherents, who appeared in the Interestof Sir James Nayfmish, refuled to qualify; and that the Roll of Electors was partially made up, by inserting the . Names of Persons not intitled to vote, and deleting the Names of such as have been duly inrolled, and had voted in former Elections: That though the Petitioner protested against this Proceeding, and was duly elected by a Majority oflegal Voters, the said Sheriff has taken upon him to return the said SirjamesNaysmith as duly elected, to serve in this present Parliament for the said County o {Peebles-, inViolation of the Freedom of Elections, and the Right of the Freeholders; and alleging, that the said Sir James Naysmith is not only unduly elected, but that his Return is void, hisEleftion not having been certified by the proper Clerk, nor the Election carried on under the Conduct of the Praefes lawfully elected; but contrary to the Voices of the Majority of habile Voters: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration; and to afford the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Alexander Williamjbnc, Sheriff Clerk of 1 the County of Peebles, was presented to the House, and

read; complaining, That, on the Twenty-eighth of April One thousand Seven hundred and thirty-two, at a Meeting of the Freeholders of the said County, to elect a Knight of the Shire, Sir Alexander Murray, of Black-barrony, Sheriff Depute, though restrained, byhis Commission, from naming a Sheriff Clerk, appointed Mr. William Veitch, of Bog-end, to execute that Office; in Prejudice to the Petitioner, who then attended, and infilled on his Right: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to relieve the Petitioner, in such manner as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Eledions: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Wear

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Gentlemen,.and

Navigation, principal Inhabitants, of the City of Durham, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Navigation of the River Wear, in the County of Durham, is not yet completed; and that the Money arising by the Duties from Coals and Cinders, below New Bridge, by virtue of an Act, made in the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, u An Act for the Preservn-tion and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the Cotinfv of Durham[ will not be sufficient to complete the Navigation of the said River; and that, for defraying the Expence, amounting to Twenty thousand Pounds, or theifabouts, of making the said River navigable from Mr.-^/Anfs Stall hs, below the fa i d New Bridge, t o the City o {Durham, and removing the Obitrudions in the said River, and deepening the Channel thereof, and making the necessary Locks, Dams, Sluices, Bridges, Mawling-paths, and other Con-veniencies, upon the said River, and the Lands and Grounds adjoining thereto, it will be necessary to lay a further Duty of Tonnageupon Coal, Lead, Lime, Stone, Timber, Deals, Raff, Butter, Tallow, and all other Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, loaded or unloaded, or delivered, on board any Boat, Keel, Barge, Ship, or Vessel, passing from any Staith, or Place, upon the said River, between the said Mr. Allan's Staith, and the said City of Durham, instead of the Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence per Ton, in the said Act mentioned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to make, and continue, the said River IVear navigable, from the said Mr. A Han's Staith to the City of Durham, for Boats, Barges, Keels, or other Vessels, of the Burden of Twenty Tons, with such Powers and Privileges as shall be thought reasonable; and that, for the Purpose aforesaid, such Commissioners may be appointed, and such Duties of Tonnage may be laid upon the several Commodities, Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, herein before-mentioned, as the House shall think fit. Andalfo,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Coal-fitters, and other Inhabitants of the d own of Sunderland, near the Sea, in the County of Durham, was prefen ted to the House, and read; alleging, that the Navigation of the River Wear, which flows by the said Town, from Mr. Allans Staiihs to the City of Durham, will tend greatly to the Advancement of Trade in general, as well as of the Coal Trade in particular, and will be of great Advantage not only to the said City of Durham and Tow 11 of Sunderland, but also to the adjacent Country: And therefore praying, That the House will take the same into their Consideration; and give Leave, that a Bill may be brought in for making the said River Wear navigable from the said Mr. Allan's Staiths up to the said City of Durham; with proper Powers for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Shafto, Mr. Hilton, Mr. Burton, Lord Vere Beau clerk, Mr. Bromley, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Tufndl, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Plumtre, Lord Micklelhwaiie, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Pitt, Sir John Dutton, Mr Wyndham, Colonel Llydddl, SwThomas Lee, Sir Wilfrid Laic [on. Six Thom as Robinson, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Hose, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Harley; Mr. Papillion, Sir Henry Gough, Sir John Shelly, Mr. Clarke, Sir John Williams, Lord Noel Somerset, M r. Bacon, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Bramjion, Mr. Conduit. Major Sehvyn, Lord Gage, Sir James Grant, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Campbell, Sir Geo. same all, Sir Archer Croft, Sir Charles Turner, Sir Edmund. Bacon, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Henry Bromley, Mr. Leheup, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Bevan, Lord Vane. Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Windford, Mr. Morton, Dr. Clarke, Sir Edward Defbouverie, Mr. Lyfier, Colonel Selwyn, Mr. Gybbon, Mr Sandys, SirJames Nafmyth, Mr Wright e-, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of York, Durham, and Northumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The

6 Geo. IL 26° — p'

Supply. The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Tamer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lurne, 290 die Januarii;

Anno 6* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1732.

Prayers.

Xta \ PETITIO N of the Commissioners of the River

tiiiijum Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, whole Names are thereunto subscribedjWas presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for Pre-servation and Improvement of the said River, Port, and Haven, certain Powers were granted to Commissioners thereby appointed, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years-, and certain Duties were also imposed, payable from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1717, and for the Space of Twenty-one Years then next following: And that, by an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, divers additional Powers were granted to the said Commissioners; who, on the Credit of the said Acts, for the Purposes therein mentioned, have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money, amounting to Six thousand Pounds, or thereabouts; but that the Intent of the said Acts cannot be answered, and the Monies advanced on the Credit thereof repaid, with Interest, unless the said Powers and Duties be further continued: And that the Duties, Penalties, and Forfeitures, payable by virtue of the said Act made in the First Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, cannot be effectually levied, if the said Commissioners are not authorized to direct their Warrants for levying the fame, otherwise than to the Con-liable of the Place where the Offence shall be committed, who is the only Person particularly appointed by the said Act for the Execution of such Warrants: Aud therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Powers by the said several Acts granted, and the Duties by the said first-mentioned Act imposed; and, for the better ascertaining the fame, for such further Term, and with such Alterations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them* to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hedworlh, Mr. Carr, Mr. Hilton, Colonel Lyddell, Sir Thomas Saunderson, Mr. James Lumley, Lord Micklethwaite, Mr. Treby, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Laiofon, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Sir John Button, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Knight, Sir Wm. Milner, Mr. Cary, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Thomas Tomjhend, Sir James Campbell, Captain Purvis, Major Sdwyn, Sir James Nafmyth, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Malpas, Mr. Ongley, Sir James Grant, Yol. 22.

Januarii. 13

Mr. Lyster, Mr. Bramston, Lord Limerick, Mr. Comu.t,

Sir John Barnard, Sir Edward Stanley, Lord Morpeth,

Sir John Hind Colton, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Winford, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Walter Bagott, Mr. Cartwright, Mr.

Walcott, Mr. Child\ Mr. Campbell, Mr. Master, Sir JF/n.

Wentworth, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Montague, Mr. Leheup,

Mr. Ccefar, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Burton, Mr. Lumley,

Mr. L*ochyer, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Whitworth,

Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Plumptre; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of York, Durham, and Northumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Thomas Lyttelton presented to the House, accord- Offices and ing to Order, a Bill to indemnify Persons, who, through "Ignorance of Law, have omitted to qualify themselves 1 1 for Employments, or Offices, by taking the Oaths, and making and subscribing the Declaration againstTran-substantiation, and receiving the Sacrament; and allowing them further Time for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, that some of the Com- Charitable missioners appointed by an Act of Parliament, made in Corporation, the last Session, for taking, dating, and determining, the Claims of the Creditors and Proprietors of the charitable Corporation, attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the said Act, the Report of the Commissioners appointed for taking, dating, and determining, the Claims of the Creditors and Proprietors of the charitable Corporation.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report being printed by Order of the House, a printed Copy thereof is bound up in a Volume, containing the several printed Reports of this Session, which is preserved with the other Books be-. longing to the House; and the original Report is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from Supply, the Committee of the whole IToufe, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this. Committee,

That Eight thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service for the Year 1733, beginning from the First Day of January 1732.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That 3 Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Eight thousand Men for Thirteen Months; including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Treasurer of the Navy do lay be- Navy fore this House, an Account of what Money has been Senates, ordered by the Commissioners of his Majesty s Treasury, and received by him, for any Services of the Navy, from the 3 lft of December 1731 to the 3 lft of December 1732; distinguishing the Times when the same was received, and the Services to which it was applied.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this Salt Duties. House, an Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duties on home-made Sail, since the Revival of the Duty, to Christmas last.

E The

Charitable

Corporation.

Dun

Navigation.

H

2 90 — 31 0 Januarii. 1732.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Members to prepare Lifts, to be put into Glasses, of Twenty-one Persons Names to be the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the charitable Corporation for Relief of Industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in a General Court, is referred;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go with the Mace into Westminster-hall, and the Courts there, and into the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned;

The Clerk, and Clerk Assistant went on each Side the House with Glasses, to receive from the Members the Lists of Persons Names to be the said Committee.

And the Lifts, being received, were brought up to the Table.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the said Lifts; and report to the House, upon which Twenty-one Persons the Majority falls:

And it is referred to Mr. Ingram, Lord Vere Beauclerk, Mr. Cary, Colonel Lyddell, Sir JuJlinian Isham, Colonel Cholmondeley, Colonel Mordaunt, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Treby, Lord Malpas, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Edward Walpole, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Bathurst', Mr. Ongley, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Bevan, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Tower, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. St. John, Colonel Tozvnjhend, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Winford, Mr. Walcott, Mr. Levinz, Mr. Waller, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Earl, Captain Vernon, the Lord Limerick, Mr. Rawltnfon Earl, Mr. Wrighte: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Undertakers for making the River Dun, in the County of York, navigable from Holmjlile, in Doncaster, to the utmost Extent of Tinjley West ward; and also of the Undertakers for improving the Navigation thereof, from Holmjlile aforesaid to Wilfick-house, pursuant to Two several Acts of Parliament made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, was presented to the House, and read;setting forth. That the Master, Wardens, Searchers, and Assistants and Commonalty, of the Company of Cutlers, in Hallamshire, in the County of York, their Successfors and Assigns, were, by one of the said Acts, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, appointed Undertakers for making the said River, in the West Riding of the said County, navigable from Holmjlile, in Doncaster, up to the utmost Extent of Tinjley Westward, a Township within Two Miles of Sheffield; and that the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Doncaster aforesaid, their Successors and Assigns, were, by another of the said ASts, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, appointed Undertakers for improving the Navigation of the said River, from Holmjlile aforesaid to Wilfick-houft aforesaid, in theParifli of Barnby Dun, in the said County; and that the said Undertakers have made a great Progress in the Execution of the said Acts; and have laid out above Seventeen thousand Pounds in Locks, and other Works; but that, in order to perfect the Navigation of the said River, it will be necessary to unite the said Two Corporations into One Body Corporate, with the Powers now given to both the said Corporations; and with Authority to make certain Rules and Orders for the good Government thereof, and promoting the Navigation of the said River: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for uniting the said Two Corporations into One Body Corporate, with the Powers now given to both the said Corporations, under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as the House shall think fit; and for the better Regulation of Boatmen, and other Persons navigating the said River; for the more easy Collection of Lock Dues; and for 24

Preserving, Amending, and Improving, of the Works belonging to the said Navigation; and with such other Powers as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Saville, Mr. Wm. Thompson, Mr. Smelt, Mr. Gregory, Sir James Campbell, Sir Thomas Saunderson, Mr. Comptroller, Captain Vernon, Mr. Jessop, Lord Charles Cavendish, Lord Mickle-thzvaite. Colonel' Lyddell, Mr. Crispe, Mr. Carr, Mr. Wortley, Mr. Plumptree, Sir Charles Hotham, Sir Win. Wentworth, Mr. More, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Hall, Sir W?n. Yonge, Sir Abra. Elton, Mr. Newland, Mr. Drummond, Sir Robert AuJlin, Mr. Compton, Mr. Knight, Mr. Gybbon, Sir James Grant, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Winford, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Crefar, Lord Noel Somersett« Mr. Leheup, Mr. Williams, Mr. Hucks, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Digby, Major Selzoyn, Mr. Hen. Finch, Mr. Banks, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Wm. Finch, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. John Finch, Mr. Hilton, Mrr Brookfbank, Mr. Jennifon, Sir Wm. Middleton, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Sir Wm. Lozvther, Sir Roger Meredith, Colonel Mordaunt, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Campbell, Lord James C&vendifi, Mr. Hope, Sir Richard Lane, M\\ Bacon, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. John Gould, Mr. Nathanael Gould, Mr. Hora. Tozvnjhend, Mr. Martin, Mr. Thomas Tozver, Mr. Robert Hucks, Mr. Burton; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of York, Lincoln, Nottingham, and Derby, and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 310 die Januarii;

Anno 6* Georgii lIdJ Regis, 1732.

Prayers.

f\RDERE Z>, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Bodmyn to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ. Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bodmyn, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Robert Booth Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Dr. Mawfon the Reverend Doctor Mawfon, for the Sermon by him thanked, preached before this House, Yesterday, at St. Mar- s

garet's, W'estminster; and that he be desired to print the fame: And that Mr. More and Mr. Thomas Townshend do acquaint him therewith.

Mr. Ingram reported from the Committee who were appointed to examine the Lists of Twenty-one Persons Names, to be the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the charitable Corporation for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in a General Court, is referred; and to report to the House, upon which Twenty-one Persons the Majority falls; that they had examined the same accordingly; and that the Majority had fallen upon the Persons following; viz. Thomas Palmer Esquire - Mr. Alderman Perry William Bromley Esquire -Edward Harley Esquire -Walter Plumer Esquire Samuel Sandys Esquire Watkyn Williams Wynne Esquire The Honourable Sir Thomas Saunderjbn Knight of the Bath - ----- 210

Sir

Charitable

Corporation.

212 211 211 211 211 2 11 210

t

6 Geo. II. 31° Januarii. — 10 Februarii. } j

Sir John Rushout Baronet - - - 210

"Lori Morpeth - - - 2 to

Sir John Barnard Knight ... 209

Lord Vi (count Limerick - 209

The honourable Edward Digby Esquire - 209

Thomas Bramflon Esquire ... 208

Thomas Wyndham Esquire - - - 207

Sir Thomas Robinson Baronet ... 203

Joseph Danvers Esquire - 203

Henry Bromley Esquire - 202

John Campbell of Pembrokeshire, Esquire - 201

John Conduit Esquire - - - - 196

Thomas Winnington Esquire - - 195

Ordered, That the said Committee, or any Five of them, do meet at Five of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to adjourn from time to time, and from Place to Place, as they shall find it convenient, and to report their Proceedings, from time to time, to the House; and to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Expiring Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect

Ea* what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Tozver, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Whitworth, Sir John Cope, Mr. Fane, Mr. Holland, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Conduit, Mr. \Vynd~ ham, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. More, Mr. Leheup, Major SeL win, I^ord Percwal, Doctor Lee, Sir Arthur Forbes, Mr. Compton, Mr. Tvfnell, Lord Vere Beauclerk, Mr. Winford, Mr. Richard Plummer, Mr. Harley, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Plummer, Sir R chard Lit is, Mr. Ingram, Mr.&uufyqSir Charles Verna, Mr. Dig by, Mr. Crispe, Mr. Guidotl, Mr. Earle, Mr. Hucks, Sir Urn. Tange, Sir Thomas Robinson, Sir Thomas Saundcrfon, Mr. Chamberlaync, Sir Thomas AJton, Mr. Phillips, Sir John Barnard, Sir Richard Lane, I^ord Glevorchy, Lord Noel Somerjelt, Mr. Allington, Sir George Saville, Colonel Ovjlcnv; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Disabling Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Persons hav- making more effectual the Law's in being for disabling frfnTbefn011* ^er^ons ^rom being chosen Members of, or fitting or Member*, v°ting in, the House of Commons, who have any Pen-fion during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, or any Offices held in Trull for them: And that Mr. Sandys, and Sir Edioard Stanley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being read;

Call of the Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till

House. Tuesday Sevennight, the Thirteenth of February next.

Ordered, That the ordinary Estimate ofhrs Majesty’s Navy for the Year 1733, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1733, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took th£ Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

SirCAnrfcr Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Refohitions $ winch they had directed him to report* when the House will jileafif to receive the same.

Ordered, That, the Report be received To*mostow

Morning. .....:'

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the Hoirfet (That he w as directed by the Committee to move, Jhdt they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to hijj. Majesty.

Mr. Sandys presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making more effectual the Laws in being for disabling Persons from being chosen Members of, or fitting or voting in, the House of Commons, wfto have any Pension during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, or any Offices held in Trull for thetri: And the same was received; and read the First time. 1

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second tirti£

And then the House adjourned till Jo-morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovts, i# die Februarii;

Auno 6# Georgii II" Regis, 173a.

PLAYERS.

SI R Charles Wager, frointbe Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on the 31st December 1732. And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The laid Estimate is as follows; viz.

Supply The other Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider /urther of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

1

Vot.22.

Navj

Disabling Persons having Pensions from being Members.

Nary

Debt.

1° Februarii.

A. 1732.

16

Navy Office, 1

10th January, 1732.3 An ESTIMATE of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter

mentioned $ as it Hood on the 31st of December, 1732.

HEADS of the Naval ESTIMATES.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary and Extraordinary Repairs.

Due, to pay off and discharge all the Bills, registered on the Course of') the Navy, for Stores, supplied for the Service thereof 3

To pay off and discharge the Bills, registered on the said Course, for Premiums allowed by Act of Parliament on Naval Stores 3

For Freight of Tenders, and for Stores delivered into his Majesty’s 7 several Yards, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st > December 1732, as also to several Bills of Exchange j

To his Majesty’s Yards and Rope-yards, for the Ordinary and Extra- 7 ordinary thereof ----- 3

For Half-pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment, made by *> his late Majesty in Council, on that behalf - - - 3

Seamen’s Wages.

Due, to pay the Men unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off -To Ships in Sea-pay on the abovesaid 3 lft of December 1732 To discharge and pay off all the Bills, entered in Course, for Pilotage, SurO geons Necessaries, Bounties to Widows and Orphans of Men flain at Seay

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due, for short Allowance to the Companies of his Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off - - - 3

For paying off all the Bills entered in their Course - For necessary, extra-necessary Money, Contingencies, and Bills of Ex- )

change ..... -3

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports

Sick and Hurt, the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate, received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due, for the Quarters, and Cure, of sick and hurt Seamen, sent alhore 7 from his Majesty’s Fleet, and Contingencies relating to the said Service 3

Particulars.

£ s. d. 732,983-----

38.465 -

23,885-----)

174,260-----

19.465 5 6

9,060 9 2

144,865-----

4,151-----

15,665 13 — 505,985 14 6 370 — 1 I

8,783 2 4J

4,356 l 8

The Total amounts to the feme Sum of One Million Six hundred Eighty-two 7 thousand Two hundred Ninety-five Pounds Six Shillings and Three Pence - j From whence deducing the Money in the Treasurer’s Hands, as on the other Side -

The net Debt will be One Million Six hundred Twenty-four thousand One 7 hundred and One Pounds Seven Shillings and Six Pence Halfpeny - J

TOTAL.

989,058 5 6

158,076 9 a

' 53°>8°4 9 11

4.356

1,682; 295 6

58.193 18

3

8f

1,624,101 7

6f

Ja. Mighell, Ja. Actoorth, Tho. Pearfe, Saunders,

Memorandum:

6 Ge*l II

i0 Februariu

Memorandum:

THEREwaa remaining in the late and present Treasurers of the Navy’s Hands, on the $\{lDecmber 1732, in Mopey, as under-mentioned; and may be reckoned towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy:

J ,u v In t: On the HEADS of.

6 * ywhat Treasurer'* Hands. > r Wear and Tear, and Ordinary; Seamen’* Wage*. Vi&uala. total.

% ' ' £ * d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £ t.

Trustees for Mr. Hampden's Filate. In Money - - - - 25,251 13 2f 629 9 6 45,881 2 84

Right honourable " Paitcc Byng, Esquire. In Money - - D* - - - towards the Debt of Sick and Hart Seamen <- - - . 7.943 — 7 } 20,014 9 1} 740 2 — 3.6*5 4 3i ^31,312 *6 —

r 7.943 — 7 46,006 .4 4i 4,244 13 gi 58,193 18 84

N. JBL There r^ains to come in, of the Supplies of the Year 173a L- 763440. 16. —

Ordered, That the said FJiimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Member* of the House.

Dispositiun The House being informed. That Mr, Frecker, from of Grant*. Jreafury, attended at the Doop;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Addrest to his Majesty, an Account shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1732 hath been disposed of, distinguished

under the several Heads, until the 31st day of January 1732; and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied; with the Deficiency thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Vol. 23.

F

An

g

cg

n‘

CD

Cl

cr

o

o

eg.

FT

An ACCOUNT, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1731 hath been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 31st Day of January 1732; m

and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied; with the Deficiency thereupon.

tZ

SERVICES.

r For Victuals, Wages, and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 8,000 £ f. d.

Men, for 13 Months - . 395,200-----

- - - - 212,885 7 5

- - - - - 60,000---

For the Ordinary of the Navy, and for Half-pay to Sea Officers

\ For the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of the Navy, Anno 1732 -Towards the Support of Greenwich Hospital -

C

C For Ordnance Sea Services ——

For Ditto Land Services - -

£ For extraordinary Expences for Land Services, not provided for by Parliament -

20,800 — — 82,715 1 6

3>376 15 9

<u

G

<u

’5

For defraying the Charge of 17>7°9 Men for Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces, Anno 1732 - 653,216 10 , 1

For maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations,-fl/*w0raz, & Gibr altar% Anno 1731 i 60,214 411

Upon Account of Out Pensioneri of Chelsea Hospital - 25,348 a —

For defraying several extraordinary Expences and Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament 11,258 10 8

I Upon Account of Half-pay to reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, Anna 1732 58,688 2 —

For Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of Land Forces and Marines as died upon the

Establishment of Half-pay (and who were married to them before Christmas 1716), for the year 1732 2,962-----

To make good and complete the Agio, or Difference of the Subsidies, payable to the Crown of

Denmark, in pursuance of his late Majesty’s Declaration, dated the 16th April 1727- - - 22,694 7

C To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, Anno 1730, on the 25th March 1732-< To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, Anno 1730, on the 29th September 1732 ( To make good the Deficiency of the General Fund -

137>187 *6 6

- 80,399 12

41,346 1

on the Coast of Africa ——

For Sir Thomas Lombe, in Reward and Recompence of his Service and Expences ia discovering the Arts of making and working Three Italian Engines for making Organzine Silk - - -; -

The Ways and Means towards supplying the said Services:

£ s-

750.000 ----- By the Malt Duty, Anno 1731.

500.000 ----- By the Land Tax, Anno 1732.

500.000 ----- By the Salt Duty. /

123,580 2 5 \ By the Overplus of the Supplies, Anno 1732.

7,267 6 — By Arrears of the Malt Duty, Anno 1730,

On Land Tax, Amo 1732 On Salt Duty

0

1

1,880,847 8 5t

121,395 3 4

2,002,242 II 9i

Deficiency of Ways and Means, Anno ,732

Sums paid. Remains to be paid.

jr. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

668,085 7 5 6i3.5h 5 54.573 6 —

5,000 5,000

106,891 17 3 So,000 *6,89.1 17 3

934,381 17 2} 910,219 14 5 *37»,37 16 6 *4,162 a 91

I - - 80,399 1a 3J —

I - - 258.883 9 *» '1 — — — m 41,346 1 ij

10,000 — — 10,000 — — — ' —

14,000 — — 14,000 — — —

2,002,242 It 9! 1,850,469 4 7 *51»973 7 H

d Means undisposed !: £ s. d.

- 1,613 13 10;

- 28,964 10 — 30.578 3 *oi

m OO 1 1 1 1 >*>.395 3 4

Deficiency of Ways and Means, Anno 173a.

M. Frecker. jfl February 1711-3.

Februarii. 1732*

6 Geo. II.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Greenwich The House being informed, That Mr*Corbett, Secre-Hospital. tary of Greenwich Hospital, attended at the Door;

lie was called ih; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, a State of the yearly Revenue and Expence of Greenwich Hospital: And also,

l9

An Account shewing how the Money granted last Session of Parliament, for Greenwich Hospital, has been disposed of.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said State, and Account, were read.

The said State, and Account, are as follow; tux.

i° Fehruariu

A STATE

A STATE of the yearly Revenue and Expence of Greenwich Hospital.

g

CO

r+

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

c§

ft

REVENUE.

The Six-Pence a Man per Menfem> of 8,oooo Seamen employed in the King’s Service at Sea, yields -

The Six-Pence a Man per Men fern, of about 1,500 Seamen employed on board his Majesty’s Ships in ordinary, may yield.

The Six-Pence a Man per Menfem, of Seamen employed in the Merchants Service, has yielded per Annum, for these Four Years past, about

The Three Light-houses on the Forelands yield, per Annum, about

Rents of Houses yield -

There is veiled in South Sea Annuities, by Order of the Court of Chancery, the Sum of £.3,974 devised to the Hospital; which Sum is to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands; and, in the mean time, the Hospital receives Interest, at £. 4 per Cent. - -

Revenue short of the Expence -

Memorandum: — The Half Pay of the Governor, and other military Officers, of the Hospital, which is at present applied in Aid to the Revenue of the Hospital, and may be deduced from the above Deficiency, amounts to - -- -- - 1,295 15

The Wages, and Value of the Provisions, allowed to the Chaplains of the Ordinary of Deptford and Woolwich, which are at present applied in like manner, they being the Chaplains of the Hospital, amount to - - - 107 —

s. d.

But the said Sums, being uncertain, are not brought to Account, as Part of the Revenue of the Hospital.

£. d.

2,600-----

487 10 —

7,000-----

1,400-----

251 18 4

158 19 —

11,898 7 4

10,868 19 6

22,767 6 10

3

1,402 15 —

EXPENCE.

The Maintenance of 900 poor disabled Seamen, with the Officers, Servants, and Nurses, upon the present Establishment, comes to -

The ordinary Repairs in and about the Hospital, including the Wages of the Officers of the Works, are estimated at about - -

Contingent Charges are about -

o

£ 20,567 6 to

1,700 — —

590-----

22*767 6

10

29th January 173a.

Ti

'ho, Corbett,

Februarii 1732.

6 Geo. II. i° Februarii.

a i

An ACCOUNT, shewing haw the Money granted last Session of Parliament, for Greenwich Hospital,

has been disposed of.

£' s, d.

In maintaining 450 additional disabled Seamen, with 27 Nurses, being Widows of Sea Officers, or poor Seamen, and also an additional Captain and Lieutenant, between the ift of January 1731, and the 31st of December 1732 - - - - 9,061 — 4

There has been expended this Year, in carrying on the Building of Queen Anne9s Court, and other Parts of the Fabrick, about £. 1,5005 towards the Payment of which, the remaining Part of the £. 10,000 is to be applied; viz. ----- - 938 j 9 8

29th January 1732.

£. 10,000-----

Tho. Corbett.

Ordered, That the said State and Account do lie upon the Table, to bepemfed by the Members of the House.

Greenwich the House being informed, That Mr. Harris, Deputy

Hospita). Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, attended at the Door; He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account shewing

how much Money has been received by the Treasurer, on account of the said Hospital, from Christmas 1731 to Christmas 1732; and how the same has been applied.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

GrmiaicMTospital,7 An ACCOUNT, shewing how much Money has been received by the Treasurer, on 24 January 1732. j account of the said Hospital, from Christmas 1731 to Christmas 1732; and how the same has been applied; viz.

Received on account of Abatements on Seamen’s Wages, employed in his Majesty’s Navy - 4,500-----

Received for Seamen’s Six-pences, employed in the Merchant Service a Year, with November

>73* - - *.....- 8,240 4 44-

Received for Forfeitures, to Christmas 1731 - - - 66123-$-

Received for the Duties to the Light-houses on the North and South Forelands, a Year, to Michaelmas 1732 - - - - 1,482 18 11

Received for Rents of Houses belonging to the Hospital - - - - 251 1 —

Received for Rents of Conduit-water - - - 188 9

Received for the Chaplains Wages, and Groats on the Ordinaries of Deptford and Woolwich Yards, and in the Yachts - -- - 159 2 6

Received for the Half Pay of the Governor, and other Officers, for a Year, ending with June 1732 1,281 — — Received unclaimed Shares of Prize money forfeited ----- - 459 5 8

Received for Seamen’s Six-pences in the Victualling Service - -- - 81 —

Received of the Treasurer of the Navy, in part of £. 10,000, pursuant to an Act of Parliament of the Fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign - -.....5,000-----

£. 21,466 14 6*

Which said several Sums, together with the Cash remaining in the Treasurer’s hands on the 25th December 1731, has been applied as followeth; viz.

Treasurer. Dr. Sum.

£. s. d.

To Cash remaining in the Treasurer’s hands on the 25th December 1731 2,622 9 64

To the Treasurer’s Receipts, from the 25th December 1731 to the 25th December 1732 - 21,466 14 6

Per Contra, Cr.

Paid the Houshold Books Six Months, ending with March 1732 Paid the contingent Account ditto, ending ditto -Paid sundry Books of Works ditto, ending the same time

Sum.

£- d.

8,386 10 5*

372 8 3

2,764 1 7

Paid by sundry Imprest Receipts (landing out on Account of House, and Works, to 25th December 1732 -

Il*523 — 3* 7,820-----

£. 24,089 4

J9>343 — 3i Due to Balance - 4*746 3 9

£. 24,089 4 — i

Signed and delivered, in the absence of the Treasurer, by

W. Harris.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

.n,

-jamei A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Guild, Fraternity or Brotherhood of the most glori-ousand undivided Trinity; and of St. Clement, in the Vol. 22

Parish of Deptford Strond, in the County of Kent, was pre-ented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Queen Elizabeth, by Letters Patent dated the nth day of June, in the thirty-sixth year of her Reign, granted the Office of Laftage and Ballastage, upon the Surrender or the said Office by Charles Lord Howard Baron of Effingham, G Great

22

Februarii.

1732.

Great Admiral of England; and, upon his Application to the said Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, and their Successors; who also, by a Grant of King Charles the Second, made on the 24th Day of June, in the Seventeenth Year of his Reign, are intitled to the Soil, Gravel, and Sand, of the River Thames, with the foie Right of supplying all Ships and Vessels with Ballatt, at the Rates and Prices accustomed'; viz. Nine Pence per Ton, by all Ships employed in the Coal-trade, Twelve Pence person by all other British Ships, and Sixteen Pence per Ton by foreign Ships: That the Petitioners have continually employed Sixty Ballatt Lighters, and One hundred and twenty Men, in their Service, with an Allowance of Four Pence per Ton to the Ballatt Men, and Two Pence per Ton to the Owners of the Ballatt Lighters; and have applied the Residue of the Money received for Ballatt, deducing the Charge of Management, to the Maintenance of Ninety-three Almshouses, and the monthly Relief of many Hundred Out Pensioners, the Expence of this Charity amounting to Four hundred Pounds per Month; and the poor decayed Seamen, their Widows, and Orphans, who are the Objects thereof, being above One thousand Nine hundred; That the Petitioners, upon the Complaint of the Masters and Commanders of Ships, have endeavoured to compel the Ballatt Men to deliver dueTonnage of Ballad; but that the said Ballatt Men, not content with the ancient Prices allowed to them by the Petitioners, but pretendingthat the Deepness of the River has made their Work more difficult; and that the DearnefsofProvisions has made the Increase of their Wages necessary; and perceiving that the Knowledge of the Business, in which they are employed, is confined to themselves, have of late combined together, and infilled on Three Pence per Ton more, and have actually demanded and received the same to their own Use, from several Matters and Commanders of Ships, in Disobedience to the Orders of the Petitioners; who, notwithstanding the Subscription of the Matters and Owners of Ships to advance the Prices of Ballatt, are not warranted to increase the accustomed Rates; and therefore cannot allow greater Wages to the said Ballatt Men, without starving the Poor; and therefore, that the Trade of the Nation may not suffer by the Want of Ballatt, and the Obstructions of the said River, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower the Petitioners to receive such other Sums of Money for the Prices of Ballatt, and, to make such further Allowance for the railing and delivering the fame, as shall be thought reasonable; and to compel the fai,d Ballatt Men to deliver due Tonnage of Ballatt to all Matters of Ships, ar>d subject them to such Regulation and Government, as to the House ttxall feera meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Conttderation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Winnington, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Vere Beau clerk, Mr. lower, Sir Thomas Lillie ton, Mr. Pierce, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wynne, Sir Edward Stanley, Captain Purvis, Captain Vernon, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Hedworth. Colonel Lyddell, Mr. Ilucksy Sir James Campbell, Mr. Daniel Campbell, Mr. Carr, Colonel Thompjbn, Sir Thomas Frankland, Mr. Burton, Mr. Henry Par fins, Sir John Ruftwut, Mr. Clutterhiicky Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Sir John Norris, Sir James Grant, Lord Gage, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Leheup, Major Selwyn, Mr. Thorny fun, Mr. Bevan, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Gregory, Sir Win Clayton, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Master, Mr. Waller, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Treby, Mr. Banks, Mr. Byng, Mr. Allington, Mr. Fox, Mr. Hilton; and all the Merchants of the House; and all the Members that serve for the Sea Ports and Coast Counties: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

OffinM and

JLn&ploy-

meat*.

A Bijl to indemnify Perfiws, who, through Ignorance

of Law, have omitted to qualify themselves for Employments, or Offices, by taking the Oaths, and making and subscribing the Declaration against Transubstantiation, and receiving the Sacrament; and allowing them further Time for that Purpose; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refobved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to indemnify Persons who have been duly elected into Offices, within Corporations; bqt who, through Ignorance of Law, have not bee-? regularly sworn into such Offices, such Persons taking the Oaths of their several and respective Offices, within a Time to be limited in the BjlJ.

Mr. Gregory reported from the Committee, to whom Dun the Petition of the Undertakers for making the River Navigation. Dun, in the County of York, navigable from Holmjlile, in Doncaster, to the utmost Extent of Tinftey West ward \ and also of the Undertakers for improving the Navigation thereof, from Holmjlile a fore said, to Wiljick house, pursuant to Two several Acts of Parliament made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee, pursuant to an Order of the House dated the'20th of January lad, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations of the fame,

Mr. Thomas Radford was called: Who said. That he has been employed, as Expenditor, for Four Years last past, for the Town of Sheffield, in One of which Years he was also Expenditor for both Sheffield and Doncaster;

And he produced an Account, whereby it appeared, that there was laid out and expended, in making and improving the Navigation of the said River, the Sum 7,coo. and upwards:

He also said, That the Undertakers of the said Navigation, above Holmjlile, had made Eight chargeable Locks, and several long Cuts; and that the Undertakers of the said Navigation below Holmjlile, had made Two chargeable Locks and Dams; as also a wooden Bridge, Siathing; ^nd otl^er expensive Works:

That when the Two Corporations settled their Accounts, about Two Years ago, there appeared to be laid out £. 13,000; and the Year after there was laid out about £.2,000; and the last Year upwards of £.2,300:

That the Navigation is not yet finished; but is capable of being made very good with further Expence, which will be of great Advantage to the Manufactory of Sheffield, and all the adjacent Country near the said River:

He also said, That the Navigation will be much more easily completed by the Two Companies being united into One, which will render the said Navigation more advantageous to Trade, by a more quick and easy Conveyance of Goods and Merchandizes up and down the said River.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend Two Acts of Parliament, One made in the Twelfth, and the other in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty s Reign, for making navigable the River Dun, in the County of York; and for the better perfecting and maintaining the said Navigation; and for uniting the several Undertakers into One Company:

And that Mr. Gregory, Sin George Saville, Mr. Jessop,

Mr. Plumplre, and* Sir James Campbell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr.

6 Geo. II. i* —

American Mr. Docminique, from the Commissioners for Trade Colonial an(j Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to rade.&c, their Address to his Majesty, in the last Session of Parliament, the Representation of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, in Answer to an Address from the House of Commons, dated the 2,5th of May 1732, relating to Laws made, Manufactures set up, and Trade carried on, there, whicij may affect the Trade, Navigation, and Manufactures of this Kingdom; as also with Relation to the several Instructions which have been given by her late Majesty, his late Majesty, and his present Majesty, to the respective Governors of his Colonies iti America, relating to the taking or not taking any Sums of Money, by way of Prelent or Salary, from the Inhabitants thereof; and when and liovv the same have at any time been varied; and to such Directions, as have been given by any of their said Majesties* for the Repair of the Forts and Fortifications of Barbadoes and the Leeward Islands.

And the Title of the said Representation was read.

Ordered, That the said Representation do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Member* of the House.

The said Representation is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Supply. Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and arc as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Two hundred and Eleven thousand Four hundred Ninety-five Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Eight Pence be granted to his Majest v for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half pay for Sea Officers, for the Year 1733.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That aSum not exceeding Seventy-seven thousand eight hunc/red and six Pounds eleven Shillings and three Pence be granted to his Majesty for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1733.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding One thousand Three hundred and Seventy-four Pounds Six Shillings and One Penny be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expence of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament.

The said Kesolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

VeneriS) 2° die Februarii;

Anno 6° Georgii IIdt Regis, 1732. Prayers.

Wadefmiiito A PETITION of the Justices of the Peace, of and Burley, &c. for the County of Hertford, assembled at the Ge-itoads. nera| Quarter Session of the Peace, holden for the said County of Hertford, the Second Day of October, in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, Annoque Domini 1732; and of several Gentlemen and Freeholders of the said County of Hertford; and of the several Persons who have advanced Money on the Credit of the Acts hereafter mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the several Acts of Parliament made for erecting a Turn-pike at Wadesmill, in the said County, for the railing of Money towards amending the Highways in the said County, are near expiring; and that the said Highways cannot be repaired at the private Expence of the several Parishes through which the Road leads, and Vol. 22.

Februarii. 13

will soon become nnp&frable, unless the Act, made for erecting the said Turnpike, be continued for a further time; and that the Trustees for amending the said Road have, by way of Mortgage, raised the Sum of Two lhousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the Powers to them given for that Purpose: which Sum still remains due and unpaid: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and contiriue the said Act for so many Years longer, as the House shall think fit, or make such other Provision, as they shall think proper, for the speedy and effectual amending and repairing of the said Road.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and repott the farrte, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cafar, Sir Thomas Sebright,

Mr. Plummcry Mr. Bichard Plummer, Mr. Fitz Roy,

Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Winning/on, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr.

Plump frt5 Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Brudenell', Sir Thomas Lee, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Burton, Me Conduit, Mr.

Edgcumbe, Lord Micklcthwaite, Mr. Hamilton, Major Selwyn, Mr Wyndham, Sir Clob cry Noel, Mr. Noel, Mr.

Bacon9 Mr. Bromley, Mr. Sambroke, Sir James Grant,

Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Fox, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Merrill, Mr.

Child, Mr. Rozcney, Captain Vernon, Mr. Vane, Mr. Alderman Perry, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Martin, Mr.

Earle, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Francis Child; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Hertford\ Cambridge, and Huntingdon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Richard Freeman Esquire, Elizabeth Aston Magna Robins, Vi Mow, Thomas Hull, Thomas Hayward, Thomas Inclosure. Joyce, John Norris, Robert Hanman, Elizabeth Wife Widow. William Savage, Antony Guest, Richard Darby,

AnneSmith, John CharlesJ Richard Robins, Land-owners, and Proprietors of I^and, in Aston Magna, alias Hanging riston, in tl)e County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That a great Quantity of arable Land, Meadow and Pasture-ground, in Afion Magna, alias Hanging A/Ion aforesaid; which is now used and enjoyed by the Petitionersin common, will be greatly improved, if inclosed and made several: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for that Purpose, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John RaJIwut, Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Wyndham, Sir Abraham Elton, Major Selwyn, Mr.

Harley, Mr. Brain ft on, Mr. fVinnington, Mr. Selwyn,

Mr. Brudenell, Colonel Read, Mr. Whitworth, Sir John Barnard, Lord Morpeth, Lord Limerick, Mr. Alderman Perry, Sir John Aflley, Mr. Watkiti Wms. Wynne, Mr.

Chctzvynd, Mr. Campbell of Pcmbr. Mr Conduit, Sir Wilfrid Laxofon, Mr. St. John, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Master,

Mr. Ongley, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Lifter,

Mr. Plumptre, Lord Walden, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr.

Waller, S\r James Grant, Mr. Walker, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Fitz Roy, Mr. Wollaston, Sir James Campbell, General Sutton, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Docminique-, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Worw cester, Oxford, Warwick, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Supply, into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arras attending this House, do go with the Mace into Westminster-hall, and into the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and

summon

2 — 5

Februarii.

A,

J73*.

summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House:

And he went accordingly:

And being returned;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1733, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lun<z, 50 die Feb;

Anno 6* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1732.

Praters.

I IE House being informed. That some of the Salt Duties.

X Commissioners of the Salt Duties, attended at the Door:

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duties on Home-made Salt, since the Revival of the Duty, from Lady-day 1732 to Christmas following.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

An ACCOUNT of the gross and net Produce of the Duties on Home-made Salt, since the Revival of the Duty, from Lady-day 1732 to Christmas following.

The gross Produce -

In ready Money, which is the Duty on the Salt that has been delivered for Home Consumption -

In Bonds; these Bonds are given for Duty on Salt shipped for Parts beyond the Seas, which Bonds will be vacated by Debentures -Salt delivered Duty-free, for curing Fish for Exportation -Allowance for Rock Salt melted, and made into White Salt-

The net Produce, or Money paid into the Exchequer to 25th December

*732 - .....-

There has been Likewise paid into the Exchequer, since said 25th December 1732, for Duty on Home-made Salt, charged and delivered from the Works before 25th December 1732, being Money received on Bills of Exchange that were in the Office at Christmas last, or Money remitted by the Collectors since, on that Account -

£ S. d.

84,042 3 6

I 16.528 l7 1

10,021 6 10

11,941 5 5

22 ,533 1 1 io

222,533

39>°36 — 10*

j. d. 11 10

13,784 6 10

52,820 7 Si

Salt Office,

2d February 1732.

Win. Sumpter, Accomptant.

James Cardonnel, Edward Ajtley, W. Winde.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, That Mr. Arnold, from ' the Secretary at War’s Office, attended at the Door; He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty* an Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, for the Year 1733: And also,

An Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1733: And also, Pensioners.

An Account of Services incurred Anno 1732, and Services not not provided for by Parliament. provided.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Estimates, and Account, were read.

The said Estimates, and Account, are as follow; viz.

6 Geo. II.

5° Februa.

*5

ESTIMATE of the Charge of his Majestys Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar,

for the Year 1733.

Numbers.

/ 395 — — —

- 394 -

445 - -

- 57 - "

- 224 - " -

na -

n5 1.742

615

- 615 -

- 615 - -

- 615 2,460

m 615

- 615 -

- 615 1.845 ,

- - 6,047 {

In the Plantations:

Brigadier Jones's Regiment -Colonel Phillips's -

Four Independent Companies at iVere Fori* -One Company at Bermudas -Two Companies at Jamaica -One Company in the Bland of Providence One Company at Carolina - -

Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Gz«/&, and Placentia

I11:

Colonel Kane's Regiment -

Sir Charles Hotham's....

Brigadier Tyrrell's -

Brigadier Barrett's -

Officers of the Garrison, &c.

In Gibraltar:

Brigadier Clayton's Regiment -

Colonel Anjlruthers -

Earl of Albemarle's -

Officers of the Garrison, &V.

Provisions for Colonel Phillips's Regiment, in Garrison at Annapolis Royal, G/n/o, and Placentia, di ducting 4f/. per D/m out of the Subsistence of each Non*commission Officer and private Man, towards that Expence: Remains to he borne by the Government -

Provisions for the several Regiments at Gibraltar -

Pay of the Regiments, ^-c. for 365 Days.

TOTAL.

£ s. d.

9.775 18 4

9,83° *3 4

7.mi 16 8

1,003 15 —

3,653 10

1,821 19 2

3.071 7 6

12.784 2 6

12.784 2 6

12.784 z 6

12.784 2 6

36,298 10 10 2,539 1 8

14.784 4 6

12.784 2 6

14.784 4 6

*,558 17 1 25,000 — —

51,136 10 — 6,200 8 9

38,351 7 6 3,749 12 3*

26,558 *7

164,835 8 if

Whitehall,5th February,173}- Total

TFm. Strickland.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1733.

For 365 Days.

Per Diem

3,843 Out-pensioners, (landing at present upon the Books of the Hospital, at 5 dper Diem each -

100 Letter Men, 1 id. per Diem each -

43 Serjeants, at gd. per Diem each -

£. s. d. 29>2I5 4 a

1,825-----

588 11 3

31,628 15 5

<5,500-----

25,128 15 5

From which deduct,

The Sum of Six thousand Five hundred Pounds, which, by Estimation, may be applicable towards defraying this Expence, out of the Poundage of the Forces for the Year 1733

Remains to be granted, upon Account, for the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for^ the Year 1733 -

Whitehall, 5th February 173-J-

Wm. Strickland.

Av ACCOUNT of Services incurred, Anno 17325 and not provided for by Parliament. The Difference of Pay between the English and Irifi Establishments, for Three Irish Regiments; viz.

Colonel Cope's, and Colonel Cornwallis's Regiments, from the 25th December 1731, to the respective times when they returned to Ireland -

Lord Ruthe's, late Colonel Middleton's Regiment, from the 25th December 1731, to 24th December 1732 ——

682

s.

13

878 8 —

To satisfy his Majesty’s Warrant of 28th December 1732, to Lieutenant General Wade, for compieating Forty Miles of Road for Wheel-carriage, and building Bridges in the Highlands, including £.600 advanced by him, for providing Materials for building a Stone

Bridge, of Five large Arches, over the River Tay....

To make good the like Sum paid Mr. John Gilman, Contractor, for furnishing and supplying the Forces, in the Island of Minorca, with Flesh-meat, over and above the Six Pence per Man per Week, stopt from the Pay of the Regiments there, pursuant to a Contract and Warrant, between the 18th Day of Avgujl 1730, and the 14th Day of February 173-f

Whitehall, 5th February 1731-.

Vou 22.

Wm. Strickland.

Total

£ s. d.

1,561 1 8

3>528 iJ

2,166 13 4

- £ 7>256 8 2

H

Ordered,

26

6" Februarii.

A. 1731.

Ordered, That the said Estimates, and Account, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Supply. Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty; the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as foIJoweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Number of effective Men to be provided for Guards and Garrisons in Great Britain, and for Guernsey and strfeij, for the Year 1733, be, (including One thousand Eight hundred and Fifteen Invalids, and Five hundred Fifty-live Men, which the Six Independent Companies consist of,) for the Service of the Highlands,

' Seventeen thousand Seven hundred and Nine Men,

Commission and Non-Commission Officers included.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Fifty-one thousand Four hundred Eighty-four Pounds Seventeen Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the said Seventeen thousand Seven hundred and Nine Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’sLand Forces, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, ior the Year 1733.

The first of the said Resolutions, being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Resolution be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second of the said Resolutions, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

fteduction of A Motion was made, and the Question being put, the Army. That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, humbly to desire his Majesty, that he would be graciously pleased, from his earned Desire to ease his People of every Charge not absolutely necessary, and his Regard to the Constitution of this Kingdom, to take the first favourable Opportunity of making a Reduction of those Forces, which this House hath voted, in pursuance of the Estimate laid before them, by his Majesty’s Di rest ion;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas:; Child': } 1s6,

np ii r \ XT (Mr. Winnington,

Tellers for the Noes i’ Mr S( Qui?ltjn: ] 203.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday tnd Means. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*;

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Employ-

ments.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Offices and Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnity Persons who, through Ignorance of I^w, have omitted to qualify themselves for Employments, or Offices, by taking the Oaths, and making, and subscribing, the Declaration againstTran-substantiation, and receiving the Sacrament; and allowing them further time for that Purpose.

*5

Mart is y 6* die Februarii;

Anno 6* Georgii II4' Regis, 1732.

Praters.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Lighthoun and Mr. Thomas Rennet:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Welshourne inclosing several large Common Fields, within the Pa- Hastings, rishes of Welshourne Ha flings, and Newbo/dPacy, in the 1,1 cloture. County of Warwick: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, that some of the Com- House and missioners for Taxes attended at the Door; Land Tax

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to Arreara. the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Arrears of the Duties upon Houseswere handing out at Christmas last; with the Names of the respective Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears remained: distinguidling each Year; and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof: And also,

An Account of what Arrears of the Land Taxes were (landing out at Christmas last; with the Names of the respective Receivers in whole Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguishing each Year; and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That a List be laid before this House, of the Excise Names of the Persons, and their respective Employ- Revenue, ments, concerned in the Collection of the Revenues under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, for that Part of Great Britain called England; with the Salary attending each Officer; and also, an Account of the whole Charges of the Management, and Incidents; distinguishing them, and likewise each Branch of the several Duties, under their respective Heads for each Year; from Midsummer 1721 to Midsummer 1 732.

Ordered, That a List be laid before this House, of the Ditto Names of the Persons, and their respective Employ- Scotland, ments, concerned in the Collection of the Revenues under the Management of the Commissioners of the Excise, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ with the Salary attending each Officer; and also an Account of the whole Charges of Management, and Incidents; distinguishing them, and likewise each Branch of the several Duties, under their respective Heads, for each Year; from Midsummer 1721 to Midsummer 1732.

Ordered, That a List be laid before this House, of Custoros. the Names of the Persons, and their respective Employments, concerned in the Collections of the Revenue under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs, wit!) their respective Salaries; and also an Account of the whole Charge of Management for each Year, and Incidents; distinguished under their respective Heads; and also what Part thereof belongs to that Part of Great Britain called England* and what Part thereof belongs to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; from Michaelmas 1721 to Michaelmas 1732.

Ordered, That a List be laid before this House, of the Salt Duties. Names of the Persons, and their respectiveEmployments, concerned in the Collection of the Revenue under the Management of the Commissioners of the Salt Duties; with the Salary attending each Officer; and also an

Account

Land Tax,

&c.

Stamp

Duto.

Hawker* and Pedlars.

Hackney

Coachts.

Eieilt

Btreoue.

Ditto

IcoiW,

Cailoai.

Tea, &c,

6 Geo. II. 8°

Account of the whole Charge of the Management, and Incidents, for each Year; from Michaelmas 1721 to Michaelmas 1732.

Ordered, That a List be laid before this House, of the Names of the Persons, and their respective Employments, concerned in the Collection of the Land Tax, and Duties upon Houses, under the Inspection of the Commissioners for Taxes; with the Salary attending each Officer; and also an Account of the whole Charge of Management, for each Year; from Michaelmas 1721 to Michaelmas 1732.

Ordered, That a List be laid before this House, of the Names of the Persons, and their respective Employments, concerned in the Collection of the Revenue under the Management of the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties; with the Salary attending each Officer; and also an Account of the whole Charge of Management. and Incidents, for each Year, from Michaelmas 1721 to Michaelmas 1732.

Ordered, That a List be laid before this House, of the Names of the Persons, and their respective Employments, concerned in the Collection of the Revenue under the Management of the Commissioners for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars; with the Salary attending each Officer; and also, an Account of the whole Charge of Management, and Incidents, for each Year; from Michaelmas 1721 to Michaelmas 1732.

Ordered, That a List be laid before this House, of the Names of the Persons, and their respective Employments, concerned in the Collection of the Revenue under the Management of the Commissioners for licensing Hackney Coaches; with the Salary attending each Officer; and also, an Account of the whole Charge of Management, and Incidents, for each Year; from Michaelmas 1721 to Michaelmas 1732,

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this jHouse the Paid Lifts and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excise for that Part of Great Britain called England, do lay before this House the Gross and Net Produce of the Publick Revenues under their Management; with an Account of the Money allowed, or paid, for Drawbacks, prompt Payment, Bounty on Exportation, or other Allowances; from Midsummer 1716 to Midfumrner 1732; distinguishing each Branch of Duty under their respective Heads.

Ordered, That, the Commissioners of the Excise for that Bart of Great Britain called Scotland\ do lay-before this House the Gross and Net Produce of the publick Revenues under their Management; with an Account of the Money allowed, or paid, for Drawbacks, prompt Payment, Bounty on Exportation, or other Allowances; from Midfumrner 1716 to Midsummer 1732; distinguishing each Branch of Duty under their respective Heads.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the pnbiick Revenues under their Management; with an Account of the Money drawn back for Goods re-exported, and paid out of the fame, for Premiums, or Bounties; from Michaelmas 1716 to Michaelmas 1732; distinguishing each Branch of Duty Under its proper Head; and each Year; and how much thereof has arisen in that Part of Great Britain called England; and how much thereof in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, ail Account of the Quantity of Tea, Coffee, Cocoa-nuts, and Chocolate, imported into this Kingdom; from Michaelmas 171b to Michaelmas 1732; and how much of the same has been re-exported; distinguishing each Commodity, and each Y$;ir; together with the Gross and Net Produce of tfii Revenue arising the reby.

Vol. 22.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Tobacco imported into this Kingdom; and how much of the same has been re-exported to foreign Parts; from Michaelmas 1721 to Michaelmas 1732; distinguishing each Port, or Place; and each Year; and how much thg^eof has arisen in that Part of Great Britain called England; and how much thereof in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; with the Gross and Net Produce of the Duties arising thereon. 0

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity, and Sorts, of Wines imported into this Kingdom; and how much thereof has been re-exported to foreign Parts; from Michaelmas 1711 to Michaelmas 1732; distinguishing each Port, or Place; and each Year; and how much thereof has arisen in that Part of Great Britain called England; and how much thereof in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; with the Gross and Net Produce of the Duties arising thereon.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excise, for that Part of Great Britain called England, do Jay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Tea, Coffee, Cocoa-nuts, and Chocolate, for which they have received the Duties; with the Amount of such Duties; and the Charges in collecting the fame; from the time of these Commodities being put under their Management to Midfumrner 1732; distinguishing each Year, and each Commodity.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excise, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Tea* Coffee, Cocoa-nuts, and Chocolate, for which they have received the Duties; with the Amount of such Duties; and the Charges in collecting the fame; from the time of these Commodities being put under their Management to Midfumrner 1732; distinguishing each Year; and each Commodity.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Gross Amount of the Value of the Seizures; and what has been the Net Produce paid therefrom into the Exchequer; from Michaelmas 1716 to Michaelmas 1732; distinguishing each Year; and the Value pfeach Commodity seized; and at what Ports, or Places.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excise, for that Part of Great Britain called England, do lay before this House, an Account of the Gross Amount of the Value of the Seizures; and what has been the Net Produce paid therefrom into the Exchequer; front Midfumrner 1716 to Midfumrner 1732; distinguishing each Year; and the Value of each Commodity seized; and at what Place.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excise, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, do lay before this House, an Account of the Gross Amount of the Value of the Seizures; and what has been the Net Produce paid therefrom into the Exchequer; from Midfumrner 1716 to Midfumrner 1732; distinguishing each Year; and the Value of each Commodity seized* and at what Place.

The House being moved, that an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to take away the Custom of Wales, which hinders Persons from disposing their personal Eliates, by their Wills, might be read:

The same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to take away the Custom of Wales, which hinders Persons from disposing their Personal Eftar.es, by their Wills; And that Mr. Watkin Williams Wynne, Mr. Sevan, and Mr. Griffith, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given *to bring in a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment

Tobaccck

Wined,

Tea, &c.

Seizures for Custom*;

Seizure* for Excise.

Ditto

Scotland.

Dispositions by Will in Wales*

Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion,

28

ment of the Army, and their Quarters: And that Mr. Andrews and Mr. Huxley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Wear Mr. Hedworlh reported from the Committee, to whom Navigation, the Petition of the Commissioners of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the Count# of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter t>f the said Petition; which, as it appeared to them, they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, of the 29th of January last, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition;

And, to prove the Allegations thereof.

The Petitioners first laid before the Committee, An Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, whereby certain Persons, therein named, were constitilted and appointed Commissioners of the said River, Port and Haven, within the Limits, with the Powers, and for the Purposes, therein mentioned, for and during the Term of Twenty-one years; and certain Duties were granted, payable from the 24th Day of June 1717, for the Space of Twenty-one Years:

The Petitioners also laid before the Committee another Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for the mo re effect ual Preservation and Improvement of the said River, Port, and Haven, whereby divers additional Powers were granted to the said Commissioners.

Then several Witnesses were called; viz.

Mr. Thomas Allen: Who fair!, That the Commissioners had borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts, the Sum of £.6,800, whereof only £. 1,000 had been repaid; so that there remained due £.5,800; which Sum carries Interest:

And he being asked, What the Duties granted amounted to annually ? said. That the net Produce thereof was £ 1,200 per Annum; which, according to a Computation by him made, would scarce be sufficient to pay off the principal Money borrowed, as aforesaid, and the growing Interest thereof, before the Expiration of the Term for which the said Duties were granted; and consequently, that nothing would be left to defray the necessary Expences of repairing, and carrying on, the Works, for the Preservation, and Improvement, of the said River, Port, and Haven.

Sir Wm. Williamson, Mr. Thomas Allen, and Captain Lampion, being severally examined, laid, That, for want of a new Pier, toproteft the Harbour from the North-east Winds, Ships and Vessels have often been very much damaged; the Building of which, and erecting other necessary Works, will amount to a considerable Sum of Money more than can be raised by the Duties during the Continuance of the said Term, which expires on the24th Day o[June 1738:

And the same Witnesses proved, that the Commissioners have been often restrained from levying the Duties and Penalties imposed by the said Act, of the 3d Year of his said late Majesty, by reason the Commissioners are not thereby impowered to direct their Warrants for levying the same to any Person, but to the Cotistable of the Place where the Offence is committed, where there are very seldom Effects of such Persons as refuse, or neglect, to pay such Duties and Penalties, sufficient to answer the fame.

And it appeared to the Committee, That unless the Duties and Powers, by the said Acts of Parliament granted, be further continued, and the Acts made more effectual, the said River, Port, and Haven, cannot be eife&ually cleansed, preserved, and improved, and the Money already borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts, be repaid, with Interest.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, and make more effectual, Two Acts made in the Thiid and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for Preservation, and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham: And that Mr. Hedworlh, Mr. Hilton, Mr. Burlon, and Sir Wilfrid Laufon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Over- St. George'* seers of the Poor, and other principal Inhabitants, of the ancient Parish of Si. George the Martyr, in Southwark9 r

in the County of Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the IToufe, and read; felting forth. That the Church belonging to the said Parish is very old, ruinous, and irreparable, though the Petitioners have contributed to the Repairs thereof, within the Compass of a few Years* more than the Sum of Eleven hundred Pounds, notwithstanding the great Poverty of the said Parish, occasioned by the Increase of Poor, the Rate for whose Support, in the Year 1696, amounted to no more than Two hundred Eighty-three Pounds Eleven Pence Halfpenv, hut in the Year 1729, exceeded the Sum of One thousand Pounds; which Increase of Poor is chiefly owing to the Increase of Prisoners in the Four several Prisons within the said Parish; and especially the King's Bench, the Rules whereof are of great Extent, wherein many info!vent Debtors frequently gain Settlements, and to t he present Condit ion of one Part of the said Parish, called the Mint, the Houses in which are now either empty, or inhabited by indigent Persons, not paying any parochial Duties; and that by these Means the Petitioners are disabled to defray the Expence of rebuilding the said Church; and that the Petitioners, by the Consumption of Coals in the said Parish, have, for many Years, contributed a great Sum of Money to the Fund appropriated, by several Acts of Parliament, for building, and endowing, Fifty new Churches, within the Cities of London and Westminster, proportionally with all other Parishes within the Bills of Mortality, the said Parish being included within the City of London, and under the Jurisdiction of the Lord Mayor thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for appropriating such Part of the said Fund for rebuilding the said Church, as the House shall think fit; or that the Petitioners may have such other Assistanee and Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof 5 and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Colonel Onslow, Mr. Vincent, Mr.

More, Mr. Laroche, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Fane, Colonel Middleton, Mr. Walker, Mr. Burton, Mr. East, Mr.

Orlebar, Mr. Treby, Mr. Hugh Williams, Mr. Smelt,

Colonel Duckett, Sir John Cope, Mr. Whitworth, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Ingram, Major Selwyn, Lord Micklethwaite. Mr. Robert Hucks, Mr. Rrampston, Mr.

Tower, Mr. JVollaston, Mr. Philips, Mr, Cormvallis, Mr.

Cro/s, Sir Charles Hotharn, S\r John Williams, Mr. Leheup,

Mr. Cunningham, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Mr. Brookjhank,

Mr. Drummond, Captain Purvis, Mr. Wyndham, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Harris, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Harris son, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Martin, Mr. Cholmondeley,

Mr. Tuff nett, Mr. Owen, Mr. IJedworth, Colonel SeU ivyn, Mr. Vyner, Captain Vernon, Mr. Crispe, Mr. Thomas Lewis, Mr. Hoste, Mr. Lyjier, Colonel Read, Mr. Plumptre, M r.Crozvle, Mr. Richard Plummer, Mr. Hall,

Sir Charles Nicol, Sir Henry Gough, Mr. Winford, Lord Tirconnel, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Hacks, Mr.

Sandys, Lord Limerick, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Ccefar,

Mr. Wat kin Wins. Wynne, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Thomas?

Liftevl

6° Februarii.

0 Februarii,

6 Geo. II. 6° — '

Lifter, Sir Win, Middleton, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Burrell, Mr. R&wtiey, Lord Morpeth; and all the Members that serve for the Chtahties of Surrey arid Kent, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afterriooh at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A»w.Vag- Sir John Rushout reported from the Committee, to

iiidcJolurc. w|,om the Petition of Richai%d Freeman Esquire, Elizabeth Robins, Widow, Thomas Hulls, Thomas Hayward, Thomas Joyce, John Norris, Robert Hanrhan, Elizabeth Wife, Widow, William Savage, Anthony Guejl, Richard Darby, Anne Smithy John Charles, Richard Robins, Land-owners, and Proprietors of Land, in Aston Magna, alias Hanging Aston, in the County of Worcester, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, of the Second Instant, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition: And, to prove the Allegations thereof,

Mr. Thomas Fletcher was called: Who said, That there is a great Quantity of arable Land, Meadow and Pallure Ground, in Aston Magna, now used and enjoyed by the Petitioners in common; but, if such Common Grounds were divided and inclosed, the same would be very beneficial to all the Proprietors thereof.

The same Witness, being examined as to the Signing

of the Petition, said. That all the Petitioners signed the Petition in his Presence, except Two of them; viz. John Charles, and Thomas Joyce; both which declared to him. That their Names to the Petition were of their proper Hand-writing; and that they were desirous, that an Act of Parliament might pass, according to the Prayer of the Petition.

And Mr. Fletcher further said. That the Petitioners are all the Persons claiming any Interest in the Common Grounds so desired to be divided and inclosed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Hamlet of Aston Magna, in the Parish of Blockley, in the County of Worcester: And that Sir John Rushout and Sir William Keyt do prepare, and bring in* the fame. f

Wtlibonrae An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hidings,^c. for inclosing several large Common Fields within the kiofurt. Parishes of Welshourne Ha flings and Nezvbold Pacy, in the County of Warwick, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 7° Febrtiarii;

Anno 6* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1732.

PlATERS.

forptoflei, 1U R. Scrope presented to the House, pursuant to their IVA Address to his Majesty, — Surpluses dated at Lady-day 1732; and — Surplusses statecTat1 Michaelmas 1731. And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Surplusses do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Surplusses are bound' up with the other Papers of this Session.

Pnniihinj Mr. Andrews presented to the House, according to Mutiny and Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and Desertion. for the better payment of the Army, and their Quarters: And the same was received \ and read the Firfli time. Vol. 22.

29

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time,

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors confined in the Debtow City Gaol of Bristol, was presented to the House* and read* Petition# complaining, That the late Act for the Relief of insolvent Debtors has not answered the good Intent of the Legis

Jature, the Sum being limited: And therefore praying,

That a Bill may be brought in for their Enlargement, upon the Delivery of their All, under any Penalty; or otherwise to be relieved as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Ballast-men, on the behalf of them- Thame* selves, and others, working on the River Thames, in Num- I^age and berOne hundred and Twenty, was presented to the BallaltaSc* House, and read; setting forth, That the Delivery of short Tonnage of Ballast, which the Mailers and Owners of Ships complain of, notwithstanding the Care of the 0 Corporation of Trinity-house to prevent the fame, is occasioned by the Scarcity of Ballast in the said River, which the Petitioners are obliged to take up in much deeper Waters than formerly, without a sufficient Allowance for their Labour; and complaining, That the Petitioners are often detained by Mailers of Ships longer than is necessary, before they are discharged; and are hindered in the Delivery of their Ballast: And therefore praying an Allowance of Three Pence per Ton for common Ballast, and a proportionable Price for the washed Ballast, in Recompence of their Labour; that they may be enabled to deliver full Tonnage, and to support themselves and Families.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Guild Fraternity or Brotherhood of the most glorious and undivided Trinity, and of St. Clement, in the Parish of Deptford Strond, in the County of Kent, is referred.

A Petition of Jujtus Gerhard was presented to the Gerhard’* House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner Wat. was born out of his Majesty’s Allegiatice; but hath always professed the Protestant Religion, and given good Testimony of his Loyalty to his Majesty: And praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Holland, and Mr. Crojfe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Sandfts reported from the Committee to whom charitabl* the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corpo- Corpora* ration for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them lion-with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in a General Court, is referred, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That such Persons as the Committee shall think proper to be examined, relating to the Matter of their Inquiry, may be examined in the most solemn manner.

Ordered, That the said Committee be impowered to examine, in the most solemn manner, such Persons as they shall think proper to be examined upon the Subject-matter of their Inquiry.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Manner of That this House will raise the necessary Supplies for the railing Sup. current Service of this Year, without creating any new Plie* Debt upon any Fund whatsoever*

It passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Pay, for the House to resolve itself Supply, into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee oi the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

I The

11 ! I

11;

30 70 — 8° Februarii. A. 173*.

The other Order of the Day being read; Majesty King George the Second, Annoque Domini

WaYs The House resolved itself into a Committee of the 1732; and of several Gentlemen and Freeholders of the and Means, ^hole House, to consider of Ways and Meads for said County of Hertford, and of the several Persons railing the Supply granted to his Majesty. who have advanced Money on the Credit of the Atts

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. in the Petition mentioned; is referred.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, Morning, Nine of the Clock.

That they had come to a Resolution, which they had __________ .__________

directed him to report, when the House will please to

receive the same. o J* z? I

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow JOVtSy oo die rebruam J

Morning. Anno 6* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1732.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, That 6

he was directed by the Committee to move, That they Piiayers.

mav have Leave to fit again. r I 1H E House being informed, that Mr. Corbet, from

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- X the Treasurer of, the Navy, attended at the Door; c ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what railing the Supply granted to his Majesty. Money has been ordered by the Bight honourable the

Lords of the Treasury, and received by the Treasurer Wadesmill Ordered, That Mr. Ivory Talbot and Mr. Levinz be of his Majesty’s Navy, for any Services of the Navy,

lioads a(Med to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the from the Thirty-first of December 1731 to the Thirty-Justices of the Peace of and for the County of Hertford, first of December 1732. assembled at the General Quarter Session of the Peace And then he withdrew, holden for the said County of Hertford, the Second Day And the Title of the said Account was read,

of October*, in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present The said Account is as follows; viz,

' Treasury Office of the Navy, 7

31st January 1732-3. } An ACCOUNT of what Money has been ordered by the Right honour-

able the Lords of the Treasury, and received by the Treasurer of his Majesty’s Navy, for any Services of the Navy, from the 31 ft. December 1731 to the 31st December 1732; distinguishing the Times when the same was received, and the Services to which it was applied; prepared in pursuance of an Order of the honourable House of Commons, of the 29th January 1732.

Time.

1731-2. January 13 th.

SERVICES.

Sums.

TOTAL.

To received at his Majesty’s Exchequer, in Money, out of Contributions for Annuities, at per Cent, Part of

the Supplies, Anno 1731, the Sum off 13*637. 4 s. 2d. for the Services under-mentioned; viz.

d.

c * i

Mar- 9th.

On the Head of Wages:

To pay his Majesty’s Ship the Salisbury £. s. d.

to the 31st December 1731 - - 3,198-----

To pay off his Majesty’s Sloops Sharke

and Cntizer - - - . - 7,439 4 2

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay Imprefts, and Bills of Exchange

On the Head of Victualling r

To pay Bills of Exchange -

To received at ditto, in Money advanced by the Batik of England, for Exchequer Bills charged on the Malt Duty, Anno 1732, the Sum of£. 217,042. %s. for the Services under-mentioned; viz.

10,637 4 2 2,000-----

1,000-----

13.637 4

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay Three Months Course, due 31st

January 1728 - - - 38,926 — , —

To pay Imprefts, and Bills of Exchange - 5,000-----

To pay all the Yards Two Quarters Pay, due Midfum-mer 1731; viz.

On the Head of Ordinary - - 40,697 - — —

Wear and Tear ----- 46,593 — —

On the Head of Ordinary:

To pay f a Year’s Half-pay to the Sea

Officers, due 31st December 1731 - 15,000 — —

To pay 2 a Year’s Pension to superannu-

ated Officers, &c. due Christmas 1731- 4,070-----

On the Head of Wages:

To pay Sick and Hurt Quarters, One

Year, ending 30th September 1731 - 3,075 3 2

To pay Bills of Exchange drawn on the

Sick and Hurt Office - 1,000-----

43,926 —

87,290 ——

19,070 —

4>°75 3 2

Narjr

Serried.

6 Geo. II.

8-Februa

Time.

«732-Mar. 29.

May 2d.

15 th.

26th.

V<a. 22.

31

SERVICES.

d.

On the Head of Victualling: -

To pay Three Months Course, due 31st s<

January 1728 - - - 55,331 i-

To pay the Coopers, Labourers, 8Cc. ‘

Two Quarters Pay, due Midsummer

1731 - - - .4*349 l9 10

To pay Bills of Exchange - - - 1,600 2 — ’ —

To pay Necessary-money and Contingencies - - - - . - 2,000 —

To received at his Majesty’s Exchequer, in Money advanced by the Bank of England\ for Exchequer Bills, charged on the Malt Duty, Anno 1732, the Sum of £ 9,425. 18 nd. for the Services under-mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Wear and Teat:

To pay Imprefts, and Bills of Exchange (to replace the like Sum taken by the Navy Board out of the £.5,000. received the 9th Instant, to complete the Payment of the Course to the End of January 1728, which was under-estimated), the Sum of....

On the Head of Ordinary:

To pay a Quarter’s Salary to the Right honourable the Lords of the Admiralty, the Commissioners, and other Officers of the Navy, doe I.ady-day: last - - ‘ - - * 7i3oo —

To pay a Quarter's Pension, due ditto"

time - - - - 297 10 —

On the Head of Wages:

To pay a Quarter’s Allowance to the Right honourable the Earl of Peterborough, as General of his Majesty’s Marine Forces, due Lady-day last - -

To received at ditto, in Money advanced'^y the Bank of England\ for Exchequer Bills charged bn the Malt: Duty, Anno 17327‘the'Siimof £.12,706. for the Services under-mentioned; viz.

To be pa, id to Greenwich Hospital, fof the Support thereof - -r.

I ':

On the Head of Wages: .;

To pay a Year’s Penftop (^o the Chest at Chatham, due _Lady-day 1731 , -

To received at ditto, in Money, qut of Loans on the Land Tax, Anno 1732, the Sum _of £.13,330. for the Services under-mentioned; viz, , r

Y \..;

On the Headof Wages:

To pay the Company of his Majesty’s Ship Looe, to be removed into the Tyger - - - i>33° "

.To pay Two Months Advance, and Two-

Months in Six - - - 10,000-----

On the Head of Victualling: ,

To pay Necessary-money and Contingencies

To received at ditto? out of Loans on the Land Ta^ Anno 1732, the Sum of £.29,503. for the.Services underr mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay Imprefts, and Bills of Exchange -

Sums.

L s. d.

62,68o Ip -lO

918 8 11

7,597 10-

910 — —

n I

1111

S,oooo —

7,700-----

1/

11,330 — — i

2,000 — —

3jooO — . —

total.

£ s. d.

217,042 3.* —

9>4Z5 J8 11

12,700-----

13»33°-----

S' Februarii.

A. 1732.

Time. SERVICES. Sums. TOTAL.

1 On the Head of Wages: . To pay off his Majesty’s Ships Lyon, £. s. d. Gosport, Tartar, and Lyme - - 25,003 — . — To pay Flag-pay - - - - 1,500 < — — ?£ X. dm 26,503 ' £ * d-

*9*5°3

June 23d. £ 49»3°7 5 8 1,000 — — 169,933 4 4 To received in Money at his Majesty’s Exchequer, out of the folio wing'Funds; viz. Advanced by the Bank of England for Exchequer Bills, on the Malt Duty, Anno 1732. Out of Arrears of the Malt Duty, Anno 1730,granted far the Service of the Year 173a. Out of Loans on the Salt Duty, Part of the Supplies; Anno 1732.

220,240 10 — For the Services under-mentioned; viz.

To pay all the Yards Two Quarters Pay, due Ehnfivus 173*;

On the Head of Ordinary - - 45,012 — — Wear and Tear - 41,596 — — 86^08 — — 36,938 1 27,401 10 — ,; . r - 1 4,k>TO —

On the JTead of Wear and Tear: To pay Two Months Course, due the 31st March 1709 On the Head of Ordinary: To pay a Quarter’s Salary to the Right honourable the Lords of the Admiralty, the Commissioners, and other Officers of the Navy, due 173* - 7>510 To pay a Quarter’s Pensions, due ditto tingq - - - 297 10 — To pay J a Year’s Half-pay to the Sea Officers, due the 30th Instant - 15,000 — — To pay \ a Year's Pension to superannu* ated Officers, $fc. due Midsummer 173a - 4.594

Qu th^ftpad of Wages: To pay Two Months Adyanpe and Condu61-money to Men now entering- - - 9,000 — — To pay Two Months in Six to Ships in Sea Pay -r 3,000 — — To pay Bills of Exchange drawn on the Sicka^ Hurt Office -- - 5°° — " To pay a Quarter's Allowance to the Earl of Peterborough, as General of his Majesty’s, Marine Forpes, due ! Midsummer 1 ^32 - - - - 91°" i

On the Head of Victualling: tTo pay Two Months Course, duo 31st March 1729 - " 47>J4* To pay the Coopers, Labourers, «c. 1 Two Quartern Pay. due Chnpnas !73i 4*549-? — - To pay Bills of Exchange - - . -» >. To pay Necessary-monoy and Contingencies " "* m 3,000:, — — * 10 ’' 11 . r> 1. - :. r i

July 24th. To received at ditto, ih Money, out of Arrears of the Malt Duty , Amp> 1730, Part of the Supplies, Anno 1732, ' the Sum of £. 1,268. gr. 6d, for thoiServieesi uadlerr mentioned ;: viz. On the Head of Wear and Tear: To pay to Arthur EUis, Mhfter of the Ship Dorset', for transporting Soldiers from Jamaica to Ireland' On the Head of Wages: To pay the Company of his Hulk/ the i amptoaAocihe December 1 - - -: 55;*»3 — - — 220,240 10 — - i I,2ft8 9 6

r t, 4*4 9. 6 1 t 854 'J i

6 Geo. II.

8° Februarii.

Time.

28th.

Augtifi 4tH*

Ditto.

Ditto 22d.

fj&ober 6th.

3i-

Vou

SERVICES.

To received at his Majesty’s Exchequer, in Money advanced by the Bank of England, for Exchequer Bills charged on the Malt Duty, Anno 1732, the Sum of £. 6,586. for the Services under-mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay Imprefts* and Bills of Exchange t

On the Head of Wages:

To pay of his Majesty’s Ship the Blandfurd - -

To received at ditto, in Money, out of the following Funds; viz.

16,782 17 6£ Out of Exchequer Bills on the Malt

Duty, Anno 1732,

1*031 10 6 Out of Arrears of the Malt Duty, Anno

1730, granted for the Service of the Year 1732.

15*85 i* *i Advanced by the Bank for Exchequer Bills charged on the Land Tax, Anno

*732

33,000 — — For the Services under-mentioned:

On the Head of Wages:

s. d.

Towards paying off his Majesty’s Ships Lowejtcffe, Fox, Greyhound, and Sole-bay, as also towards reducing the Guardships to their former Complements -

To pay off his Majesty’s Ships Pearl and

Rye, and other contingent Services - 10,000 -

- 20,000-----

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay Imprefts, a ml Bills of Exchange - -

On the Head of Victualling:

To pay Necessary-money and Contingencies

To received at ditto, in Money advanced by the Bank of England, for Exchequer Bills charged on the Land Tax, Anno 1732, the Sum of £.18,380. 10 — for the Serv ices under-mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Ordinary:

To pay a Quarter’s Salary to the Right honourable the Lords of the Admiralty, the Commissioners, and other Officers of the Navy, due Michaelmas

1731 - % - - - - 7,800 -

To pay a Quarter’s Pensions, due ditto

time ----- 297 10 —

On the Head of Wages:

To pay a Quarter’s Allowance to the Right honourable the Earl of Peterborough, as General of his

Marine Forces, due Michaelmas 1732 For paying his Majesty’s Ship the Falmouth ----- For paying Flag-pay -

970-----

8,113 —

1,200 —

To received at his Majesty’s Exchequer, in Money advanced by the Bank of England, for Exchequer Bills on the Salt Duty, Part of the Supplies, Anno 1732, the Sum of £. 34,168. for the Services under mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

£. s. d.

To pay One Month’s Course, due the 30th April 1729 -

To pay Imprefts, and Bills of Exchange To pay Mr. Tobias Jewen, Matter of the Chandos Sloop, for bringing Part of his Majesty’s Baggage from Holland

12,537 — 3,000 —

too — —

33

Sums.

1,000-----

5,586 ,-----

30,000-----

2.000 -

1.000 — —

8,097 10 —

10,283-----

*5>637-----

TOTAL.

£ . s . d.

6,586 —

33,000 — -

18,380 10

54 8® Feiruarii. A. 1732

lime. SERVICES. Sums. T 0 T A L.

On the Head of Wages: To pay Bills of Exchange drawn on the Sick and Hurt Office ----- £ - d-1,000 £. s. d.

On the Head of Victualling: To pay One Month’s Course, due the 30th April 1729 - 17.531 34,168

December 14th. To received at ditto, in Money advanced by the Bank of England, for Exchequer Bills charged on the Land Tax, Anno 1732, the Sum off. 1,000, for the Service undermentioned; viz.

23d. On the Head of Victualling: To pay Necetrary-money and Contingencies To received at ditto, in Money arisen by the Sale of the late Mr. Hampden's Estate, in further Discharge of the said Mr. Hampden's Debt, to be applied to the Head of Wages - - - - 1,000 — — 767 14 -A

The Sum total is Six hundred eleven thousand and Forty-nine Pounds Nine Shillings and Seven Pence^ £' 6l!.°49 9 7

Torrington.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Punching A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and ' Mutiny and for the better Payment of the Army, and their eertion. Quarters; was reld a Second time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Turfday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ways Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported and M«ans. the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was

referred to confnter of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the Fifth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to the Twenty-fourth Day of Jtine 1733, be further continued and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall he made or impovted, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the twenty-third day of June 1 733 to the twenty-fourth day of June 1734.

The said Kefoltition, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir William Yonge, Mr. Clay fan, Mv.Scrope, and Mr. Edward Walpole, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

York A Petition of the Proprietors of the Stock of the

Bui Mings Governor and Company for raising the Thames Water, Company, in York Buildings, assembled in their General Court held at their House in WincheJkr-street, the Twelfth Day of January 11732, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, for carrying on the Water-works of the said Company, and for purchasing several forfeited Estates in England and Scotland, as well as for undertaking and managing several Mines, and other Works and 1 rade, in Scotland, for the Benefit of the said Company, several hundred thousand Pounds were raised, and paid in, by the Proprietors of 22

Stock in the said Company; all or thegreafefl Part of which Money hath been embezzled and misapplied by the Frauds, and notorious Mi (behaviour, of the present Governor of the said Company, and others, who are, or have been, entrusted with the Management of the Affairs thereof, and their Agents; by which all the Petitioners are become groat Sufferers, and many of them reduced to the utmost Poverty and Distress: And that, though the Petitioners have already discovered many of the said Frauds, yet they are unable fully to discover all the Persons concerned therein, or to obtain a Redress of their Grievances, without the Assistance of th is House; many of the Servants and Officers of the said Company being so far under the Influence of the present Governor, that the Petitioners have not been able to prevail on them to disclose such Ci ream Ranees of the said Frauds as they are acquainted with; and most of the Books of the Corporation, from whence any Light might be obtained therein, being either secreted or kept, and made up* on purpose to prevent a Discovery: And therefore, humbly hoping, That the House, taking into Consuleration the extraordinary Circumstances of their Cafe, ami how far Credit in general may be assessed, if such prodigious Embezzlements, and such inanifeft Violations of Trust, should go unpunished, will inquire into the State of the said Corporation, and the Conduct of those who have, or have had, the Management of their Affairs; and give inch Relief to the Petitioners as to the House shall seem meet,

Resolved, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee.

Resolved, That the Number of the said Committee be Thirteen,

Resolved, That the said Committee be chosen by way of Balloting.

Ordered, That the Members of the House do, upon Tuesday next, at Twelve of the Clock, prepare Lifts, to be put into Glafies, of Thirteen Persons Names, to be the said Committee,

The other4 Order of the Day, for the House to resolve Offices and itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons, who, through Ignorance of Law, have omitted to qualify themselves for Employments or OfTices, by taking the Oaths, and making and subscribing the Declaration against Transubllantiation, and receiving the Sacrament, and allowing them further Time for that Purpose, being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned tHl Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

6 Geo. II. 90

Veneris, q6 die Februarii;

Anno 6° Georgii II" Regis, 1731.

Prayers.

Derby P.egif- A PETITION of the Justices of the Peace, Gen-VyofDtxAs, ii tlemen, and Freeholders of the County of Derby, ki. assembled and met at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at Baketvell, in and for the said County, on Tueflay the Eleventh Day of July, in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, and in the Year of our Lord 1732, and at other publick Places and Times, convened within the same County, for the Signing thereof, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Lands and Tenements, in the said County, being generally freehold, the Purchases and Mortgages thereof, and other Securities on Land, are rendered extremely dangerous and uncertain, by prior and secret Conveyances, and fraudulent Incumbrances, affecting tire fame, made frequently by ill-disposed Persons; which Inconvenience hath been remedied in the Counties of York&m\ Middlesex, by the Regift ry of Memorials of Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, Judgments, Statutes, and Recognizances, affecting Lands: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Registry of Memorials of Deeds, &Y. within the said County of Derby, in such Form and Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House iliallfeem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Nathanael Ctirzon, Sir George Beaumont, and Mr.

[ Plumptre, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

1

[. Sir Charles Turner presented to the House, according

W«on to Order, a Bill for continuing the D ^ies upon Malt, Hkc. Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of I the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-three:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second time.

(table A Petition of John Thom fan, on behalf of John Thom-' Corporation; son, his Son, late Warehouse-keeper of the charitable Time for Ap* Corporation for Relief of indufirions Poor, by assisting Sak ^lem "'iR* Crna.Il Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by an Act passed in the lad Session of Parliament, the Petitioner’s said Son was required to appear before either House of Parliament, or a Committee of either House, on or before the Thirtieth Da y of March 1732;

' and on or before the Fourth Day of'April following, to

i surrender 1* mfeJf to the Com mi (lionet's, hi a Commission

| of Bankruptcy awarded against him, under the Pain of

I Felony, without Benefit of Clergy; but that he, being

I in remote Parts beyond the Seas, at the time when the

I said Act passed, could not possibly be informed of the

I Contents of the said Act, and appear and surrender

I himself at the times therein limited; and that he is de-

I firous of returning to his native Country, and to submit

I himself to the Pleasure of this House; and has informed

I the Petitioner, that he is able to assist the said Corpora-

I tion, and to make such Discoveries on their Behalf, as

I will be very beneficial to them; and that he is ready

j I and willing to give up all he has to the said Corporation;

’> I and hopes that he may have an Enlargement of the time,

I limited by the said Act, for his appearing and surrender-

I ing himself; and a Protection from Molellation and

I Arrests, for a certain time, in order to settle his Affairs;

I and also some Allowance for his Subsistence out of the

I EtTeds he shall give up to, pr procure for, the said Cor-

I poiafion: And therefore praying, on the Behalf of his

I said Son, That the House will be pleased to inlarge the

I Time for his said Son to appear and surrender himself;

I and that he may, for a certain time, be free from Mo*

I legation and Arrests, and have such an Allowance out

I Vql.

of the Effects which he shall discover, or such other Relief, as to the House shall seem reasonable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Sandys and Lord Limerick, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Constables, Over- Old-fWt seers of the Poor, and other principal Inhabitants of that Church MU Part of the Parish of St.Giles Cripplegate, as lies in the County of Middlesex, and always called, or known by, the Lordship Part of the said Parish, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitant s thereof, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Commissioners, appointed for building the Fifty new Churches, have built a new Chinch near Old-street, in the Lordship Part of the said Parish, which is now fit for Consecration, and the Celebration of Divine Service, and have appointed a District for the fame; but not having Money, remaining in their Hands, sufficient to answer the Charges of walling in the said Church and Church-yard; and of building an House for the Minister of the said Church, refuse to comply with the Re-quell of the Petitioners made t o them for that Purpose, unless, by the Assistance of this Hotife, they may be empowered to appropriate, for that Purpose, Part of the Money in their Hands, which, by an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, is directed to be appropriated for the due' Maintenance of the Ministers to attend the Service of God in the said new Churches; That the Lordship Part of the said Parish being very remote from the old Parish Church, there is no Place of public Worship to which the Petitioners can at present resort, except One Tabernacle not able to contain One-tenth Part of the many Inhabitants of the said Lordship Part of the said Parish; for which Ileafon the Petitioners are desirous of obtaining an Endowment of the said new Church, by such Ways and Means as to the House shall seem meet:

And therefore praying, That a Bill may be brought in for the Purposes aforesaid; and for empowering the said Commissioners to appropriate so much of the Money, in their Hands, which is, by the said Act, directed to be appropriated and applied for the Maintenance of the Ministers to attend the Service of God in the said new Churches, as will he sufficient to answer the Charge of walling in the said Church and Church-yard, and erecting an House for the Habitation of the Minister of the said Church; and also fer making the said Lordship Part of the said Parish of St.Giles, Cripplegate, a distinct Parish, separate from the old Parish.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the IToufe:

And it is referred to Mr. Hubert Ilucks, Mr. More,

Mr. Tower, Mr. Andrewes, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Keif all, Mr. Croffc, Mr. Martyn, Mr.

Iniven, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Holland, Mr. Laroche, Mr. I/mgueville, Sir A bra. Elton, Mr. Foley, Mr. Scawen,

Mr. Selicyn, Sir Thomas Saunderson, Sir Edmund Bacon

Mr. Vincent, Mr. Tufnell, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr.

Gould, Sir Nathanael Curzony Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Bacon,

Mr Lawson % Sir Thomas AJion, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Legh Master. Sir James Grant y Sir Roger Bradshaighy Sir James Campbell, Lord Cole rain, Mr. Woollaston, Mr. Yorke, Sir Nicolas Williams, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Phillips, Major Set-zvyn, Mr. Finery Mr. Edwards, Mr. Rode, Mr. Gybbon,

Mr. Packer, Mr. I.ockyer; and all the Members that serve for the County of Middlesex, and the City of l*on don: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Answer t* Address of Wednesday last, That his Majesty would be Addre.'i. graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that the several Lilts and Accounts, therein

mentioned.

x6 90 — 12° Februarii. A.1732.

mentioned, might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Diregions to the proper Officers to lay the same before this House.

Disabling A Bill for making more effectual the Laws, in being, Persons hav- for disabling Persons from being chosen Members of, or fronTbHrt08 or vot*ng in> the House of Commons, who have

Membe^ any Pension during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, or any Offices held, iii Trust, for them* was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* upon the said Bill

Supply. The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read 5

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1733* be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar % for the Year 1733, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Services incurred. Anno 1732; and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the HoUie will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received, upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday r Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year

1733.

And he acquainted the House, that he had received Half-pay

his Majesty’s Commands to Jay before this House a widow*. Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines, who died upon the Establishment of Half-pay, in Great Britain; and who were married to them before the 25 th Day of December 1716; with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1733.

And he presented the said Lift to the House accordingly.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lifts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of Paul V Hospital was prefertted to the L’Hospital^ House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner tyas Nat; born out of his Majesty^ Allegiance; but bath always professed the Protestant Religion, and given good TestiV mony of his Loyalty to his Majesty: And praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That it be an inftniction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to bring in a Bill for naturalizing Just us Gerhard, That they do insert the Name of Paul L Hospital in the said Bill.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Welfoourne for inclosing several large Common Fields, within the Haitings, &c. Pari (lies of Welshourne IJaJlings, and Nezvbold Pacy, in uc ° ur*’ the County of Warwick, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bromley,

Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sel-zoyn, Sir Wtn. Keyte, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Plumer, Mr.

Lezvis, Lord Morpeth, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Walcott,

Mr. Middleton, Mr. Lifter, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Roivney, Mr.

Yorke, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Master, Sir Abraham Elton,

Mr. Packer, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Kemp, Mr. Byng,

Mr. Child, Mr. Waller, Sir Orl. Bridgman, Sir John St.

Aubin, Mr. Digby, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Adolphus Oughton, Sir Wilfrid Laxvfon, Sir Geo. Dozening, Sir John Barnard, Lord Malpas, Sir James Campbell, Mr.

Hedworih, Mr. Longueville, Sir Thomas Aston, Mr.

Heathcote, Mr. Townshend, Col. Selwyn, Mr. Chulmlcy,

Turner; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Warwick, Gloucester, Oxford, and Worcester:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lun#) 12° die Februarii;

Anno 6° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1732.

Prayer*.

Dun A/TR. Gregory presented to the House, according to Navigation. l\JL Order, a Bill to explain and amend Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Twelfth, and the other in the Thirteenth, Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for making navigable the River Dun, in the County of York; and for the better perfecting and maintaining the said Navigation and for uniting the several Undertakers into One Company: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Half-pay The House being informed, that Mr. Arnold, from

Officers, tlle Secretary at War’s Office, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to ttye House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, a List of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, entitled to receive Half-pay, in Great Britain,

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, repotted from Supply, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Plate; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Sixty-four thousand Eight hundred Thirty-five Pounds Eight Shillings and One Peny Halfpeny, be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar; and for Provisions for the Garnfons at Annapolis Royal,

Canso, Placentia, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1733.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand Two hundred Fifty-six Pounds Eight Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying several extraordinary Expences and Services incurred in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty two; 1 and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That

s.

37

6 Geo. II. i a° — 130 Februarii.

That a Snip, not exceed in g Twenty -five thousand One hundred Twenty-eight Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to lii.s Majesty, upon Account, for Out Pensioners of Clteffea Hospital, for the Year 1733.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten ihotifand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards the Support of the Royal ilospital el Greenwich, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out, and become decrepid, in the Service of their Country.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Supply Bill; A Bill for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, imtifion Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Milt, &c. England; and for grautingto his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-three, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refitted, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Way* and The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve it-Ideans. self into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Refined, That thi* House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Offices and The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Employ- whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who, "*Dtl’ through Ignorance of Law, have omitted to qualify tliemfelve* for Employments, or Offices, by taking the Oaths, and making and subscribing th^ Declaration against Transubfiantiation, and receiving the Sacrament, and allowing them further time for that Purpose.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rudge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr. Rudge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Difahiinj Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of frrfon*in?, the whole iloufe, upon the Bill for making more effec-frlfm^ben0^5 in l)e‘ng» fordifabling Persons from be-

hitaibt^ ingchofen Members of, or fitting or voting in, the House of Commons, who have any Pension during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, or any Offices held in Trust for them.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Edward Stanley took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Edward Stanley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received on Thursday Morning next.

And then the Koufe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vo 1. 22.

Mortis, 13 ’ die Februarii;

Anno 6* Geobii II'1 Regis, 1731.

Prayers.

QR D E RF, D, That the proper Officer do lay he- Sinking fore this House, an Acccountof what Monies are Fumi* now remaining in the Exchequer, of the Produce of the Sinking Fund, disposeable by Parliament

Mr. Rudge, according to Order, reported from the Offices and Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to in- Employ-demnify Persons, who, through Ignorance of Law, have meilt8* omitted to qualify themselves for Employments, or Offices, by taking the Oaths, and making and subscribing the Declaration againstTransubstantiation, and receiving the Sacrament; and allowing them further time for that Purpose; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; arid then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen of the Grand Jury, Juf- Proceeding* tices of the Peace, and other Gentlemen and Inhabi- of Kcdefiaf-tants, now or late of the County of Derby, andelfewhere, tical Court*, in the Diocese of Coventry and Litchfield, signed at the Assizes at Derby the Twelfth Day of August, and at other Places and Times since, Anno Domini 1752, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Grievances occasioned by the Administration of ecclesiastical Jurisdiction, within the said Diocese; and particularly by the Substitution of Surrogates, not duly qualified, who grant Licences for Marriages, contrary to the Canons of the Church of England, to the Ruin, or the Inconvenience, of many Families, by issuing illegal Pro-ceffes, by illegal Visitations, by the Exaction of illegal , and unusual Payments and Fees, by expensive and vexatious Delays, and other oppressive Practices, used in the Episcopal Consistory Court of Litchfield, under the Con-dust of the Judge thereof, deputed by the Chancellor of the said Diocese, in his Absence, and other Officers of the said Court, to the great Prejudice of the Suitors thereof: And therefore praying the House, in order to redress the said Grievances, to take the same into Consideration, and to provide such effectual Remedy for the fame, as shall moil conduce to the publick Good of the said Diocese, and as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Legh MaJler, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. LawJ'on, Lord Tyrconnel,

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Tower, Mr. Sandys9 Sir John Rushout, Mr. Earle, Lord Malpas, Mr. WoU laftun, Lord Gage, Colonel Campbell\ Mr. Henry Finch,

General Sutton, Mr. Leheup, Siv John Barnard, Dr. Lee,

Mr. Crofje, Dr. Clarke, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Yorke, Mr. An-nejley, Mr. Farfons, Sir John Hind Cotton, Sir James Grant, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Selivyn, Mr. Compton, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Williams, Mr. Bramston, Sir Wilfrid Law[on, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Gyb-bon, Sir Edward Stanley, Lord Limerick, Mr. Vernon,

Mr. Vincent, Sir Thomas Aston, Mr. Campbell, Sir John Norris, Sir Archer Croft, Mr. Waller, Lord Morpeth,

Sir Robert Kempe, Sir Wm. Clayton, General Wade, Sir George Cafiaall, Captain Evans, Mr. Reynell, Mr.

M after, Mr Shippen, Mr. Harley, Mr. Keif all. Colonel Berkeley, Sir John Williams, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Wm.

Courtenay, Mr. Winford, Mr. Wortley, Mr. Gower,

L Mr.

Discussions with Spain.

Privilege.

Motion for Orders of the Day.

Call of the House.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

York

Buildings

Company.

38 13-14°

Mr. Walpole, Mr. Scrope, Mv. Conduit, Mr. Andrews,

Sir Wm. Ycnge, Sir Char/es Turner, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Budge, Mr. Long item'lie, Colonel Read, Mr. Whitworth,

Sir James Campbell, Mr. Walker, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Fane,

Sir Jujlinian I/ham, Sir John Bruce, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Thomas Loivther, Mr. Finch, Si r Jeremy Vanacker Sambroke, Sir JFw. Wentworth, Mr. Chaffin, Mr. Baihurst, Mr. silling ton, Mr. Chetwynd; and all the Members that servefor the Counties of Derby, Stafford, and Warwick And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all that come lire to have Voices; and the Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, That there may be laid before this House, Copies of the Reports made by his Majesty’s Commis-faries in Spain, together with all Letters and Papers relating thereto; and what Satisfaction has been made to the Subjects of Great Britain for the Lodes they sustained by the Depredations of the Spa?iiards in Europe, or in the Indies, pursuant to the Second separate Article of the Treaty of Peace, Union, Friendship, and mutual Defence, between the Crowns of Great Britain, France, and Spain, concluded at Seville on the gth of November 1729.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

CompIainLbeing made to the House, That Thomas Mitchener, John Sanderson, and IJdac Davos, with the Advice and Assistance of Walter Gibbon, an Attorney, did, in a forcible Manner, enter the House of William East Esquire, a Member of this House, in Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the other Orders of the Day be now read.

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

f" <* Ye,s, [ M} ’97-

Tellers for l!ie Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Sevennight, the 20th of this Indant February.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters, being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thur/'day Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Members to prepare Lifts, to be put into Glasses, of Thirteen Persons Names, to be the Committee to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Stock of the Governor and Company for raising the Thames Water, in York’buildings, assembled m their General Court, held at their I louse in Winchesterjlrect, the Twelfth Day of January 1732, is referred.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go with the Mace into Westminster-hall, and into the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members th$re to attend the Service of the House:

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned j

Februarii. A. 1732.

The Clerk, and Clerk Assistnnt, went on each Side the House, with Glades, to receive? from the Members the Lists of Persons Names to be the said Committee:

And the Lifts being received, were brought up to the Table.

Ordered, ThataC )mmittee be appointed to examine the said Lifts; and report to the House upon which Thirteen Persons the Majority falls:

And it is referred to Lord Malpas, Mr. Winnington, Sir Wm, Yonge, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Andrews, Sir Harry Gough, Mr. Walker, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Fitzroy, Captain Purvis; Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. East, Mr. Earl, Mr. Holland, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Scazven, Mr. Fane, Mr. Douglas, Sir George Cajwall, Colonel Mordaunt, Sir Thomas Aston, Mr. St. Quinfin, Colonel Cholmondeley, Mr. Bladen, Sir Thomas Frankland\ Mr. CriJ'pe, Mr. Keif all, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Brqokjbank, Mr. Dig by, Mr. Hacks, Sir Thomas Abdy, Mr. Pearfe, Mr Cholmondeley, Mr. Wm. Rawlinjbn Earle: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 140 die Februarii;

Anno 6° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1732. Prayers.

MR. Holland presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to naturalize Jufus Gerhard and Paul 1J Hof pit al: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlefer, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in the Year 1732, the Church of the said Parish becoming ruinous and irreparable, the Parishioners, who are very numerous, were obliged to aflernble, for Divine Service, in a finall, flight, Timber Tabernacle, built by the voluntary Contributions of some of the Petitioners: That, loon after the Erection of the said Tabernacle, the Steeple and Roof of the said Church fell down; and that, towards rebuilding the said Church and Steeple, and making the said Church commodious, about the Sum of Five hundred and Fifty Pounds hath been subscribed; but that the Petitioners are unable to raise the Sum required for that Purpose, amounting to Three thousand Pounds, and upwards, the said Parish, of which the Town of Old Brentford is Part, being burdened with many Poor; and many Houses, in the said Parish, which were formerly inhabited by Gentlemen, now being untenanted: And therefore, in regard, that, in the said Town of OldBrentford, several thousand Chaldron of Coals, after Payment of the Duties at the Port of London, are annually landed, and there, and in other Parts of the said Parish, consumed, praying, That some Provision may be made for rebuilding the said Church and Steeple, out of the Money appointed for building or endowing the Fifty new Churches, or that such other Relief may be given to the Petitioners, as the House shall think fit.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee.

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America.

Lord

Gerhard’*, &c. Nat.

Eating

Church-

Su

Colo

6 Geo. II. 140 — 150 . 39

yor^ Lord Malpas reported from the Committee who were Buil.iings appointed to examine the Lists of Thirteen Persons Cumpany. Names to he the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Stock of the Governor and Company for raising the Thames Water, in York-buildings, assembled in their General Court, held at their House in // inchcfltr-fireef, the Twelfth Day of January 1732, is referred; and to report to the House upon which Thirteen Persons the Majority falls; That they had examined the same accordingly; and that the Majority had fallen upon the Persons following; viz.

Sir Wilfrid Lawson Baronet - - - 202

John Plumptre Esquire - - - - 201

Phillips Gyhbon Esquire - 200

Thomas Clutter buck Esquire - - *199

Lord Viscount Limerick - - - - 198

George Heathcole Esquire - - 197

John Knight Esquire - - - 195

Robert More Esquire - - - - x95

George Lyddell Esquire - - - *194

William Burton Esquire - - 194

Hugh Williams Esquire - - - -194

Sir Edward Stanley Baronet - - - 194

Thomas Tower Esquire - 194

And that it happened, that, upon One Lift, there was mentioned only Mr. Tower; and a Question arising thereupon, whether it might not be understood to mean another Mr. Tower, there being two of the Name in the House, the Committee agreed to set a Quaere upon the Number; and ordered the Fact to be reported to the House; and that the House should be acquainted, That that Vote is included in the One hundred and Ninety-four, that is now upon the Lift for Thomas Tower Esquire; and, in case that Vote is not allowed, there is tin Equality of Votes between the said Thomas Tower Esquire, Stephen Fox Esquire, and Henry Furneffe Esquire.

The Conclusion of the Report made the 1 ith of Feb-ruanj, in the last Session, from the Committee, who were appointed to examine the Lists of the Names of Twenty-one Persons proposed to be the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Charitable Corporation for the IMief of industrious Poor, by atlifting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, was referred; and to report to the House, upon which Twenty-one Persons the Majority should fall; being read;

Ordered, That the said Committee, or any Five of them, do meet at Five of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber: And have Power to adjourn from time to time, and from Place to Place, as they shall find.it convenient; and to report their Proceedings from time to time, to the House; and to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Dif|>oiition Mr. Wutkin Williams Wynne presented to the House, iilV'11 according to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and

1,1' ael* render more effectual, an Act made in the Seventh and

Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to take away the Custom of Wales, which hinders Persons from disposing their Personal Eftutes by their Wills: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Kingston Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

upon Hull the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electingaBnrgefs, to serve in this prefetit Parliament for the Town of Kingston upon Hull, in the Room of George Croide Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Town, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty’s Navy.

Laws Mr. Bramston presented to the House, according to

reptrftin* Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more

bli u.v effectual, the Laws relating to the Methods by which Persons are charged towards repairing the Highways; and to make the same more equal: And the same was received.

Vol. L2&<

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Supply Bril; into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and a ' c’ Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Englandt and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland for the Service of the Year 1733, being read:

Ordered, That it be an Infiruftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit*

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to direct, that the Deficiency which shall be, on the 25th of March 1733, of the Income of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1731, to satisfy Principal and Interest chargeable thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1733.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for giving further time for Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties, omitted to be paid, for their Indentures and Con t rafts.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 15® die Febr;

Anno 6* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1732*

Prayers.

A BILL to explain, amend, and render more Law* effectual, the Laws relating to the Methods by Which Persons are charged towards repairing the High-ways; and to make the same more equal, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Sugar House, an Account of what Sugars have been imported exPorte<L from the Plantations, and exported to foreign Parts for Five Years last pall, with the Amount of the Duties; and what remained after the Drawback was allowed.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of what raw Sugar has been exported out of England for Five Years last past, distinguishing each Year and Country.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of what refined Sugar has been exported out of England for Five Years last past, distin-guilliing each Year and Country.

Sir Edward Stanley> according to Order, reported Disabling from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the £avingPen- Bill for making more effectual the Laws in being, for fionifrom disabling Persons from being chosen Members of, or being Memfitting or voting in, the House of Commons, who bera* have any Pension during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, or any Offices held in Trust for them, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place 5 and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon

40

150 Februarii. A. 1732.

the Question Severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Endfield, A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Exe-fct. Roads, cutional Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, from the Parish of End-field, in the County of Middlesexf to the Town of Hertford^ and to the great Bridge in Ware, in the County of Hertford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of the several Inhabitants living in or near the same Road; was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the ruinous Condition of the said Roads obliged the Petitioners, on the Credit of the said Act, to borrow a considerable Sum of Money, which, together with the Tolls thereby granted, hath been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Act; but that the said Roads are ltd I very bad; and that the Sum of One thousand Pounds, and upwards, borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, is (till due; and that the Road leading from the great Bridge at Ware, to the South End of the great Bridge at Wadefmiil, in the Parish of Thundridge, in the said County; and also the Road leading from the great Road at Chefiiunt to the West End of Small Lea Bridge, in the Parish of Chefiiunt, in the said County; both which Roads join to the said Roads, directed to be repaired by the said former Act; are become so bad, that they cannot be effectually amended, iffome extraordinary Provision be not made for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former Act, so that the Repairs of the Roads, directed to be repaired by the said Act, may be completed, and the last mentioned Roads effectually amended, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Richard Plummer, Sir Thomas Sebright, Mr. Sambroke, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Monson, Sir Nicolas Williams, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Winnington, Sir John Hind Cotton, Lord Montrath, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Crosse, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Clutterbuck, Lord Malpas, Mr. Trehy, Mr. Heath-, cete, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Moore, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Nathanael Curzon, Lord Limerick, Mr. Williams, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Bevan, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Knight, Mr. Edxoards, Sir Edward Stanley, Lord Morpeth, Lord Gage, Alderman Peny, Mr. Vernon, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Packer, Sir John St. Aubin; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Hertford, Essex, Huntingdon, Cambridge, Lincoln, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber.

York Mr. Plumptre reported from the Committee, to whom

Buildings the Petition of the Proprietors of the Stock of the Go-

Company. vernor an(j Company for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, assembled in their General Court held at their House in Winchester-street, the Twelfth Day of January 1732, is referred, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to order the proper Officer to lay before this House, Copies of the Petition, References, Reports, and other Papers, relating to the Charter granted to the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, the Twenty-first day of October, in the Second Year of his Majesty’s Reign.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to order the proper Officer to lay before this House, Copies of the Petition, References, Reports, and other Papers, relating 20

to the Charter granted to the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, the Twenty-first of October, in the Second Year of his Majesty’s Reign.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Then Mr. Plumptre reported from the Committee to Vork whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Stock of the Governor and Company for raising the Thames Water °1 i>dn'

in York Buildings, assembled in their General Court held at their House in Winchester-street, the Twelfth Day of January 1732, is referred. That lie was directed by the Committee to move the House, That such Persons, as the Committee shall think proper to be examined relating to the Matter of their Inquiry, may be examined in the most solemn manner.

Ordered, That the said Committee be impowered to examine, in the most solemn Manner, inch Persons as they shall think proper to be examined upon the Subject Matter of their Inquiry.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this Provision for House, an Account, shewing how much of the Money Ministers of hath been applied, and to what particular Ministers and churches Churches, that wad granted, by an Act of Parliament, passed in the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for making Provision for the Ministers of Fifty new Churches, and what remains unapplied for the Disposition of Parliament.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from Supply Bill; the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Bunos on for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and a,t' c* Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland’, for the Service of the Year 1733; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Security of the better Security of the Possession of Land-owners, in I^and-owners Cafes of Proceedings by way of Ejectment: And that l a!es of Sir William Yonge, Mr. Earle. Mr. Wyndham, and Mr. EieeifncuL Bevan, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Committee, Proceedings to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen of the Grand of Eccl«-Jury, Justices of the Peace, and other Gentlemen and ,’astical Inhabitants, now or late of the County o\ Derby, and ourts# elsewhere, in the Diocese of Coventiy and Litchfield, signed at the Assizes at Dei by, the Twelfth Day of August, and at other Places and Times since. Anno Domini, 1732, is referred, that they do consider of the Abuses and Exactions of the ecclesiastical Courts in general, in England and Wales, and report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

An ingrossed Bill to indemnify Persons, who, through offices and Ignorance of Law, have omitted to qualify themselves Employ-for Employments or Offices, by taking the Oaths, and nients-making, and subscribing, the Declaration agaiuftTran-substantiation, and receiving the Sacrament; and allowing them further Time for that Purpose; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Employments, or Offices, by taking

the

Thame* l.aftage and Ballattage.

6 Geo. II. 150 Februariu 41

the Oaths, and making, and subscribing, the Dec 1aration againstTransubstantiation, and receiving the Sacrament; and allowing them further Time for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Lyttelton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

Mr. Wiimington reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Guild Fraternity, or Brotherhood, of the most glorious ainJ undivided Trinity, and of St, C/<?-meat, in the Parish of Deptford Stroud, in the County of Kent; and also the Petition of the Ballail-mcn, in behalf of themselves, and others, working on the River Thames; in number One hundred and Twenty; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; end he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House of the lft of Fe bruary instant, have examined the Matter of the First Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof.

The Petitioners laid before the Committee Two Charters; <n dated ihc 111 h Day of June, in the 36th Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth; the other dated the 24th Dav of Jum\ in the iyth Year of the Reign of King Char les l lie Second.

By the First of these Charters, which recites, among other Things, That Charles Lord Howard, B iron of FJ-f noham, and Great Admiral of England, had, by Ins Deed ini oiled, surrendered the Office of La ft age and Ballaftnge of all Ships and Ycflels in the River ot Thames to the said Queen, and had be fought her to grant the same to the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, they are entitled to the Office of I aftage and Ballast age of all manner of Ships and Vessels in the said River, betwixt the Bridge of the City of London and the main Sea.

By the other Charter, tin* Soil, Gravel, and Sand, of the said River, and the foie Right of {'applying all Ships and Vessels therein with Ballad, at the Rates and Prices acctifiomed, were vested in the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, and their Successors.

Then, to prove the other Allegations of the said Petition, the following Witurtles were examined; viz.

Captain John Fell, Captain JoJ'cph Kell, and Captain John Burford, all Mailers of Ships: Who severally said, That they had navigated the River of Thames, one of them for Fifty-five, and the other, two for Sixty Years; during which Time, the nfual Prices paid for Ballast have been Nine Pence per Ton, by all Masters of Ships employed in the Coal Trade, and Twelve Pence per Ton, by the Masters of all other British Ships.

Mr. John lleup said. That he had been a Husband, a Term which signifies a Broker, to several foreign Ships: That the Masters of such Ships usually paid for Ballast Sixteen Pence per Ton.

This Evidence was confirmed by Captain John Burford.

Captain Kell added further. That, for several Years last past, the Ballast-men never delivered above Ten or Twelve hundred Weight of Ballast fora 1'on.

JchnAuJl and Robert Boatjivain, Rulers of the Ballast Office, laid, That the Number of Ballast Lighters constantly employed by the Corporation of Trinity-Jioufe, during the whole Year, is Sixty, and the Number of Men in them 120; who are directed to work upon such Shelves in the River of Thames as can with the lealt Difficulty be taken up, and are mod. dangerous and obfiruftive to the Navigation of the said River:

That for taking up Badaft each Man is allowed Two Pence per 'Foil, and the Owner of every Lighter Two Pence per Ton , and that, by these means, many Obstructions to the Navigation of the River are removed; and that there is now, in several Places, 15 Feet Depth

Vol. 22.

of Water, for 300 Sail of Ships to lie, where formerly the Depth was but Three Feet.

Jeremiah Long said, Tl^t, on both Sides the River, from the Custom-house downwards, in several Places, the Water is now 13 Feet deep, where the Depth was but Four Feet formerly.

As to the Application of the net Produce of the Revenue of the Ballad Office,

Mr. John Whormby, Secretary to the Corporation of Trinity-house, was examined: Who said. That the clear Profits of that Office are paid to him by the Cashier; and that the Examinant pays it towards the Relief of the Poor maintained in Ninety-three Almf-houses, and Out-pensioners, in all One thousand Nine hundred, being decayed Seamen, their Widows and Orphans: That the whole Revenue appropriated to this Charity, and of which the Profits of the said Office are Part, amounts to upwards of £. 400 per Month.

Mr. John Gould (borough, Predeceffior to Mr. Whormby, confirmed his Evidence, as to the Application of the Money during the time he was Secretary to the said Corporation.

To prove the Endeavours of the Petitioners to prevent Frauds and Abuses in delivering short Tonage of Ballast,

Captain Burford was examined: Who said, That he never could obtain full Tonage of Ballast to be delivered to him by the Ballast-men; but that, upon Application to the Trinity-house, he always had Satisfaction from them, either by receiving an additional Quantity of Ballast, or Part of his Money, in proportion to the Deficiency.

John Aujl likewise said, That whenever Complaints were made to the Corporation of Trinity-house, of short Tonage of Ballast, by any Masters of Ships, they always obtained Satisfaction, either in Money or Ballast.

Mr. Whormby then produced a Table of Rules, made by the said Corporation, and signed by him; which Table contains Directions where Ballast shall be taken up, what Lighters shall be employed, and how marked, to prevent Frauds; and at what Prices Ballast shall be delivered; with several other Directions for preventing and redressing Abuses:

He likewise produced Three of the London Gazettes, the First dated the 24th of July 1731, the Second the 23d of May, and the lait the 14th of November 1732; in the Two first of which, the said Corporation have pub-liffied Advertisements, giving Notice to all Masters of Ships toobserve the Marks of the Ballast Lighters, wh.cn they come and return from the Ships Sides; and directing them where to apply for Red refs of any Abuses; and, in the last, an Advertisement is published, mentioning the Prices for Delivery of Ballast, forbidding Persons to exact any further Payment, and inviting all Persons who are willing to be employed in the Ballast Service, to apply to the Office for that Purpose.

Mr. John Willis, Clerk to the Ballast Office, being called, produced One of the printed Receipts, which, he said, are always given to Masters of Ships, when they pay for Ballalt, at the Office; in which Receipts, the Marks of the Lighters are described, and Directions are given to Masters of Ships, how they may discover Frauds, and where to apply upon such Occasions for Redrels.

John Aujl, being again examined, said, That, about Midsummer last, the Ballast-men entered into a Combination not to work, unless they were paid Three Pence per Ton more; since which Time, several Masters of Ships have willingly paid it, and received fuller Tonage than before: That this additional 3d. per Ton the Ballast-men receive clear to themselves, no Part of it being brought to Account:

And the Examinant said further, That Two Ballast-men being ordered to deliver Ballast on Board the Ship of one Captain Friend, they demanded of the Captain the additional Price, and, upon his refusing to pay it, carried the Ballast back again; whereupon Complaint

M was

42 150 Februarii. 1732*

Thames was made to the Corporation, Who immediately gave and Orders for Delivery of the said Ballad, at the usual Bate; a d age* but the Two Baliaft-men not complying with Inch Or* der. the Examinant, and Robert Boatswain, carried the Ballad, in a Lighter, to the Ship; and when the Cap. tain was about to take it 011 board, the said Two Men, and others, to the Number of Twenty, came up, in a riotous manner, forced the Ship’s Crew out of the Lighter, and went off with the Ballad.

Captain Cornelius Macnamar a, being examined, said. That, of late, he has been obliged to pay Three Pence per Ton for Ballad above the usual Rates: And he produced a Receipt, signed by one Cole, for Money paid him by the Examinant, for Ballad, above what he paid in the Office; which Receipt is in the following Words: " Received, the 9th of August 1732, of Cornelius " Macnamara, the Sum of Six Shillings and Three " Pence, over and above what he hath paid in the Office, by reason I would not deliver him the Ballad on u board his Ship the Eltham Gallx/, upon no other w Terms. As Witness my Hand,

" John Cole."

The Petitioners then laid before the Committee, a Subscription, made, iand signed, by several Maders of Ships; and called

Thomas Pardo and Wm. Martin: Who proved the Signing thereof by above Thirty of the said Maders: And the said Subscription mentions, by way of Recital, That the Taking of Ballad out of the River Thames is much more difficult than it was heretofore, and is attended with greater Expence; and that they the said Maders thought it reasonable to allow 3d. per Ton above the usual Price, for the Use of the Ballad-men, and Lighters; and therefore Were willing* and had agreed, to advance the Price accordingly, provided the Ballad-men might be put under Regulation of the Corporation of Trinity-house to deliver full Tonnage.

Captain Kell being again called, and the Subscription ftiewn to him, he owned his Signing of it; and that he thought it a reasonable Demand, having, since he paid that Price, always received full Tonage of Baliaft.

Mr Whormby, being examined in relation to Money given for Relief of poor Seamen, and others, said, That, at Christmas lad, the Income of the Corporation falling short, and it being usual every Christmas to relieve such as are called accidental Poor, several of the Elder Brethren of Trinity-house raised among themselves, for that Purpose, a Contribution of Twenty Pounds, Ten Pounds, and Five Pounds, each, which, amounted, in the Whole, to a considerable Sum above^. 100.

The Committee then took into Consideration the Petition of the Ballad-men of the River Thames, referred to them, by Order of the House dated the 7th of February Indant:

And the Petitioners, to prove their Allegations, called the following Witnesses:

Robert Park: Who said, He had been a working Ballad-man on the River of Thames above Twenty Years: That the said River being now much deeper than it was formerly, the Ballad-men are obliged to go further down to take up Ballad; and that Four Men cannot now take up so much in OneDayas Two usually did heretofore: He further said, That, not being able otherwise to support themselves, they condantly demand for Ballad an additional Rate of 3d. per Ton; and that, even at that Rate, they can scarce earn Ten Shillings a Week: That all the Ballad which they take is out of the River; and that, in delivering of it, they are detained by the Maders of Ships so as often to lose a Day’s Work.

Thomas Pardor, Wm.Martin, and Robert Park, said. That Baliaft being now taken up lower down the River than it was heretofore, the Owners of Lighters are obliged to build them dronger, and to rig them with Masts and Sails.

John West, another working Ballad-man, said. That the Ballad-men mud lie under very great HaixWhips 22

and Oppression, Aould they be obliged to give full Tonage at the usual Rates: And

That the Owners of the Lighters have no Part of the additional Three Pence per Ton now paid by Maders of Ships.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Regulation of Ladage and Balladage in the River Thames: And that Mr. IVinning ton, Sir Charles Wager, Sir John Norris, and Captain Purvis, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Papists the allowing further Time for the Inrolment of Deeds De^iaa(1 and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protedatit 1 s' Purchasers and Lessees: And that Mr. Holland, and Sir Nathanael Curzon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Westminster Church of St.Peter, in Westminster, was presented to the Abbey. HoUfe, and read; setting forth. That, by Two A 61s of Parliament, one made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, and the other made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Ami'e, an annual Sum, for a certain Number of Years, out of the Duties on Coals, was applied towards repairing the said Collegiate Church, the said Church being left, in many Parts, unfinished, at the time of the Dissolution of the Monadery; and those Parts which had been edeemed to be completed, being, through Badness of Materials, and Length of Time, and from other accidental Mischiefs, become ruinous, there being no Provision of Fabrick Rents, or other Emoluments* to enable the said Dean and Chapter to complete or repair, the fame; and the Money set apart for those Uses being scarce sufficient to support the many other large and publick Buildings within their Precinct;, which they are obliged to keep up, and on which they have annually expended considerable Sums: That, by the Allowance of the said annual Sum, the said Dean and Chapter have been enabled to repair the most ruinous Parts of the said Collegiate Church; and to make good about Two-thirds of the whole Fabrick; but that the Term of the said Allowance is expired, and the Money arising therefrom has been all expended, and a great Part of the said Collegiate Church, with the Chapel of King Henry the Seventh, is dill in so ruinous a Condition, as not to be supported* without a further Supply granted by Parliament: And therefore hoping, That so great and good a Work, carried on, and so far advanced, by the Aid of former Parliaments, will, by the like Assistance, in the present auspicious Reign, be happily perfected; and that this venerable Pile will be edeemed a publick Concern; and be it length fmished according to its noble and in- tended Model.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That his Majesty, being informed of the Con* tents of the said Petition, had been pleased to command him to acquaint this House, That his Majesty recommends it to their Consideration, to make such Provision towards the Repairs of the said Collegiate Church, and for repairing and finishing other Buildings thereunto belonging, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The House, according to Order resolved itself into a pun Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Muti punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Andreivs took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Andrews reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered,

jy

6 Geo. II. 15° — 16° Pehruarii. 43

Ordered, That the Report bfe received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vienerisj 16* die Februarii;

Anno 6* Georgii IPJ Regis, 1732.

Prayers.

Si king JT'HE House being informed, that Mr. Chocke, *uud. \ from t|)e Exchequer, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Monies are now remaining in the Exchequer, of the Produce of the Siuking Fund, disposeable by Parliament. And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

And the said Account is as follows; viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Borgefles, in Parliament affetnbled;

An Account of what Monies are now remaining in the Exchequer, of the Produce of the Sinking Fund, disposeable by Parliament.

By the Surplus on the s*

Aggregate Fund at Christma? 173a, 245,705 3 —

General Fund at ditto - - - 192,207 2 10

South Sea Company’s Fund at ditto 24,220 11 2

tax upon Papilbs 196 19 2}

462,329 16 3

Alexander Chocke.

Exchequer, 16th February 1732.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Dun A Bill to explain and amend Two Acts of Parlia-Nafigttion. meat, one made in the Twelfth, and the other in the Thirteenth, Year of his late Majestys Reign, for making navigable the River Dun, in the County of York; and for the better perfecting and maintaining the said Navigation; and for uniting the several Undertakers into One Company; was read a Second time.

Rtfvlved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gregory, 'SU.Jessop, Mr. Turner, Lord Micklcthwaite, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Longueville, Sir Geo. Saville, Mr. Femcick, Mr. Griffith Colonel Onslow, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir John Cope, Mr. Treby, Mr. Daniel Campbell, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Inwen, Mr. Ingram, Sir Henry Hoghton, Mr. Fa ring ton, Mr. Waller Bacon, Mr. Thomas Ijtzvis, Mr. Ileathcote, Mr. Knight, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Sir Roger Brad/haigh, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Toner, Mr. Master, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Brook (bank, Mr. Williams, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Wortley, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Roivney, Mr. Holland, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Laiv/on, Sir James Grant, Sir John Baniard, S\v Geo. Duivning, Lord Limerick, Mr. Eduards, Sir Tho. Hales, Sir Wilfrid Laicfon, Sir Wm. Wen/zcorth, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Itudge, Sir Hennj Gough, Mr. Waller, Sir John Barrington, Lord Nod Somerset, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir Archer Croft; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of York, Derby, Lincoln, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

St.George’s ^Colonel Onslow reported from the Committee, to Church in whom the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Southwark. Overseers of the Poor, and other principal Inhabitants, of the ancient Parish of St. George the Martyr, in Southwark, in the County of Surry, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the Vol. 22.

said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame* as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House of the Sixth Instant, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition *.

And, to prove the Allegations of the fame, the Petitioners called the following Witnesses; viz.

Mr. William Leffdw, Mason, being examined, said. That he had surveyed the said Church, with several other Persons, and found the same to be in a very bad Condition, and in great Danger of falling; the Bases of the Columns being split, so that, if the Weight were taken off they would fall;

Mr. John Totvnfend said, That he had surveyed the said Church, as also the outside Walls, which are very much decayed, and hang over above a Foot; the Columns being split; so that the same is in great Danger of falling.

Mr. William Bridgersaid, That, when he WasChurch-warden in the Years 1717 and 1718, he laid out £.650 in repairing the said Church; and that the Parish is so poor at present, that they cannot possibly raise any Sum fuflioient to repair the fame.

Mr. William Hammond produced an Account from the Year 1715 to the Year 1729, which he ext rafted from the Parish Books; whereby it appeared, that£. 1,422 4s.

6\d. has been expended on the Repaiisof the said Church.

He also produced another Account, taken out of the Parish Bi>oks; whereby it appeared, that, in the Year 1696 there wire but 459 Persons rated to pay to the Poor, who paid no more than £-283 o n{d.; and that, in the Year 1729, 477 Persons were rated, and paid £.1,030 4*. id.; He further said, That, about Four Years ago, he paid but 6 s. 6d.; and that he now pays 19 s. 6 d.

Mr. Thomas Dunn said. That there are 1,345 House-holders in the said Parish; and that but 447 pay, the rest being incapable: That, since the Year 1727, there has been such au Increafeof Poor, that the Inhabitants are not able to build the said Church

Mr. William Hammond said, That there are Four Prisons in the said Parish; the King's Bench, Marshalsea, House of Correction, and the new County Gaol.

Mr. Henry Brown said, That the King's Bench, within" the Rules, takes up near Three fourths of the Parish j there being near Twelve hundred Houses within the Rules wherein many Prisoners inhabit, about Five hundred of which are lett at, or are worth, Ten Pounds, or upwards, per Annum.

Mr. James Clarke laid, That Daniel Want, Thomas Bishop, Benjamin Hodges, Christopher Rayns, and several others, have gained Settlements by taking Houses of Ten Pounds per Annum in the Rules, and are now chargeable to the Parish: That the other Prisons occasion a constant Charge, by Removals of the Families of Prisoners to their respective Settlements, and by the Deaths of some Prisoners; by means whereof some Families have been reduced to the Necessity of being maintained by the Parish.

Mr. Hemy Brown said. That, when he was Churchwarden, one John Fountain, in the County Gaol, who was ordered to be transported, left Four Children upon the Parish; which, by an Order, were removed to the Parish of Portsea, near Portsmouth; the Expence of which came to Five Pounds; and that the Parish has bet n subject to several Charges of the like Nature.

Mr. William Wakelyn said. That there are about Four hundred Houses empty in the said Parish.

Mr. Thomas Lamb said, That, upon a strict Inquiry, he finds, that there are consumed in the said Parish, in One Year, about Six thousand Chaldron of Coals.

Mr. Thomas Woolridge said. That he is Bailiff of the Borough of Southwark, which Office lie holds by Grant from Hie Lord Mayor of the City of London; as also Three Manors within the said Borough, belonging to the Lord Mayor, together with all Fines and Amerciaments

arising

44 i 6°Februari A. 1732.

arising by the said Manor Courts: That the Lord Mr. Hugh Williams reported from the Committee, P Mayor holds a Court of Justice for and within the said to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants,

Jurisdiction; and that the Parish of St. George (he. Traders, Mariners, and other Inhabitants, of the City Martyr is within the said Manors and Jurisdictions. of Chester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for behalf of themselves, and other Inhabitants, of the said rebuilding the Parish Church of St. George the Martyr, City; and also the Petition of the Justices of the Peace in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, for the County of Chester, in the Court of Quarter Sef-as One of the Fifty new Churches directed to be built fions for the said County assembled, and of the Grand by Two AMs of Parliament, one made in the Ninth, Jury there; and of the other Gentlemen, Freeholders, the other in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Traders, and Inhabitants, of the said County, whose Majesty Queen Anne: And that Colonel Onslow, Mr. Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of theni-Vineent, and Mr* Scdwen, do prepare, and bring in, selves, and other the Inhabitants of the said County; the fame. and also the Petition of the Mayor, Citizens, and In-

habitants, of the City of Chester, and of the Gentlemen Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Duties upon and Freeholders in and near the same City; were re-I)uneson Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great ferred; That the Committee had examined the Matter*

Malt, &c. Britain called England', and for granting to his Majesty of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in the fame, together with the Resolution of the Commit-that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Ser- tee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report vice of the Year 1733; was read the Third time. in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as be, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, follows; viz.

Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, called England; and for granting to his Majesty cer- dated the 17th Day of January last, proceeded to

tain Dunes upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in examine the Allegations of the said Petitions,

that Part of Great Britain called Scotland for t he Ser- The Petitioners laid before the Committee the Act of vice of the Year 1733; and for giving further Time to Parliament, passed in the 11th and 12th Year of the Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties omitted to be Reign of Kin "William the Third, to enable the Mayor paid for their Indentures and Contracts, and Citizens of the City of Chester to recover and pre-

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill serve the Navigation upon the River Dec\ whereby it to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. appeared, that certain Duties were granted to the

Mayor and Citizens of the said City, for the Term of Answp.r to Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their 21 Years, for recovering and preserving the Navigation Address. Address of Tuesday last, That his Majesty would be of the said River.

graciously pleased to give Directions, That there may And then the Petitioners produced the following be laid before this House Copies of the Reports made Witnesses; viz.

by his Majesty’s Cofrimiflaries in Spain, together with Captain John Mathews: Who, being examined, said, all letters and Papers relating thereto; and what Sa- That the said River, from a Place called Park Gate, to tisfadion has been made to the Subjects of Great Britain the said City of Chester, is in a very bad Condition; and for the Lodes they sustained by the Depredations of the that Boats loaded, which formerly used to go Two or Spaniards in Europe, or in the Indies; pursuant to the Three times up and down, in a Spring, from thence to Second separate Article of the Treaty of Peace, Union, the City of Chester, can now only go Once; the River , Friend ship, and mutual Defence, between the Crowns being very much obstructed by the Sands that have of Great Britain, France, and Spain, concluded at Sc- choked up the fame: And said, That Vessels cannot ville on the Ninth of November 1729; had been pre- harbour with Safety at Park Gate, the Chanuel being fented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had com- incertain and (hallow.

manded him to acquaint this House, That although, by Captain John Stephens said, That, about Two Years the Treaty of Seville, the Commissaries on the Part of since, the River at Park Gate was 12 Feet deep at Great Britain and Spain were to meet within Four Low-water; but that it is not now above Three Feet Months after the Exchange of the Ratification of that deep, and is very much choked up with the Sands;

Treaty, and their Commissions to continue for Three the Channel not being confined, as it ought to be, up Years from the Date of the said Treaty; and although to Chester.

his Majesty’s Commissaries were appointed on the Se- Mr. Nathanael Kinderley said, He has fnrveyed the cond of April 1730; yet, by several unforeseen Acci- said River Dee for Three Years fuccedively; and that, dents, the Meeting of the Commissaries in Spain wasfo at Low-water Mark, it is 17 Feet higher at Chester long delayed, that the First Conferences were not open- than between Park Gate and Flint, by reason of tire ed till the Twenty-third of February 1732, New Style; Shifting of the Channel amongst t he high broad Sands and that, as so much Time was elapsed before the open- lodged there: And said, That the River to Chester may ing their Commissions, it has been since agreed between be confined, ai\d made navigable for Ships of a confi-the Two Crowns, That the Three Years for finishing derable Burden, at the Expence of £.40 or £. 50,000. the Commission of the said Commissaries shall be com- Mr. James Sterling said, That he has iurveyed the said puted from their First Meeting on the Twenty-third of River, from Chester to the Bar: That, at present, it is February last; which makes it imprafticabie for his navigable, from Chester to Burton-head, only for final Majesty to give the proper Orders for Iayitiga perfect Ships, because the Course is continually shifting; but Account before this House, of what is desired in their that, if it was confined to a proper Breadth by Banks,

Address. there is no doubt but that the River may be made navi-

gable for all Ships and Vessels: And said. That he bored Ditto. Mr. Comptroller also reported to the House, That down in the Marsh, and found it was a loose Sand.

their Address of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be Mr. John Mackey said, He was formerly employed

graciously pleased to order the proper Officer to lay be- by Sir Richard Grosvenor, and, since, by Sir Thomas

fore this House Copies of the Petition, References, Re- Grosvenors Agent, to take a Survey of the said River:

ports, and other Papers, relating to the Charter granted Which lie has done; and finds, that the Navigation of

to the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raif- the said River may be improved.

ing the Thames Water, in York Buildings, the 21st Day And, being further examined, said. That he never

of October, in the Second Year of his Majesty’s Reign, was concerned in surveying any River but the River

bad been presented to his Majesty; and that his Ma- Dee, excepting Chelsea Water-works.

jesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the

he will give Directions accordingly. following Resolution;

22 Resolved,

Charitable Corporation; Time for appearance of J.Thorafon.

Pnniftrin*

(Mutiny and

Pefeniou.

' Supply.

Way* and Means.

Wear

Navigation.

6 Geo. II. 16° — 190 45

Resolved, Th.it i* is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations contained jn their laid Petitions.

Ordered, That Leave lie given to bring in a Bill to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chvjier: And that Mr. Hugh Williams, Lord Mulpas, Mr. Grofcenor, and Colonel Cholmondeley, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Sand us presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to allow a further Time to John Thom fan to appear, and produce the Books, and discover the Effefls, of the charitable Corporation for relief of indus-trions Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest; and to be examined thereupon at the 'limes and Places to be fixed in the Bill; and for allowing the said John Thomson fitch a Proportion out of the Kflfetds of the said Corporation, as he flinll discover, to be limited in the Bill: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill he now read a Second time.

And the said Bill was accordingly read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed,

Rtfolvcdy That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refohe itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Andrervs, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for pnnishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters; was commilied; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross’ed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tocoufider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

tion of the Mayor, Aldermen, Gentlemen, and principal Inhabitants of the City of Durham; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Coal-fitters, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Sunderlandy near the Sea, in the County of Durham, are referred.

Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Com- tea* fold* pany do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Teas which they have sold at any Sale, from Christmas 1716 to Christmas 1732; distinguishing the Quantity, and each Sale.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excise do lay Permit* for before this House, the Number of Permits given, and ®oving the Quantity of Teas sent from any Part or Place Aeas‘ w ithin the Bills of Mortality, into any other Part of Great Britain* from the Time of these Commodities being under their Management, to Midsummer 173a; distinguishing the Number of Permits given, and the Quantity of Teas sent, each Year. t

A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, Law* the Laws relating to the Methods by which Persons respecting are charged towards repairing the Highways, and to ways# make the same more equal; was read a Second time.

Rrjblvedy That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole house, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to naturalise JuJlus Gerhard and Paul Gerhard's, L'Hospital, was read a Second time. &c*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Holland

Mr. Andrews, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Bramfion, Sir Geo.

Cajically Mr. Whitworthy Mr. Harr isy Mr. Cumiingham,

Mr. Walker, Mr. Ilucks, Mr. Bevan9 Mr. Leheupy Mr.

Hofiy Mr. Early Mr. Heathcole, Mr. Wyndham, Mr.

Potengery Mr. Bromley, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Treby, Sir John Heathcoley Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Bacon, Sir James Granty Lord Morpeth, Sir Nathanael Curzon,

Mr. Eqjl, Mr. Bold, Mr. Mafier, Lord Malpas, Sir Justinian IJliam, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Longueville} Mr.

Ongley, Sir Roger Bradshaighy Mr. Vaughan: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Mr. Holland presented to the House, according to PapMs Order, a Bill for allowing further Time for the Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers and Lessees: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Colonel Bladen have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Half of the old Subsidy remaining to the Crown, upon all Sugar exported for Seven Years, ending at Chrtfimas laftpalt; distinguishing each Year.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunec, 19* die Februarii;

Anno 6° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1732. Prayers.

JUSTUS Gerhard and Paul L'Hospital took the J Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Ordered, That §\rThomas Saunderfony Mr. John I Aim-ley, Mr. James Lmnleij, Sir John Heathcole, and Mr. White, be added to the Committee, to whom the Peti-Vol. 22.

Mr. Vincent reported from the Committee, to whom Horsley-the Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the down new Poor, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Olave’Sy Southwark, in the County of Surrey, in Mainte-behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of nance, the said Parish, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, of the 23d of January last, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations of the fame, the following Witnesses were called; viz.

Mr. John Sherman, Surveyor, said, That the Commissioners appointed for building Fifty new Churches had built a new Church in the Parish of St. Olave's, Southwark, which is now entirely liniflied, and fit to be consecrated; and that the Commissioners have agreed upon, and fixed, a District to the said Church, for a new Parish.

N Mallus

Puniftiing Mutiny and JUel'ertion.

Home-made

Spirits.

Prohibiting Circulation of Broad Pieces.

46 190 Februarii. 1732.

Malius Ryal, Esquire, said, That the District for a new Parish w as laid out by a Vestry of both Parishes.

Mr. William Tifncll, Builder, laid, That the said Church is entirely fiuished, and fit for divine Service.

Mr. William Smith said, That the Inhabitants are very poor, most of them being seafaring Men, and Watermen, and are not able to contribute towards the Buil ling of the said Church.

Mr. Wm. Gage said, That there is not above One Family in Five who pay to the Poor’s Rate, which ' makes it fall hard upon the rest of the Parish: That the Poor’s Rate, before a Work-house was built, amounted to £.3,000 per Annum; but that now it amounts to about £. 2,000 only: That there are about 933 Families who pay to the Poor’s Rate, and about

4.000 Families who do not pay, there being a very great Increase ot Houses lately: That the old Church will not hold above 3,000 Persons in the Pews and lfles; and that the Number of Inhabitants is about 24,000.

The Reverend Mr. Wm. Richardson confirmed Mr. Gage's Evidence: And further said, That, supposing

3.000 Persons to come to Church, the)' could not all hear, by reason of the Largeness of the Church.

Mr. Wm. Turner, Clerk to the Solicitor to the Commissioners, produced to the said Committee an Instrument, signed by the Commissioners, whereunto was annexed a Plan of the Church, and Church-yard; as also a Plan of the District of the said Parish: He also proved, that the said Instrument and Plan had been duly inrolled in the High Court of Chancery.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the new Church of Horjleydown, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey; and for making the District, assigned to the fame, a distinct Parish: And that Mr. Vincent, and Colonel Onslow, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Dersertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Andrews do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Methods for encouraging the Making and Exporting of Home-made Spirits distilled from British Grain.

A Petition of several Merchants, and other Traders in and about London, on behalf of them selves and others, who pay great Sums for Customs, Excise, fife. was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That his late Majesty King George the First did, by his Royal Proclamation, the Twenty-secondDay of December 1717, charge and command all his Subjects to receive and pay, at Twenty-three Shillings, and Twenty-five Shillings, and no more, the Pieces of Gold commonly called Broad Pieces, then received and paid at Twenty-three Shillings and Six-pence, and Twenty-five Shillings and Six-pence, and so proportionably for smaller Pieces of the like Gold Coin; but that, notwithstanding the said Proclamation, the Receivers of his Majesty’s Customs and Excise, and the Bank Tellers, refuse to take the said Pieces of Gold in Payment: whereby the Petitioners are put to very great Difficulties to provide other Monies for Payment of the Customs, Excise, fife.; and yet the Petitioners are obliged, by the said Proclamation, to receive the said Pieces, though much diminished by wearing, clipping, and filing; to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and the trading Subjects of the Kingdom: And therefore praying the 20:

House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Resolved, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

The House, accordingly, resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Chai'les Turner reported from the Committee, That they had considered the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to move the House, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to issue his Royal Proclama-to forbid any Persons to receive or utter in Payment, by Tale, any of the Gold Coins of Twenty-five Shillings, or Twenty-three Shillings, commonly called Broad Pieces, or any Halves or Quarters thereof; and to direct the several Receivers and Collectors of the Revenues to receive the same by Weight, for the Space of One Year, at the Rate of Four Pounds and One Shilling perOunce Troy; and that his Majesty will also be pleased to authorize and require the Officers of his Mint to allow Four Pounds and One Shilling per Ounce Troy, to all such Persons as shal I bring the said Broad Pieces, or any Halves or Quarters thereof, into the Mint within the said Time, and to coin the same into the other current Gold Coins of this Kingdom:

And Sir Charles Turner moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to issue his Royal Proclamation, to forbid any Persons to receive or utter in Payment, by Tale, any of the Gold Coins of Twenty-five Shillings, or Twenty-three Shillings, commonly called Broad Pieces, or any Halves or Quarters thereof; and to direct the several Receivers and Collectors of the Revenues to receive the same by Weight for the Space of One Year, at the Rate of Four Poundsand One Shillingper Ounce Troy 5 and that his Majesty will also be pleased to authorize and require the Officers of his Mint to allow Four Pounds and One Shilling per Ounce Troy, to all such Persons as shall bring the said Broad Pieces, or any Halves or Quarters thereof, into the Mint, within the said Time, and to coin the same into the other current Gold Coins of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Sir Charles Turner also reported from the said Committee, That they had come toaResolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report.....Tomorrow

Morning.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to allow a further Time to John Thomson to appear, and produce the Books, and discover the Effects, of the charitable Corporation for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with finall Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest*, and to be examined thereupon, at the Times and Places to be fixed in the Bill; and for allowing the said John Thomson such a Proportion, out of the Effects of the said Corporation, as he shall discover, to be limited in the Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Charitable

Corporation —

Time for u|. pearauce o J. Thomfot

20° Febru

5 Geo. II.

MartiSj 20° die Februarii;

Anno 6* Georgia IlUl Regis, 1732. Prayers.'

WtWiume* A /FII William Bromley reported from the Com-Raii^&c. aVJl mittee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inclosing several large Common Fields within the Parishes of Welshourne Hafings and New bo Id Pacy, in the County of Warwick, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Hill, and the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the fame, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. William Bromley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Duties on Home-made tyinu.

Lkwccs for

miilioj la] m

Duly on Bee:, ke.

' HwU*c. dCwo,

hti?iou

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excise do, lay before this House, the Amount of the Duties arising from Home-made Spirits, from Midjammer 1731 to Midsummer 1732.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excise do lay before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Drawbacks upon Spirits exported, from Midfum-mer 1731 to Midsummer 1732.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excise do lay before this House, an Account, {hewing how much of the; Duties anting from Home-made Spirits, from Midsummer 1731 to Midsummer 173a, hath been paid upon Ample and compound Spirits made from foreign Materials, from malted Corn, from Cyder, and from foreign Wines; distinguishing the fame.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excise do lay before this House, an Account of what Number df Licences have been taken out for felling or retailing mixed or compound Liquors, from Midsummer 17^1 to Midsummer 1732.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excise do lay before this House, the Amount of the Duties which have arisen by the Licensing of the Retailers of compound Spirits, from Midsummer 1731 to 1732.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excise do lay before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Duty upon Beer and Ale, from Midsummer 1731

Midsummer 1732.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the several Sorts and Quantities of foreign Corn which have been imported, from Chripnas 1731 to Christmas 1732; as also from what Places, into what Ports, and in what Quantities, they have been respectively imported, and to what Places re-shipped from thence; together with an Account of the Duty that has been paid thereupon.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the several Sorts and Quantities of Corn which have been exported, from Christmas 1731 to Chripnas 1732; as also from what Ports, and in what Quantities, they have been respectively exported; together with an Account of the Bounty that has been paid thereon.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of what Duties have been paid at the Custom-house in Londati, and in the Out Ports, for foreign Spirits and Brandies im-

47

ported from Dunkirk, from Christmas 1731 to Chrp mas 1732; and under what Denomination of Brandies the Duty was paid for the same.

The House being informed, that Mr. Oxenford, from Half Subsidy the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; 00 Su8ar*

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House the Return of the said Commissioners to the Order of the House, of the Sixteenth Instant; with an Account of the Produce of the Half of the Subsidy remaining to the Crown upon all Sugar exported for Seven Years, ending at Christmas 1731; distinguish-ing each Year.

And he also presented to the House, pursuant to their import, &c. Order, an Account of what refined Sugar has been ex- of Sugar, ported out of England for Five Years last past; distinguishing each Year and Country: And also,

An Account of what raw Sugar has been exported out of England for Five Years last pad; distinguishing each Year and Country: And also,

An Account of what Sugars have been imported from the Plantations, and exported to foreign Parts, for Five Years last past; with the Amount of the Duties, and what remained after the Drawback was allowed.

And then he withdrew.

And the Return, and Titles of the said Accounts, were read.

Ordered, That the said Return, and Accounts, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Return, and Accounts, are as follow; viz.

To the honourable the Commons of Great Britain> in Parliament assembled.

In Obedience to an Order of this honourable House, dated the 16th Instant, we herewith humbly lay before you, by the Hand of the Inspector General,

An Account of the Produce of the Half of the Subsidy remaining to the Crown upon all Sugar exported for Seven Years, ending at Christmas 1731; distinguishing each Year. i

You will please to observe, by a Memorandum at the; Foot of the Account, that the Accounts from the Out: Ports are not all received; which is the Reason the Account ends at Christmas 1731.

Which is humbly submitted. Custom-house, Louden, John Hill.

20th February 1732. J, Stanley.

H. Hale.

J. Evelyn.

An Account of the Produce of the Half of the Subsidy remaining to the Crown upon all Sugar exported for Seven Years, ending at Christmas 1731; distinguishing each Year.

From Christmas 1724 to Christmas

Total -

£ s. d.

1725 5,251 8 6

1726 5.233 17 7

1727 4,014 18 8

1728 7,492 13 8

1729 5.655 6 1

1730 5,984 6 —

1731 3.414 — 4

- £ 37,046 11 8

Custom-house, London, John Oxenford,

20th February 1732. . Assistant Inspector General.

Nete, The Accounts of the Out Ports not being all made up for the Year 1732, is the Reason this Account ends at Chripnas 1731.

Vol. 22.

An

An ACCOUNT of what refined Sugar has been exported out of England for Five Years last part; distinguishing each Year and Country.

Africa "

Canaries -

Denmark and Norway East Country Flanders -

France -

Germany -Holland -

Ireland -

- -

Madeiras -Newfoundland Portugal

Bujjia -

S/KZWI -

Streighls -Sweden -

Turkey -

Venice -

Ides, Guernsey

, Jersey

*Antigua Barbadoes -Bermudas -Carolina -Jamaica Montferat -AfewV I JVisw England Afau Providence -Aew Ter/t Penjilvania -A/. Christopher's -Virginia and Maryland AVejl Indies in general

Total

cc

1727. 1728. 1729. 273°* 1731-

C. qrs. lb. C. qrs. lb. C. qrs. lb. C. qrs. lb. C. qrs. lb.

12 — — 5 3 M 6 - 722 8 1 —

- - . - - - - 4 3 1

21 I 13 48 1 — 15 — 9 3° 3 12 49 2 19

I°9 3 20 5*5. 1 2 7% — n 105 3 23 362 — 11

- - 249 2 ' 3 1,339 2 20 2,9i4 2 ,) 3,931 122

- - - I — 145 2 20 66 3 9

35i 1 iO 10,576 — 21 1,673 1 9 1*035 — 12 81914

- - £.5 — 12 - - - 212 — 3

* 2,163 1 15 2,918 1 5 3>lID 3 16 2,350 1 11 4,484 — 26

I.-555 — 7 >»s35 3 21 1,033 1 5 11 2 23 571 2 1?

5 3 — . 2 — . — 3 1 — 8 1 — 4

« 7 3 20 — 2 14 - - 1 2 — - 9

2 2 — 2 2 12 16 3 16 22 1 — 10 — —

- - 1 — — 9 — — 1 - — , - -

2,890 3 24 1 6 600 2 7 *53 1 3 1,035 — 8

1,291 — ’9 2 1 C777 — 2,947 3 M 5-347 3 22

4 — — 2 3 — — 5i 3 18 39 3i3 9* 13

9 3 20 3 23 25 — 2 42 — 4 — —

422 1 14 519 — 22 - - 283 1 9 273 — 14

37 — 5 67 2 7 45 — 24 64 210 117 1 13

28 — — 58 — — 126 — 25 195 — 4 290 — 8

391 — M 227 3 23 420 2 16 549 1 26 414 3 20

»53 3 l9 187 c — 24 198 — — 3°5 2 24 274 3 19

4 — — 0 — — 5 1 — 2 2 — —

60 8 195 2 .16 398 1 1 579 3 13 464 2 7

532 — 5 654 2 2 5 657 1 8 730 — 3 725 1 2

57 — >3 52 1 16 40 — 22 43 3 5 14 3 19

41 — 17 57 1 — 83 3 15 84 2 8 57 1 6

14 — 6 9 — — 87 2 18 194 2 19 230 — 1

— 'I —

- 45 2 6 34 3 7 106 3 15 C* 1 OO I 2 —

33 2 21 3' — 10 167 — 15 212 2 9 15* 3 1

206 — 22 340 i 20 240 1 17 334 — 8 223 3 24

276 — *9 367 1 26 394 — 6 539 — 3 49° 2 5

34i — 12 439 " — 10 283 — '7 470 3 12 327 3 22

- 11.073 3 1 29,134 1 4 13,686 1 2 M,538 — 2 3 21,077 2 26

Custom-house,

London, 20th February 1732.

JoA/i Oxenford, A. I. General.

The Accounts of the Out Ports not being all made up to Christmas 1732, is the Reason this Account ends at Chrijhnas 1731-

20° Februarii. -« *73 2

Ait ACCOUNT of what raw SUGAR has been exported out of England for Five Years last past; distinguishing each Year and Country,

D

<n

n'

CD

CL

CT

a

Q

o

to

to

Africa. - -

Denmark and Norway

East Country

Daft India -

Flanders

Germany

Holland

Ireland

Italy -

Madeiras -

Newfoundland

Portugal Russia -

Spain -

Streights -

Sweden -

Turkey -

Venice -

Isles, Guernsey -/?r/£y -

'Antigua -

Barba does -Bermudas - -

Carolina -Hudforis Bay New England New York -Penjilvania -Virginia and Maryland JIVeft Indies in general -

I.

P«

Total

Custom-house, London, aoth February 1732,

I?27. 1728. >729- I73°- *731-

C. qrs. lb. C. qrs. lb. C. qrs. Ib. C. qrs. lb. C. qrs. Ib.

57 — 21 30 1 7 1 7 82 — 10 17 — 1

1,383 — 2 284 3 14 10 2 — - 173 3 —

1,282 3 5 12,593 2 10 12,457 2 9 9,863 — 21 6,093 2 1

7 3 — 5 — 21 13 — 15

14,119 I l8 15,115 i 14 16,086 3 27 I9.503 2 13 13,348 — 19

65*5 25 2 4 77.960 1 17 65,099 1 24 61,748 3 22 19,190 2 11

10,209 2 5 71,948 1 4 23,729 3 18 33,688 27 14,802 I 17

14>797 — *5 26,692 1 16 38,360 — 17 35,832 3 20 34,885 3 26

Bo 310 47 1 7 - 344 3 5

7 1 17 - I 2 14

7 — 3 2 — - 3 122 2 6

305 - 25 I —

902 2 9 485 471 1 — 2,178 2 9 467 I 21

54 3 20 107 67 3 12 508 1 4 2,235 2 16

3»75° — 7 4.497 1 25 1,806 — 17 3.449 ~ 10 3>596 3 10

6 2 — 32 — 9 99 3 — 37 2 5 39 3 5

*99 2 4 -

41 1 18 65 3 >7 105 — 7 816 -

150 2 7 112 — 11 31 2 — J59 1 '5 432 2 >6

37 — 22 30 3 — 10 44 3 21 6

425 - - - - u 1 - .

— a — - -

16 — — 10 — — 7 1 — 1 mm — 42 — .

123 - - - .

1 3 20 - -

- 2 .

72 IO 26 1 6 30 3 16 44 — 24 30 I

1114 8 — 2 3 - 12 2

"2,699 3 21 210,320 3 23 158,746 2 13 167,980 1 12 95,832 — 1

Afote, The Accounts of the Out Ports not being all made up to Christmas 1732, is the Reason this Account ends at Christmas 1731.

70/jrt Oxenford, A. I. General.

\o

6 Geo. II. 20°

cr

o

o

o

fj

./£ 173 a.

York

Buildings

Company.

OUl-street

Church

MiniUers

Haiive-

laact*.

6 Geo. II. 20° Februarii.

Mr.Plumptre reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Stock of the Governor and Company for raising the Thames Water, in York Buildings, alVembled in their General Court, held at their House, in WincheJkr-Jlrcet, the Twelfth Day of January 1732, is referred. That he was directed by the Committee, to acquaint the House, That Henry Sira-chey, Secretary to the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water, in York Buildings, has disobeyed the Order of the said Committee, by delivering to the Governor of the said Company a Hook of Copies of Letters, some of which relate to the Affairs of the said Company, after he had received the Order of the said Committee to lav before them all the Books and Writings, in his Custody, relating to the said Company.

Ordered, That the said Henry Strachey be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Mr. Robert Hucks reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, Constables, Overseers of the Poor, and other principal Inhabitants, of that Part of the Parish of St.Giles, Cripplegate, as lies in the County of Middlesex, and always called or known by the Name of the Lordship Part of tiic said Parish, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants thereof, was referred, That the Committee bad examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, bearing Date the Ninth Iullant, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof, called,

Mr. Wm.Caston: Who, being examined, said, That the Commissioners, appointed for building Fifty new Churches, have built a Church near Old-street, in the Lord/])ip Part of the said Parish, which is ready for Consecration, and fit to have Divine Service performed therein.

Then the Petitioners produced and laid before the Committee, a Deed-poll, inrolled in Chancery, wherein a District is described, and appointed, for a new Parish to the said Church.

'Mr.George Tarry, being examined, said, That some of the Inhabitants on behalf of the said Parish, did make Application to the said Commissioners, that the Church and Churchyard might he walled in, and a House built for the Minister; but the said Commissioners informed them, that there was not Money, remaining in their Hands, sufficient to answer the Charge thereof, unless they were impowered by Parliament to appropriate, for that Purpose, Part of the Money appointed for Endowment of Churches.

Nathanael Blaekerhy, Esquire, Treasurer to the said Commissioners, attended the said Committee; and, being asked what Money was remaining, undisposed of, for the Building of Churches, said. That there remained £ 2,844, out of which there is now due, to several Persons, the Sum of £.2,400, and upwards; besides some other Debts not yet ascertained, which, together with the said £ 2,400, will amount to more than the said £.2,844 be sufficient to satisfy and discharge: Then being examined, as to what was remaining in the Exchequer on account of the Endowment-money, said, That there was the Sum of £.23,364 3$. 8\d.; and that, with this Church, there are Five Churches to be endowed out of the said Money.

Mr. Wm. Raiolinfon, being examined, as to the Number of Houses in the Lordship Part of the said Parish, said. That there were near Three thousand; and that there is only a small Tabernacle, not able to contain more than One-tenth Part of the Inhabitants thereof: And further said. That the whole Parish of St.Giles Cripplegate, consists of between Thirty and Forty thou-Vol. 22.

SI

sand Inhabitants; and that the old Parish Church is not near sufficient to contain them.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for providing a Maintenance for the Rector of the new Church, near Old-street, in the Parish of St. Giles, Cripplegate; and for making that Part of the said Parish, which is called the Lordship Part, a distinct Parish; and for impowering the Commissioners for building of the Fifty new Churches to apply a Sum of Money to wall in the said Church and Churchyard; and to erect a House for the Habitation of the lieftor of the said Church, out of the Monies appropriated for the Endowment of the said Fifty new Churches: And that Mr.

Robert Hucks, Sir Francis Child, and Sir John Williams, do prepare, and bring in the fame. 0

Sir Charles Tumer, according to Order, reported from Prohibiting the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Circulation ferredto cotifider of the Petition of several Merchants, and other Traders, in and about London, on behalf of themselves, and others, who pay great Sums for Customs,

Excise, Sc. the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Charge and Waste, in melting the Broad Pieces, and any Halves and Quarters thereof, and the Deficiency which will be occasioned by receiving the same into the Mint, at the Rate of Four Pounds and One Shilling per Ounce Troy, be made good out of the Monies that have arisen, or shall arise, by the Coinage-duty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Petition of Sir Nicolas Trevanion, Knight, Tri/?a?n Strode’*

A vent, Amos Doidge, and Richard Bowen, Gentlemen, Guardians and Trustees for William Strode, an Infant, Plymouth, of the Age of Fourteen Years, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Sir Wm. Strode, Great-grandfather of the said Infant, being seised in Fee of a Parcel of Ground called the Lambhay, contiguous to the Fort of Plymouth, and lying between the said Fort and the Town of Plymouth, whereof some Building Leases were granted, and others contracted for; and whereon also Docks, Cellars, Sic. were designed to be built; which would have been of great Advantage to the said Sir William Strode, and his Family: That the Buildings thereon erected were, in the Year 1660, by an Order of the Council, ordered to be demolished; and Part of the said Parcel of Ground was afterwards taken into the said Fort, and a Victualling Office, for the Service of the Navy, hath been built on another Part thereof, and has continued in the Possession of the Crown, without any Leave obtained from the said Sir William Strode, or any Person claiming under him, or any Satisfaction made to him, or them: That, by an Inquisition taken 16 September, 24 Car. Ild- by virtue of a Commission issued out of the Court of Exchequer, pursuant to an Order made by the Lords of the Treasury, in Obedience to the Directions of his said Majesty, upon the Application of the said Sir William Strode for a Compensation, it was found, that the said Parcel of Ground was the Inheritance of the said Sir William Strode; and that his Lessees had, at the Expence of One thousand Five hundred Pounds, erected Buildings thereon, of the annual Value of Two hundred and Twenty-seven Pounds Eleven Shillings and OnePeny; and that the Value of the Inheritance thereof was Four thousand Five hundred and Fifty-one Pounds One Shilling and Eight Pence; and that One Acre and Half, Part of the Three Acres and Sixty-five Perches, which remained, was fit for building Cellars and Docks for the King’®

Use; and might, at the Expence of Three thousand Six hundred Pounds, be improved to Five hundred and Twenty-nine Pounds Ten Shillings per Annum: That the said SirWilliam Slrodcdied about the Year 1674, having,

for

52

20° Febru

A. 1732.

for several Years applied for Satisfact toft, leaving Richard, his elded Son and Heir, who renewed the Application; and, in November 1691, obtained a Reference from the Crown to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury; and, in consequence thereof, a Report of the Deputy Surveyor General, stating the several Proceedings before mentioned, but no Agreement, or Payment, was made thereupon; and that, on the Seventeenth of February 1699, the Earl of Bath certified, that the said Parcel of Ground had continued in the Possession of the Crown from the Year 1660; and that no Compensation had been made for the same to Sir William or Richard Strode: That the said Richard Strode dying in the Year 1707, Maiy and Martha his Sifters and Heirs at Law, did, jointly with Sidney Strode Esquire, their Half Brother, apply to the Crown for Satisfaction; and, their Petition being referred to the Surveyor General, he, on the Seventh of May 1712, made a Report in their Favour, taking notice of the said Inquisition; and, according to a Valuation thereby made, computing the Value of the Building ground, < xcluftve of near Two Acres not valued, with the Improvements thereof, at Eleven thousand Five hundred and Thirty-one Pounds One Shilling and Eight Pence; and the annual Value of the Ground, then in the Possession of the Crown, at Two hundred Pounds per Annum; and recommending the Purchaseof the Inheritance thereof, for the lTfe of the Fort and Victualling Office: That, afterwards, a Treaty being proposed for the Purchase of the Land whereon the Victualling Office flood, the same was approved by her late Majesty’s Attorney General, upon a Reference to him made from the Lords of the Admiralty, by Direction from the Treasury; and that the Commissioners of Victualling, upon a Reference to them made, the Twentieth of July 1714, taking notice of the Demand of Twelve thousand Pounds, made by the Proprietors, for the said Purchase; and of the said Inquisition, and of the said la ft Report, and valuing the Land let for building, being near Five Acres, at Twenty Shillings per Acre, and Twenty Years Purchase; and computing the Money laid out in the Improvement of the said Ground, and allowing Six Pounds per Cent. for the Interest thereof, reported, That the Price of the said Purchase amounted to Six thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four Pounds, in the Whole, and a Reftitu-ti'»n to be made to the said Proprietors, of Three Acres; That the said several Proceedings were returned intp the Treasury the Twenty-seventh of July 1714; bet that the Demise of her late Majesty prevented any Progress therein: That the said Mary died about 1714; and that, in 1716, the said Martha conveyed her Right in the said Lands, subject to the Debts of the said Sir William, and Richard Strode, to Sidney Strode, late Fatf.er of the said William Strode, for Life, with Remainder to his First and every other Son, in Tail Male, with several Remainders over-. 'That the said Sidney Strode, being too much embarrassed by his own Debts, and the Debts of the said Sir William, and Richard Strode, to attend the Prosecution of his Claim, died about the Year 1720, without having received any Satisfaction, leaving the said Wm, Strode, an Infant, his only Son and Heir; and that, since the said several Proceedings, the said other Three Acres have been built on, for the Use of the Victualling Office, and, together with the rest of the Premises, are now in the Possession of the Crown: And therefore, on behalf of the said Infant, praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That the same of the Petitioners having been humbly represented to his Majesty, his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House,‘That his Majesty gives his Consent, that the House may do therein, as they think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to a Committee, to examine and state the Matters of Fact contained therein; and report the same to the House;

16

And it is referred to Mr. Treby, Sir Wm. Yonge, Sir Charles Wager, Lord Limerick, Mr. Henry Bromley, Mr.

Thompson, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Odebar, Mr. Hales,

Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Wyndham, Lord Archibald Hamilton, Mr. Clutter buck. Lord Vere Beau clerk, Mr.

Scaxven, Mr. Byng, Mr. Furnefe, Mr. St. John, Sir John Norris, Mr. Vernon, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Waller,

Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Lacon Child, Sir Walter Bagott,

Mr. Master, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Bacon, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. York, Sir James Grant, Lord Gage, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Scrape, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Harley,

Mr. Bramjion, Mr. Williams, Colonel Middleton, Colonel Selivyn, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Glanville, Mr.

Hacks, Sirjohn Barnard, Mr. Alderman Perry, Captain Vernon, Captain Purvis, Mr. Plaint re, Mr. Lifter-, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That an humble Address be prefen ted to Discussion* his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give with Sptin* Directions, That Copies of all Treaties, Conventions, or Agreements, and of all Ccdulas, and Orders, which have been made, or entered into, by, or between, the Crowns, or Min liters, of Great Britain and Spain, since the Treaty of Seville, for preventing Depredations in America, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Mcmbet* amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Q^Wcati*. Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by further qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons: And that Mr. Rolle,

Mr, Pulteney, and Mr. Wyndham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Air. Pelham reported to the House, That their Ad- Answert* dress of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be graciously Address, pleased to issue his Royal Proclamation to forbid any Persons to receive, or utter in Payment by Tale, any of the Gold Coins of Twenty-five Shillings, or Twenty-three Shillings, commonly called Broad Pieces, or any Halves or Quarters thereof; and to direct the several Receivers, and Collectors of the Revenues, to receive the same, by Weight, for the Space of One Year, at the Rate of Four Pounds and One Shilling per Ounce Troy:

And that his Majesty would also be pleased to authorize and require the Officers of his Mint to allow Four Pounds and One Shilling per Ounce Troy, to all such Persons as shall bring the said Broad Pieces, or any Halves or Quarters thereof, into the Mint within the said time, and to coin the same into the other current Gold Coins of this Kingdom, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Charitable resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Corpaadoo; upon the Bill to allow a further time to John Thomson peaTince^of" to appear and produce the Books, anddifeover the Ef- j. Thomson. setts, of the Charitable Corporation for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest; and to be examined thereupon at the Times«tid Places to be fixed in the Bill; and for allowing the said John Thomson such a Proportion out of the Eftefts of the said Corporation, as he shall discover, to be limited in the Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent releasing, discharging, cancelling, delivering up, or assigning, any Debt due from George Robinson, late Cashier to the Charitable Corporation for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal

Interest

6 Geo. II. 10° — 210 Februarii. 55

Interest, or from the said John Thompson% or either of he shall discover, to be limited in the Bill, was read the them. Third time.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com* Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

mittee. be, An Act to allow a further time to John Thomson, to

Mr. Speaker left the Chair appear and produce the Books, and discover the Eftefts,

Lord Limerick took the Chair of the Committee. of the Charitable Corporation for Relief of industrious Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Poor, by aflilling them with small Sums, upon Pledges*

Lord Limerick reported from the Committee, That at legal Interest; and to be examined thereupon at the they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- Times and Places fixed in the Bill; and for allowing ments thereunto; which they had directed him tore- the said John Thonfon a Proportion out of the Effects port, when the House will pleaseto receive the same. of the said Corporation, which he shall discover; and Ordered, That the Report be now received. for preventing Fraudulent releasing* or assigning, any

Lord Limerick accordingly reported from the said p^ebt due from George Robmjon, or the said John Committee, the Amendments which the Committeehad Itiomfm, or either o! them.

made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the report to the House; and he read the Report in his Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the

Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Mr. Holland reported from the Committee, to whom Gerhard*s Amendments were once read throughout, and then a the ^dl to naturalize Jujtus Gerhard and Paul L Hof- &c. Nat. Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question ie- was committed, That the Committee had exa-

verally put thereupon, were with an Amendment to opined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same One of them, agreed unto by the House. to be true J an(l l,*at the Committee had gone through

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be *be Bill; and had directed him to report the same to

the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Provision The House being informed, that Mr. Blackerby, UMimf- Treasurer to the Commissioners for building the Fifty icrso new Churches, attended at the Door;

Churches. He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account, shewing how much of the Money hath been applied, and to what particular Ministers and Churches that was granted by an Act of Parliament, passed in the First \ ear of his late Majesty’s Reign, for making Provision for the Ministers of Fifty new Churches; and what remains unapplied for the Disposal of Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

St. Germans Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the ebfting a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Germans, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Sir Gilbert Ileathcole Knight ami Baronet, deceased.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Call of the Ordered, That the Call of the House be further ad-

house. journed till this Day Sevennight, the Twenty-seventh of this instant February.

Sugar Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-

Coiouies. ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 210 die Februarii;

Anno 6* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1732.

Praters.

A N ingrossed Bill to allow a further time to John Fjl Thomson to appear, and produce the Books, and ptaranee of discover the Effects, of the Charitable Corporation for j.Thomson. Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest; and to be examined thereupon at the Times and Places to be fixed in the Bill; and for allowing the said John Thomson such a Proportion out of the Effects of the said Corporation, as Vol> 22.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingroll'cd.

A Bill for allowing further time for the Inrolment PapifKDeeds of Deeds and Wills made by Papitlsr; and for Relief of and Wills. Protestant Purchasers and Lessees; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to.Mr. Holland,

Mr. Laroche, Mr. IVinford, Mr. Wu/Zer, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Lord Malpas, Sir Justinian If tarn, Mr. Campbell of Pemb. Mr. H ucks, M r. St. Quin tin, Mr. Cary,

Mr. Ileathcole, Mr. Medlicolt, Mr. Toxcer, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Bacon, Sir Nicolas Williams, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Anvejley, Mr. Shull leioofth, Mr. Harley

Mr. Edward Walpole, Mr. Child, Lord Morpeth, Mr.

Wyndham, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Lord Cole rain. Sir Will.

Courtney, Colonel Bladen, Lord Gage, Lord Percival,

Mr. Eaf, Mr. Treby, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Pa pi lion. Sir Roger Bradfiaigh, Mr. Sc rope, Mr. Jewkes, Sir John Rushout, Sir 77/e. Saunderson, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Farrington, Mr. Earl, Mr. Maser, Sir James Grant, Mr.

Bcvan, Sir Richard Lane, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Flu-mer, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Ijexvis, Mr. Fitzroy; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excise do Duties on lay before this House, on Account of what Excise has foreign been paid for foreign Spirits and Brandies, imported from Midsummer 1727 to Midsummer 1732, distinguishing each Year.

An ingrotted Bill for making more effectual the Laws Pifabling in being for disabling Persons from being chosen Mem- Perl^ns Mav* bers of* or fitting or voting in, the I louse of Commons, being who have any Pension during Pleasure, or for any Num- Members5 ber of Years, or any Offices held in Fruit for them; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making more effectual the Laws in being for disabling Persons from being chosen Members of, or fitting or voting in, the House of Commons, who have any Pension during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, or any Offices held in Trust for them.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Chester thereunto subscribed, beingFreemen offcheCityof Chester* E*e^oni resident within the said City, and the Suburbs and Precincts thereof, on behalf of them selves, and many other Freemen and Inhabitants of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; complaining, That, at the late

P Election

54

21 — 22° Febrmriu

J. 1731,

Lle&rott of A Member to serve in this present Parliament for the said City, in the room of Sir Richard Gross Xienor Baronet, deceased; at which Election Richard Manley Esquire, and Robert Grosvenor Esquire, flood Candidates; a Majority of the Freemen* resident within the &id City, and the Suburbs and Precincts thereof* in whom only the Right of Electionis veiled, would have polled for, andchofert, the said Mr. Maidey to be their Representative \ but, several illegal and arbitrary Measures being entered into* destructive to the Safety and common Rights of the Citizens* some of them were influenced, and others deterred* from voting for the said Mn Manley i That a Number of Freemen, and others, were bribed and corrupted by being unnecessarily made Constables; and, as such, insulted, and inhumanly treated, several Persons for their Intention to vote for the said Mr. Manley; when at the same time, no disturbance was attempted, or Outrages committed but by themselves; and that, by such arbitrary Proceedings, not only the Petitioners are injured, but the Right and Freedom of electing Members to serve in Parliament for the said City, will become precarious: And therefore praying the House to take these extra* ordinary Proceedings into Considerai ion, and to relieve them therein, in such manner, as to the House {half seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the fairl Petition be . heard at the Bar of this House, Upon Thursday the Fifth of April next.

Sugar The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve It-Colouies. self into a Committee Of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, being read;

Ordered, That the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs, to the Order of the House of the Sixteenth instant, with an Account of the Produce of the Half of the Subsidy, remaining to the Crown, upon all Sugar exported for Seven Years, ending at Christmas 1731, distinguistiitfg each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what refined Sugar has been exported out of England for Five Years last palt, distinguishing each Year and Country, be referred to the said Committee.

- Ordered\ That, the Account of what raw Sugar has btfen exported out of England for Five Years last past, distinguishing each Year and Country, be referred to the- said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Sugars have been imported from the Plantations, and exported to foreign Parts, for Five Years last past, with the Amount of the Duties, and what remained after the Drawback was allowed, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. '

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions* which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, N ine of the Clock.

Jovis, 22° die Februarii;

Anno 6* Georgii II. Regis, 1732. Prayers.

St. George’s OLO N E L Onslow presented to the House. accord-

Church ill V^/ ingto Order,a Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church Southwark. of George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark,

in the County of Surrey, As One of the Fifty new Churches directed to he built by Two Acts of Parliament, One made in the Ninth, the other in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, that some of the Costi- Salt Duties missioners of the Salt-duties attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar presented . , . 4 House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, a List of the Names of the Persons, and their respective Em* pioyments, concerned in the Collection of the Revenue, under the Management of the Commissioners of the Salt*duties, with the Salary attending each Officer; and also an Account of the whole Charge of the Management and Incidents for each Year, from Mi~ chaelmas 1721 to Michaelmas 1732.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift and Account was read;

Ordered, That the said Lift and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

The said Lift and Account are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Luke, One of Hawkers and the Commissioners for Trcensing Hawkers and Pedlars, l^HarsLi-attended at the Door - Duty,

He was called in; and, at the Bat*; presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty; a'Lift of the Names of the Persons, and their respective Em* pioyments, concerned in the Collection of the Revenue, under the Management of the Commissioners for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, with the Salary attending each Officer; and also an Account of the whole Charge of Management and Incidents for each Year, from Michaelmas 1721 to Michaelmas 1732.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift and Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift and Account do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift and Account are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Answert* Address of Tuesday last. That his Majesty would be Atl(ireri' graciously pleased to give Directions, That Copies of all Treaties, Conventions, or Agreements; and of all Cedulas and Orders, which have been made, or entered into, by, or between, the Crowns or Ministers of Great Britain and Spain, since the Treaty of Seville, for preventing Depredations in America, be laid before this House, bad been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House,

That he will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Comptroller also acquainted the House, That he Y had received his Majesty’s Commands to lay before the Building* House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Copy Company, of a Petition of the Governor ai>d Assistants of the York Buildings Company, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Proprietors in the said Company, to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury; presented to the said Lords Commissioners the Eighth of December 1727: And also,

Cop}' of a Reference of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to his Majesty’s Attorney General, upon the aforegoing Petition; datec} the Eighth of December 1727: And also,

Copy of a Report of his Majesty’s Attorney General thereupon, to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, with an Affidavit o(John Ewer annexed thereto; dated the Twelfth of January 1727: And also,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Scrope, Secretary of the Treasury, to the Clerk of the Council in waiting, tratif-mitting the aforegoing Papers, in order to be laid before 22 his

6 Geo. II.

his Majesty in Council; dated the 19th of January 1727: And also.

Copy of a Petition of the Governor and Assistants of the York Buildings Company, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Proprietors in the said Company, to his Majesty in Council; presented to his Majesty in Council the Fifteenth of February 1727: And also, t Copy of an Order of his Majesty in Council, referring all the Papers aforegoing to a Committee of Council; dated the 15th of February 1727: And also.

Copy of a Report of the Committee of Council to his Majesty thereupon; dated the Seventh of March 1727: And also,

Copy of an Order of his Majesty in Council, approving the said Report, and directing the Attorney and Solicitor General to prepare a Draught of Letters Patent, to impower the York Buildings Company to carry On a Trade with Scotland; dated the Twenty *first of March 1727; And also,

C opy of a Report of his Majesty's Attorney and Solicitor General; with a Draught of Letters Patent, prepared pursuant to the aforegoing Order; dated the Seventeenth of July 1728: And also.

Copy of an Order of his Majesty in Council, referring the said Report, and Draught of letters Patent, to a Committee of Council; dated the Twenty-fifth of July 1718: And also.

Copy of a Report of the Committee of Council to his Majesty thereupon; dated the Second of August 1728: And also.

Copy of an Order of his Majesty in Council, approving the said Draught of Letters Patent, and directing One of the Secretaries of State to prepare a Warrant for his Majesty's Royal Signature, in order to pass the fame, under the Great Seal of Great Britain; dated the Fifteenth of August 172S: And also,

Copy of his Majesty's Warrant iftited thereupon to the Attorney and Solicitor General; dated the Twenty -sixthof August 1728.

And Mr. Comptroller presented the said Papers to the House; together with a List of them.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Stock of the Governor and Company for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, aflenibled in their General Court held at their House in H incht^er-Jireet, the Twelfth of January 1 752, is referred.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Charitable Ordered, That the Report of the Commissioners ap-

Corporation. pointed for taking, fluting, and determining, the Claims of the Creditors and Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation for Relief of industrious Poor, byaftifting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal intereli, assembled m a General Court, is referred.

Arundel A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, Port* and others, the Inhabitants of the Towns of Arundel, IMtle-hampfon, Petworthy and Places adjacent, in the County of Suffer, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Harbour of Litfle-hampton, called Arundel Forty situate at the Mouth of a navigable River, about Thirty Leagues from the Downs, Twelve from lieachyAiead, and Ten from the Isle of W ight, was formerly very useful to the adjacent Country, abounding with Corn, Timber, Iron, Wool, and other Commodities; and that the said River was formerly navigable up to the Town of Arundel; which was, on that Account, a Town of great Trade, for such Vessels ns required no more than Sixteen Feet Depth of Water; but that the said Harbour is now, by Shoals and Banks, prejudicial to Navigation, rendered in a manner useless: That the Attempts of the Commissioners of the Sewers, for the Vol. 22.

5-5

Levels of the Rape of Arundel, to restore the Use of the said Harbour, have proved ineffectual, the Land-owners in the said Levels not being able to defray the Expence of erecting the necessary Pifers for that Purpose: That the said River, venting itself into the Sea at several Places, and thereby Jofing its force, is confined to a narrow Channel, which, by Southerly Storms, and rolling Sands, is often intirely choaked up; and though cut, and plowed through, by the neighbouring Inha-, bitants, at a very great Expence, will only admit small Vessels, hired at an excessive Freight, by reason of the Uncertainty of their Passage out of the said Harbour: That, if Piers were built, and the Navigation of the said Harbour and River were restored, the said Harbour would receive outward-bound Ships that cannot reach the Jfte of Wight, make Shipwrecks less frequent, protect Merchant Ships in War, drain many Thou land Acres of Pasture Land, facilitate the Exportation of the Produce of our own Country, as well as the Importation of foreign Commodities, and be of great Advantage to his Majesty/s Revenues, Docks, and Kingdom in General; and particularly to the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to enable the Petitioners to coll 6t a small Duty on the Vessels, Goods, and Merchandizes, to be laden, or unladen, in the said Harbour, for and towards building of Piers, restoriing, and rendering useful, the said Harbour, and making the River navigable to the Town of Arundel; or to make, and grant, such other Provision for the fame, as to the House shall feein meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confw oration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fume, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And is it referred to Siv John Shelley, Mr. Pelham, Mr. John I urn ley, Mr James Lumley, Mr. Huxley, Sir George Cajwall, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. St. Quint in, Mr. Evers field, Mr. Lockyer, Major Sclicyn, Mr. Cornwall, $n Thomas Hales, Mr. Tower, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Turner, Sir Charles Turnery Mr. Clayton, Lord Per civ at. Sir Boger Prad/luiigh, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Earle, Mr. Crijpe, Sir Thomas Lowther, Mr Ramsden, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Price, Mr. Sevan, Mr. Monjbn, Sir Geo. M acker fie, Mr. Dunbar, Sir Charles Vernon, Mr. Cholmondeley, Sir Charles Nicoll, Mr. Martin, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Glanville, Mr. King, Mr. Ducket, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Butler, Mr. Gold, Mr.11 inningtoiiy Mv.Yorke, Mr. Bacon, \lr.Walpole, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. John Campbell, Mr. Laroche, Sir John Barrington, Mr. liner, Mr. Middleton, Sir Tiiomas SaunderJon; and nil the Members that serve for the Counties of Sussex, Kent, Surrey, and the Cinque Ports: And they are meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir CharlcsTurner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Wa$ referred to consider of the State of the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That no Sugar, Pan eels, Syrups, or Melasses, of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture, of any of the Colonies or Plantations in America, nor any Rum or Spirits of America, except of the Growth or Manufacture of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies there, be imported into Ireland, but from Great Britain only.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four Shillings per Hundred Weight, Sterling Money, be laid on all foreign Sugars and Paneels imported into any of his Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That, a Duty of Six Pence per Gallon, Sterling Money, be laid on all foreign Melasses and Syrups imported

iate

220 Februarii.

Sugar

Colonies

56 'i2° Februarii. A. 173

urtoany of his Majesty’s Colonies 01* Plantations in John Thompfoti a Proportion out of the Effects of the said America. , Corporation, which he shall discover; and for preventing

Resolved, That is the Opinion of this Committee, fraudulent releasing or afliiting any Debt due from That aDetyof Nine Pence/>erGallon, Sterling Money, George Robinfony or the said John Thompson, or either be laid on all foreign Rum imported into any of his of them; without any Amendment. And also.

Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Bartow

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and Com- nco u,e*

That all Duties charged on the Importation of all mon Meadows, in the Parish of Barjion, in the County Sugars and Paneels of the Growth, Product, and Ma- o f Warwick: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence

nufacture of his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, into Great Britain, be drawn back on Exportation of the fame.

Rejoiced) That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback, or Allowance, of Two Shillings per Hundred Weight, on all Sugars refined in, and exported from, Great Britain, be paid, on the Exportation thereof, over and above all Drawbacks, or Bounties, now payable therein.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Refol ut ions: And that Sir Char lex Turner, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Winning ton. Colonel Bladen, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Scrope, and Sir William Stapleton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Duty on A Petition of James Kelham, of the City of London, Cherry-juice. Fn,jtert.r>

was presented to the House, and read; complaining, That lie is refrained from carrying on his Trade and Business, which consists in pressing the Fruit of Black Cherries, and mixing the Juice thereof with Brandies, by some Doubts which have arisen, whether the same is not subject, over and above the Duty paid for Brandies, with an additional Duty of Five Shillings per Gallon, by virtue of an Act made in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, And therefore praying the House to take his same into Consideration; and give fuel) Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Highways a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the Laws relating to the Methods by which Persons are charged towards repairing the Highways; and to make the same more equal.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bramflon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progressin the Bill; and haddirected him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, this Afternoon, at a Quarter of an Hour after Two of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of Henry S/rachei/, Secretary to the Privilege-Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the °J

Thames Water in York Buildings, now in Custody of custod°y the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was presented to the House, and read; excusing, and expressing his Sorrow for, his Offence, for which he was ordered into the Custody of the said Serjeant, in delivering to the Governor of the said Company a Book of Copies of Letters, some of which relate to the Affairs of the said Company, after he had received the Order of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Stock of the Governor and Company for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, assembled in their General Court held at their House in Winchester-street, the 12th Day of January 1732, is referred, to lay before them all Books and Writings in his Custody, relating to the said Company; and also informing the House, that the said Book had since been delivered to the said Committee: And therefore praying the House to discharge him out of Custody.

Ordered, That Henry Strachey be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Petition of the Chester several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Election* being Freemen of the City of Chester* resident within the said City and Suburbs, and Precincts thereof, on behalf of themselves, and many other Freemen and Inhabitants of the said City, which is appointed to be heard at the Bar of this House upon Thurjf'day the Fifth of April next, be heard at the Bar of this House upon Thursday the Twelfth Day of April next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant <0 Chester

the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for Wr,t*

the electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Chester\ in the room of Sir Thomas Grosvenor Baronet, deceased.

Mr. Rolle presented to the House, according to Order, Members a Bill to amend, and render more effectual. An Act made Qualifie*l»°n»-in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by further qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons: And the same was received.

Supply Bill; Duties on Malt, &c.

Charitable Corporal ion — Time for appearance of J.Thompson.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Tliurfton and Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting 10 his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-three; and for giving further Time to Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties omitted to be paid for their Indentures and Contrafts; without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to allow a further Time to John Thompson to appear, and produce the Books, and discover the Effects, of the Charitable Corporation for Relief of industrious Poor, by a (lifting them with finall Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, and to be examined thereupon, at the Times and Places fixed in the Bill; and for allowing the said

Sir John Rushout presented to the House, according to AlUn

Order, a Bill for exchanging, inclosing, and reducing, Magna into Severalty, the Lands in the Common Fields, Hclosure. Meadows, Pasture, or Feeding Ground, and all other the Lands lying open in the Hamlet of Afion Magna, alias Hanging Aston, in the Parish of Block ley, in the County of Worcester: And the same was received.

A Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act Members made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Qualification. Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by further qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons, was read the First time.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, Royal Ailent Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: to BilUc

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly

6 Geo. II. a 20 — 2 3* Februarii.

57

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty, in the House of Peers.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers; and that his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the publick Bills, and Private Bill, following; viz.

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-three; and for giving further Time to Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties omitted to be paid for their Indentures and Contrafts:

An Act to allow a further Time to John Thomson to appear, and produce the Books, and discover the Effects, of the Charitable Corporation for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest; and to be examined thereupon, at the Times and Places fixed in the Bill; and for allowing thfe said John Thomson a Proportion out of the Effects of the said Corporation, which he shall discover; and for preventing fraudulent releasing, or assigning, any Debt due from George Robinson, or the said John Thomson, or either of them:

An Act for inclosing several large Common Fields, within the Parishes of Welshourne Hastings, and Newbold Paaj,\\\ the County of Wai'wick.

Mraben Refilled, That the Bill to amend, and render more

QdifiotMi. effectual, an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by further qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons, be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a fcTpedisg Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the Laws relating to the Methods by which Persons are charged towards repairing the Highways; and to make the same more equal.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bramston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, N ine of the Clock.

Veneris, 230 die;

Anno 6° Georgii IP4 Regis, 1732.

Prayers.

Mriifge- JJE NRY Strachey, Secretary to the Governor and iPersonrt. Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Fiaded. Water in York Buildings, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was, according to Order, brought to the Bar; where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was ordered to be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Strap The House being informed, that some of the Com-Bmaac. missioners of the Stamp Duties attended at the Door; They were called iri; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, a List of the Names of the Persons, and their respective Vol. 22.

Employments, concerned in the Collectiotl of the Revenue under the Management of the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties; with the Salary or Allowance attending each Officer; and also an Account of the whole Charge of Management, and Incidents, for each Year, from the Second of August 1721 to the Third of August 1732, being the time when the annual Accounts of the said Duties terminate.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift and Account was read*

Ordered, That the said Lift and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift and Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill to naturalize JustuS Gerhard and Gerhard's, Paul UHoJpital was read the Third time. &c* Nat-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to naturalize Justus Gerhard and Paul LHospital.

Ordered, That Mr. Holland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

The House being informed, that Thomas Mitchener, Privilege* John Sanderftm, and Isaac Daws, and Walter Gibbon, have made their Submission, and given Satisfaction to William Raft Esquire, a Member of this House, in relation to the Breach of Privilege complained of the Thirteenth Day of this Instant February;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

The Order.of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Supply* into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day, for the House to resolve Ways itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider and Means, further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the Account of what Monies are now remaining in the Exchequer of the Produce of the Sinking Fund, disposeable by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Surpluses stated at Lady-day 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered That the Surplusses stated at Michaelmas 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1732 hath been disposed of, distinguistied under the several Heads, until the Thirty-first Day of January 1732; and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied; with the Deficiency thereupon; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Q Ordered,

58 23" — 26*

u . v" ‘ ft 1 - ’

York 1 Ordered* the Committee to whom the Petition Building* of Proprietory, of, the Stock of the Governor and Company. Cqmpany,/or jailing the Thames Water in York Buildings., ^assembled in their General Court held at their House in Winchester-Jlrect, the Twelfth Day of Xanvarnj 3 732n,is refereed, Jiave Leave to fir, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Cua«ms ^The.House, being, jnfovmed, that the Comptroller Avenue, General of the Customs attended at the Door;

Hie was cashjd in and, at the Bar, presented to the House, the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs, to the Order of the House of the Sixth Instant* with an Account of the Gross Receipt, Payments, and Net Produce, of the Duties on Tobacco, for Seven Years, to Christmas 1731.; 4 And then he withdrew.

Apd the Return and the Title of the said Account was read.

The said, Return and Account are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Return and Account do lie Upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

jDuties on The House being informed, That Mr. Oxenford, Tea, &c. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in 5 and, at the Bar, presented to the House the Return of the said Commissioners, to the Order of the House of the Sixth Instant; with an Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Subsidies, 5fc. paid on the Importation uf Tea annually, for Seven Yearsand a Half past, from Christmas 1716 to MidJ'um-tner 1724,:, Apd also,

An Apcoun^ of the Grpfs, and Net Produce of the Subsidies paid, on. the Importation of Tea annually, for Seven, Years and a Hal£past, from Midsummer 1724 to Chrfims 17,3,1( A ml ,al so,

An Account of the GroL and Net Produce of the Subsidies, tfc. paid on the Importation of Cocoa-nuts annually, for {Seven, Years and a Half past, from Christmas 17,16 to Midsummer 1724: And, also, (

..r An Account of the Gross apd Net Produce of the Subsidies paid on the importation of Cocoa-puts an-Upajly. (or.Seven Years and a Half past, from Midfum-mef 1714 to Chrippas 173.1: And also.

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Subsidies paid on the importation of Coffee for Seven Years and a Half past, from Christmas 1716 to Midsummer Andalfo,

,(, Ap Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Subsidies paid of, the Importation, of, Coffee annually, for, Seven Years and a Half, from Midsummer 1724 to

Cty'piqs 1731; And also,

An Account containing, the Quantities of Wines im-, ported wit, hin Seven Years annually, to Christmas 1731; and the Amoupt of the several Gross Duties paid thereon; with the Discounts, and Drawbacks, which reduce thp Gross, Income to the Net Income.

And then he withdrew.

And the Return and the Titles of the said Accounts Were read.

Ordered, That the said Return and Accounts do lie ppon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Iloqfe.

The said Return and Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Seizures of The House being informed, That Mr. Paul, from the ^T«a, &c. Commiftipners of th^ Customs, attended at the Poor;

He was, called \n; pud, £t the Bar, presented to the House the Return of the said Commissioners, to the Order of the Hpyfe of the.Si^th Instant; with an Ac-epun.t of; the Amount of pll.Seizures of Tea, Coffee, Cocoa-nuts#l Goco^paste^ and Chocolate, for Ei£ht Years, ended at Midsummer 1724,; distinguishing the Amount, in Quantity and Value of each Year; and

Februarii. A. 1732.

what hath been paid thereon into the Exchequer: And also,

An Account of the Amount of all Seizures of Tea, Coffee, Cpcoa-nuts, Cocoa-paste, and Chocolate, for Eight Years, ended at Midsummer 1732; distinguishing the Amount, in Quantity and Value, of each Year; and what hath been paid thereon into the Exchequer: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Tobacco seized, and condemned, for Seven Years, annually, to Chr ifmas 2731; and the Payments thereon into the Exchequer: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Wine seized, and condemned, for Seven Years, annually, to Christmas 1731; and the Payments thereon into the Exchequer.

And then he w ithdrew.

And the Return and the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Return and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Return and Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna.26° die Februarii;

Anno 6* Georgii IP1 Regis, 173a. Prayers.

rTHH E House being informed, that some of the Com-X missioners of the Excise attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, a List of the Names of the Commissioners of Excile; and the Names of the several Persons concerned in the Collection of the Revenues under their Management; with their respective Employments, and Salaries.

And they also presented to the Ilonfe, pursuant to their Order, Accounts of the Gross and Net Produce of the publick Revenues under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, for that Part of Great Britain called England; with an Account of the Money allowed, or paid, for Drawbacks, on Exportation, or other Allowances; from Midsummer 1716 to Midsummer 1732; distinguishing each Branch of Duty under their reijpettive Heads: And also,

Accounts of the whole Charges of the Management, and Incidents; distinguishing them, and likewise each Branch of 4be several Duties, under their respective Heads, for each Year, from Midsummer 1721 to Midsummer 1732: And also.

An Account ofr the Quantity of Tea, Coflfee, and Chocolate; with the Amount of th^Duties received on. the said Quantities of Tea, Coffee, and Chocolate; and the Charges in collecting the same; from Midsummer 1724 to Midsummer 1732; distinguishing each Year, and each Commodity: And also,

The Amount of the Duties arising from home-made Spirits, from Midsummer 1731 to Midsummer 1732: And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Drawbacks upon Spirits exported, from Midsummer 1731 to Midsummer 1732: And also.

An Account flic wing how much of the Duties arising from home-made Spirits, from Midsummer 1731 to Midsummer 1732, hath been charged as low Wines from foreign Materials, and foreign Wines, low Wines from malted Corn, low Wines from Cyder, and as Spirits from such low Wines: And also.

An Account of what Number of Licences have been taken out for felling or retailing mixed or compound* Liquors, from Midsummer 1731 to Midsummer 1732: And also,

The

ExcJfo

Kevcmi<v

6 Geo. II. 26°

The Amount of the Duties which have arisen by the Licensing of the Retailers of compound Spirits, from Midfuimner 1731 to Midsummer 173a: And also,

An Account of the Produce of the Duty upon Beer and Ale from Midsummer 1731 to Midsummer 1731: And a)lb,

An Account of what Excise has been paid for foreign Spirits and Brandies imported, from Midsummer 1717 to Midjitmmci' 1732; distinguishing each Year.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Lift and Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Lift, Amounts, and Accounts* do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift, Amounts, and Accounts, are bound up with the other Papers of this Section.

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Murray, Sir Nathanael Cur-eon, Mr. Drummond, Lord Glenorchy, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Campbell oiPembr', Mr. Munro, Mr. Rutherford, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Tilfon, Sir John Bruce, Sir John Williams, Sir Henry Hoghlon, Mr. Digby, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Walker, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Bacon, Colonel Read, Mr. Fitzroy, Mr. Gold, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Aledlicott* Mr. Yorke, Mr. Williams, Mr. Ongley, Sir Richard Lane\ and all the Members that serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Hackney The Hotife being informed, that feme of the Com.*

C«acb missioners for lrcensing Hackney Coaches attended at

the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, prefen ted 16 the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty, a List of the Names of the Persons, and their respective Employments, concerned in the; Collect ion of the Revenue under the Management of the Commissioners for licensing Hackney Coaches; with the Salary attending each Officer; and also, an Account of the wholeiCharge of Management, and IticidtmLs for each Year, from Michaelmas 1721 to Michaelmas 1732.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift and Account was read. Ordered, That the said Lift and Account do lie upon the Tal>le, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift and Account are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Tenfold* The House being informed that the Accomptant General to the East India Company attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, atthe^Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Quantity of Teas sold by the East India Company, from Chrifmas 1716 to Christmas 1732; in which is distinguished the Quantity at each Sale, drawn out by Order of the Directors of the said Company.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Linlithgow A Petition of the Magistrates, Council, and Commu-TownDebu. nity, of the Town of Linlithgow, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, a Duty of Two Penies&oAr, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, was laid on each Pint of Ale or Beer brewed and vended within the said Town; which, being granted fop a short Term, did not fully answer the Ends and Purposes for which it was given: That the said Town is dill engaged in considerable Debts, which the common Revenue thereof is not sufficient to discharge; and that the Inhabitants thereof are not able to discharge the fame, and defray the Expence of the necessary Repairs of the public Buildings and Streets thereof, now decayed and ruinous, without some Aififtance for that Purpose: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor continuing the Duties of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and fold within the said Town, and Privileges thereof, for . such further Term as to the House shall seem meet, to be added to the Revenue of the said Town, for the Pur- 1 ' poses aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And thakt they do.exa-V01. 22.

A Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church of St. George ! the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, as one of the Fifty new Churches directed to be built by Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Ninth, the other the Tenth, Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, was read a Second time.

Resolved, 'I hat the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House a Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; setting forth, That by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An additional Act for the rebuilding the City of London, Uniting of Parishes, and rebuilding of the Cathedral and Parochial Churches within the said City, for the further Convenience of Trade, the Channel of Bridewell Dock, from the Channel of the River of Thames to Holborn Bridge, was directed to be funk to a sufficient Level, whereby to make it navigable, under such Limitations as.are prescribed by. the said Act; and the 1 Profits arising by the Navigation of the said Channel were appropriated to- the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the said City: That,.in pursuance of the said Act, the Channel, was soon after made navigable from the Thames to Holborn Bridge; but that the Profits arising by the Navigation thereof have not answered the Charge of making the same navigable: That Part of the said Channel, from. Fleet Bridge to . Holborn Bridge* instead of being useful to Trade, as was intended, is not only filled up with Mud, and become useless, but.is now, and for some Years past hath been, a common Nuisance; and that several Persons have lately lost their Lives by falling into the fame: That the Expence of cleansing and repairing the fume will be very great; and that a greater annual Charge will be required, to keep the same in Repair, than the Profits arising therefrom will defray, and yet the same will never answer the Intent of the said Act: And

therefore praying. That a Bill may be brought in to repeal so much of the said Act as relates to the said Channel;, and to, impower the Petitioners to fill up Part of the said Channel from Fleet Bridge to Holbont Bridge* and to convert the Ground to such Uses as they shall think fit and convenient.

The House Jbeingrmoved,.that the Forty-seventh and Forty-eighth Sections of the said Act might be read;

The same were read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir

/ John

5t* George's Church in Southwark.

Bridewell Duck, and Fleet Ditch*

6o 26* —

John Eyles, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Alderman , and

Sir John Williams, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Importing A Petition of several Merchants of the City of Lon-

Diamonds whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other Traders and Dealers in Diamonds, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the City of London has, for many Years, been the Chief Mart for Diamonds, from whence most foreign Markets are supplied; and that great Quantities of rough Diamonds are now fentfrom Lisbon, and other Parts, to London, to be cut and polished; by which Manufacture only this Nation gains yearly a very great Sum: That what has contributed greatly to the Increase of this Trade, has been the fullering Diamonds to pass outwards, without Warrant or Fee; and the conveyance of them in the Mails, or Pacquet-boats, wherein the same used to be imported and exported with great Expedition and Safety; but that a Doubt has lately arisen, whether such Method of Conveyance be legal or not; That our Neighbours are so sensible of the Necessity of keeping secret the Quantities of Dia monds imported into any Country, that they suffer the Importation and Exportation thereof to be intirely free: That the Petitioners have great Reason to believe, that a much greater Quantity of rough Diamonds would be sent to England, to be manufactured, if the same were as safely and freely imported into England, as into other Nations; and that the free Importation thereof will probably confine this valuable Branch of Trade to this Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and give them such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ways Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported Means. frcm Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same vyeie read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, out of such Monies as have arisen from the Surpluffe.%Excesses, or Over plus-monies, commonly called the Sinking Fund, over and above what hath been applied to the Payment of One million, towards discharging the National Debt, pursuant to an Act of the last Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound, and no more, be raised, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred anc^Thirty-three, upon Lands, Tenements, Here-, drtaments. Pensions, Offices, and personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

The House was moved, that the Thirty-seventh Section of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for redeeming the Duties and Revenues which were settled to pay off Principal and Interest on the Orders made forth on Four Lottery Acts passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of her late Majesty’s Reign; and for redeeming certain Annuities payable on Orders out of the Hereditary Excise, according to a former Act in that

Februarii. A. 1732-

behalf; and forestablishing a General yearly Fund not only for the future Payment of Annuities at several Rates, to be payable and transfermble at the Bank of England, and redeemable by Parliament, but also to raise Monies for such Proprietors of the said Orders as shall choose to be paid their Principal, and Arrears of Interest, in ready Money; and for making* good such other Deficiencies and Payments as in this Act are mentioned; and for taking off the Duties on -Linseed imported, and British Linen exported; might be read;

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second of the said Resolutions, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills, be brought in pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Clayton, Sir George Oxenden, Mr. Doddington, Mr. Scrope, and Mr. Kelfall, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill or Bills, That they do insert, in One of the said Bills, a Clause, pursuant to the Resolution of the House, of the Twentieth of this instant February, That the Charge and Waste in melting the Broad Pieces, and any Halves and Quarters thereof, and the Deficiency which will be occasioned by receiving the same into the Mint at the Rate of Four Pounds and One Shilling* per Ounce Troy, be made good out of the Monies that have arisen, or shall arise, by the Coinage Duty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 2 70 die F;

Anno 6* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1732.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that some of the Land Tax, Commissioners for Taxes attended at the Door; &c. They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to ^even%3e* the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, a List of the Names of the Persons, and their respective Employments, concerned in the ColIeftion of the Land Tax, and Duties upon Houses, under the Inspection of the Commissioners for Taxes; with the Salary attending each Officer; and also, an Account of the whole Charge of Management for each Year, from Michaelmas 1721 to Michaelmas 1732.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift and Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift and Account are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Child, and Mr. Alderman Bridewe Parsons, be added to the Gentlemen who are to pre- pock, a pare, and bring in, a Bill, according to the Prayer of *ieet 1)1 the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, presented to the House Yesterday.

A Petition of the several Land-owners, Fanners, and Home-n Maltsters, residing in and about the Town of Hal/tead, Spirit in the County of Essex, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the DistillingTrade of Great Britain has been greatly discouraged by the Duty of Five Shillingsper Gallon, laid upon all compounddistilled Liquors by an Act of the Second Year of his present Majesty'sReign, by the Importation of Flemish Spirits, and by the continual Running of great Quantities of French Brandies; whereby not only the Petitioners, but the Landed Interest in general, is greatty affected for want

6 Geo. It. af Febr61

of the like Consumptidti of Corn used itt Distillatibri as formerly: And therefore praying th£ House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Relief to the Petitioners as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of Methods for encouraging the Making and Exporting of Home-made Spirits distilled from British Grain.

Mr. Plumptre reported Frbm the Committee, to Bofes whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Stock of Company, the Governor and Company for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, assembled in their General Court held at their House in Winchester-Jltect, the

1 Twelfth of January 1732, is referred, That he wafc di-rested by the Committee to acquaint the House, That the Committee had reason to apprehend, that Abrahanl Munioz, of Whitechappel, intends to withdraw himself from Examination; and that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That the said Abraham Munioz may be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, in order to his being examined.

Ordered, That the said Abraham Munioz be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Moti An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act kiefott. for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Common Meadows, in the Parish of Barfion, in the County of Warwick, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second time.

StMn’i A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, living in

and near the Roads leading from a Place called St. Johns Bridge, in the County of Berks, to a Place called Fxffeild, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House and read; alleging, That the said Roads, by reason of many heavy Carriages frequently passing through the fame, are become so bad and ruinous, that Passengers cannot pass andrepafs in the Winter Season without Danger; and that the Inhabitants of the Parishes wherein the said Roads lie are not able to repair the same effectually, unless some extraordinary Provision be made for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road aforesaid, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it Rial! appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr, Packer, Sir Wilfred Law-son, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr, Hamilton, Colonel Selwyn, Mr. Burton, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Henry Parsons, Mr. Heathcole, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Walcott, Mr. Campbell of Pembr. Mr. Tower, Mr, Whit-worth, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Vincent, Sir Robert Abdy, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr, \i Leheup, Lord Micklethwaite, Mr. Anncjley, Mr. Majlery

p Mr Earle, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Bromley,

Mr. Bacon, Sir JuJHnian I/ham, Captain Vernon, Mr. Carey, Mr. Sandys, Lord Gage, ^Av. Waller, Sir Roger Mei'edith, Sir James Grant, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Sir Thomas Sebright, Mr. Drew, Lord Percival, Sir Geo. c,;l M'kenfey, Major Selwyn, Mr. Parsons; and all the

nt). Members that serve for the Counties of Berks, Wilts,

Ghucefier, Oxon, Hereford, and South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

jj^Wi A Petition of Jcnn Rickefes, Gentleman, on thebe-half of Frances Brandon and Rebecca Brandon, Infants, Robert Heart, Brandon Heart, Thomas Pierce, and Anne his Wife, Anne Brandon, Widow, Brodnax Bran-ion, and Mary Brandon, was presented to the House, Voi. 22.

dnd read; setting forth, That William Brandon, Grand-fhther of the said Frances and Rebecca Brandon, and of the Petitioner Brandon Heart, Son of the Petitioner Robert Heart, and also Grandfather of the Petitioner Anne Pierce, Wife of the Petitioner Thomas Pierce, and Hufoand of the Petitioner Anne Brandon, and Father of the Petitioners Brodnax and Mary Brandon, being Agent Victualler at Portsmouth at the time of his Death, which happened in 1704, was indebted to the Crown; and that the Debt is now adjusted at £-3,078.

1 is. 1 \d. which cannot otherwise be paid than by Sale of the Estates which he died seized of, and are not included in the Settlement made upon his Marriage with the Petitioner Anne Brandon: That the Produce of such Sale will amount to a considerable Sum more than the said Debt, and the Charges of the said Sale; and that the Petitioners, being interested in the said Estates, are willing that the same should be fold, and that the said Debt, and the Charges of such Sale, should be first satisfied out of the Purchase-money; and that the Residiie thereof should be applied to the same Uses as the said Estates are subject to by the Will of the said William Brandon, and by a Covenant contained in the Articles made before his Marriage with the Petitioner Anne Brandon, smd dated 24th August 1694; but that, the said Frances and Rebecca being Infants, the said Estates cannot be fold without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: Arid therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for veiling the said Estates, so unsettled, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the said Debt to the Crown; and for applying the Residue of the Money arising by Rich Sale to and for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Wtition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Clutterbuck, Colonel Bladen, Lord Mickle-thwaite, Mr. Leheup, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Parsons,

Mr. Bevan, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Whitworth, Colonel Read, Lord Percival, Sir Geo. Saunders*

Mr. Pearce, Mr. Kelfall, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Byng, Sir Thomas Frankland, Mr. Earle, Sir John Heathcole,

Captain Baker, Captain Purvis, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr.

Gregory, Mr. Furnefe, Mr. Walker, Mr. Papillon, Mr.

Thompson, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Plummer,

Sir Robert Austen, Sir Roger Mei'edith, Mr. Bramftonf Mr. Hugh Williams, Mr. Anncjley, Sir Nathanael Cur-zon, Mr. Selwyn, Sir John Bruce, Mr. Dockminiqile,

Mr. Leigh, Lord Gage, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Waller, Mr,

Bacon, Lord Tyrconnell, Mr. GybbonJLovA Morpeth, Mr*

Walcot, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Harley: and all the Members that serve for the County of Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Repairs, &c; his Majesty, That he will begraciously pleased to give of Ships. Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House, an Estimate of what may be necessary for the Repairs and Rebuildings of his Majesty's Ships for the Year 1733.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Gafar reported from the Committee, to whom WadefmiU the Petition of the Justices of the Peace of and for the to Burley, County of Hertford, assembled at the General Quar- &c* Roadg' ter Sessions of the Peace holden for the said County of Hertford, the Second Day of October, in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, Annoque Domini1732; and of several Gentlemen and Freeholders of the said County of Hertford; and of the several Persons who have advanced Money on the Credit of the Acts hereafter mentioned; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition,

R and

6t\ 27* Februarii. A. 1732/

and bfid(Jireaed:lmn to report* the fame, as it appeared and other Pieces, and felling them to Journeymen to them,.to the House; And he read the Report in his Shoemakers, and others; to the Prejudice of the Pe-Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s titioners, who pay great Rents and Wages: That Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; the said (everpt Statutes are rendered ineffectual by the viz, Smallness of the Penalties thereby provided, and the.

The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, Difficulty of discovering and convincing the Offenders; of the Second of this inAant February, proceeded and that, without the Abidance of this House, the* to examine the Matter of the said Petition, Trade of the Cordwainers cannot be preserved, as was

And, to prove the Allegations thereof, intended by the said Acts, but is in great Danger of

The Agent for the Petitioners laid before the Com- being ruined: And therefore praying, That Leave may mittee the several Acts of Parliament that have passed be given to bring in a Bill for the Preservation of the for repairing the Highways within the Counties of said Trade; or that the Petitioners may have such fur-Heriford, Cambridge, and Huntingdon; viz. An Act ther or other A fli fiance and Relief in the Premises, a made in the 15th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty to the House shall seem meet.

King Charles the Second, whereby the Justices of the The House being moved. That the Twenty-fifth Sec-

Peace for the said County o ['Hertford were impowered tion of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of to appoint Surveyors for the Highways lying in that King James the First, intituled, An Act concerning County; and several Tolls, particularly mentioned in Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers that Ad, were granted for repairing the said High- occupying the Cutting of Leather, ibight be read; lyays; and a Place called Wadtfmill was thereby ap- The same was read accordingly,

pointed for taking the Toll for that County, for the Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Space of Eleven Year%. fix>in the pa®ng of the said

Ad: And ap Act passed ,in the 16 and 17th-Years of A Petition of WitliamWiddrington, late Lord Wid- Lord wwf-t|ie Reign of his feid late Majesty King Charles the drington, being p re fen ted. to the House; ‘ dringtonr*

Secqud, for continuing the said former Act for repair- Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the Difebditit* ing the: highways in the said County of Hertford, for House, That the same of the Petitioner having been d*r# taia* the Term of 21 Years, which Term was to commence humbly represen ted to his Majesty, his Majesty had from the Tjme nientionedrin the said First Ad: commanded him to acquaint this House, That hi*

v And an Act, made in the 4th and Years of the Majesty gives his Consent, that the House may do Reign of their late Majesties Kin % William and Queen therein as they think fit.

Mary., for reviving Two former Acts for repairing the Then the said Petition was read; setting forth. That laid Highways;. which A$ was to have Continuance the Petitioner was, on tiieiNiuth Day of February 1715* for 15 Years, from the passing thereof: attainted of High Treason, and thereby all his real and

And an Act marie in the Fifth Year of the Reign of personal Estate waa forfeited; and, by One or moYe her late Majesty Queen Anne, for continuing the Acts, Acts of Parliament, vested in Trustees, for the Use of the formerly made, for repairing the said Highways, for the Publick: That, by an Act, made in the Third Year of Term of 15 Years, from the passing of the said ASt: the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First,

And an AQ, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign intituled, An Act for the King’s most gracious and free of his late Majesty King George the First, for con- Pardon, the Petitioner was pardoned, and discharged tinning the Acts formerly made for repairing the said of and from Imprisonment, and Execution of his Per-llighw&ys, for the Term of 15 Years, from the 4th of son on this Attainder, but excluded from any other November 1722. Benefit of the said Act; and therefore dill remain*

Then Witnesses were called; vfc. under the Incapacities and Disabilities incurred by

Mr. Thomas Alderidge, Treasurer of the Tolls col- reason of the said Attainder: That, by a Clause in an lefled at WadefmiU: Who laid before the Committee A ft, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his said an Account of the Monies collected and borrowed by late Majesty, reciting. That, by Sale of the real and Virtue of the said Acts; by which Account it appeared, personal Estate of the Petitioner, and by the Rents and that there is now due, upon a Mortgage made of the Profits thereof received before such Sale, the Sum of said Toll, the Sum of £.2,000,* and upwards. £. 100,000,. and upwards, had been raised, and the

Edward Prier, One of the Surveyors of the said High- greatest Part thereof had been paid into the Receipt ways, Mr. Bojlack Toller, and the said Thomas Alderidge, of his Majesty’s Exchequer, the Sum of £. 12,000 was being federally examined, said. That the Roads di- directed to be issued and applied towards the Support rested to be amended by the said Acts contain, in and Maintenance of the Petitioner, and his Family;

Length, 20 Miles; and that many Parts thereof are, but that the Petitioner, by reason of his Attainder, is in the Winter Season, very bad; and that the Inhabi- not only in Danger of losing the Produce and Benefit of tants of the several Parishes, through which the said the said Sum of £.12,000, being incapacitated to sue.

Road leads, are not, by the Laws now in Force for Re- but is likewise wholly disabled to take or inherit any pairing of the Highways of this Kingdom, enabled to real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter amend the said Roads, and keep the same in good defeend or come to him, or which he wasintitled unto Repair. in Reversion before his Attainder: And therefore pray-

AnrJ it appeared to the Committee, That the said ing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Roads mentioned in the said Petition cannot be effec- removing the said Disabilities and Incapacities oc-tually amended, and kept in Repair, and the £.2,000 cafioned by the said Attainder, or for granting the so borrowed, repaid, unless the Term and Powers by Petitioner such other Relief as to the House shall the former Acts granted be further continued and er>- seem meet.

larged. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that render more effectuat several Acts passed for repairing Colonel Bladen, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Pulteney, Lord the Roads from IVadefmill, in the County of Hertford, Tyrconnel, and Sir William Yonge, do prepare, and to' Barley and Rnyjion, in the said County: And that bring in, the fame.

Mr. Caj'ar, Sir 'Thomas Sebright, and Mr, Richard Pin-

aner, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Cali of Ca1lof

the House, be now read. the House-

ShoA Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Common- And the same being read accordingly; twiClirrisrt alty, of the Mystery of Cordwainers, of the City of Ordered, That the"Call of the House be further ad-stade. London* was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting journed till this Day Fortnight, the Thirteenth Day of forth, That, iu Breach of several Acts of Parliament, March next.

divers Curriers, and others dealing in Leather, use the Ordered, That no Member of this House do pre-Trade of a Cord gainer, or Shoemaker, by privately fume to go out of Town, without Leave of the House. cutting their Leather into Soles,^UpperdeakLer^Welts

15 Ord&ed,

6 Geo. IL

27* — 28° Februdrii.

6 3

Ordered, That no Leave be asked for any Member to go out of Town, but between the Hours of One and Two of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr* Speaker do write circular Letters to the Sheriffs and Stewards of the several Counties of Great Britain, requiring the Attendance of the Members of this House* on this Day Fortnight* the Thirteenth Day of March next;and that this iloufe will pro* ceed with the utmost Severity against such Members as flball not then attend the Service of the House*

Copies of which Letters are as follow; viz*

From the House of Commons* 27th February 1732.

Sir,

I am commanded by the house of Commons to acquaint you, That you are, immediately upon the Receipt of this, to summon the Representatives of your County, and Boroughs within the same* to attend their Service in Parliament on this Day Fortnight the 13th Day of March next; the House of Commons intending to proceed with the utmost Severity against such of their Members as shall then neglect to attend the Service of the House; and you are to give me an Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done thereon, upon Pain of incurring the Displeasure of the said House.

I am, Sir,

Your humble Servant,

Ar' Onslow, Speaker;

% vFrom the House of Commons, the 27th of 1733.

May it please your Grace,

I am commanded by the House of Commons to desire your Grace, immediately upon the Receipt of this, to summon the Members of Parliament for the Cinque Ports, to attend their Service in Parliament on this Day Fortnight the 13th Day of March next, the House of Commons intending to proceed with the utmost Severity against such of their Members as shall then neglect to attend the Service of the House. Your Grace will also be pleased to give me an Account of the Receipt of this Letter; and what you have done thereupon. I am, with the utmost Respect, my Lord,

Your Grace’s most humble,

and most obedient Servant,

Ar* Onslow, Speaker. To his Grace the Duke of Dorset, Lord

Warden of the Cinque Ports.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to consider of Methods for encouraging the Making and Exporting of Home-made Spirits distilled from Briiifli Grain.

the Towns of Arundel, Little hampton, Petworth, and Places adjacent, in the County of Sussex, is referred.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Petition Proceeding! of the Gentlemen of the Grand Jury, Justices of the off.cclefiai-PeaCe, and other Gentlemen and Inhabitants, now of tical Courts* late of the County of Derby, and elsewhere, in the Diocese of Coventry and LitchfieUU figrted at the Affixes at Derby, the Twelfth Day of August, and at other Placed and Times since, Anno Domini 1732, is referred, have Power to report their Proceedings, from time to time* to the House, as they shall think fit*

The House being moved* that the First Section of Vexatiou* an Act made in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Arrests iu Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render Wales, &c* more effectua!, an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and that the First Section of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,:intituled*

An Act: that all Proceedings in Courts of Justice, within; that Part of Great Britain called England, and in the Court of Exchequenin Scotland, shall be in the English Language; might b'd read.

The same was retfd accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill foF the more effectual /preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and for the more easy Recovery of Debts and Damages, in the Courts of Great SelBons, in the Principality of Wales, amd. in the Court of Ash^e, in the Coturty Palatine of-Chester\ and for the obviating a Doubt, which has arisen, upon an Act, made in the Fourth*

Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act* that all Proceedings in Courts*of Justice, within that;

Part of Great Britain called England, and in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, shall be in the English Lan* guage, so far as the same Act doth or may relate to the Courts of Justice holaen within the said Principality:

And that Mr. Bevan, Mr. Jejjbp, Sir William Yonge, and Mr. Hugh Williams, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Member!

Quaiifica*

tion.

Lwm-

Highways.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the Laws relating to the Methods by which Persons are charged towards repairing the Highways, and to make the same more equal, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 28° die Februarii;

Anno 6# Georgii IP1 Regis, 1732.

Ordered, That the Bill to aitiend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the farther qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons, be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morn* ing next.

Mr. Winnington presented to the House, according Thames to Order, a Bill for the better Regulation of Laftage Laftageand and Ballastage in the River Thames: And the same was Ballastage* received; and read the First time*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Gaunter Nicoll have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, oft account of the Death of his Lady’s Father.

Leave of Absence.

Colonel Bladen prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable William Widdrington, late Lord rington’sDif* Widdrington, to sue, or maintain, any Action or Suit, abilities by notwithstanding his Attainder, and to remove any Dif- Attainder, ability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real orpersonal Estate, that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him, or which he was intitled unto, in Reversion or Remainder, before his At* tainder: And the same was received.

Arundel

fort.

Mr. Bichard Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, pafi’ed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for re-

----- ----- ----- — , pairing the Roads therein mentioned, from the Parish

Merchants, Tradesmen, and others, the Inhabitants of oiEndfield, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Vol. 22. ' ' Herb*

Prayers.

QRD ERE D, That Mr. Jewkes and Mr. Piers, and all the Merchants of the House, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen,

EndBeld, &c. Roads.

c»

($4 2 8° Februarii. A. 1731.

Hertford, and to the glreat Bridge in in the the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the County of Hertford, whose Names are thereunto sub- Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

(bribed; and also of the several Inhabitants living in or Where the Amendments were once read throughout; near the said Road; was referred; That the Committee and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon t he Ques-had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had tion severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to, and the rest were agreed unto, by the House. to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and And several Amendments were made by the House afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where to the Bill.

the same was read; and is as follows; viz. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, ingrossed.

of the 15th Instant* proceeded to examine the

Matter of the said Petition: Mr Plumptrc reported from the Committee, to whom York Build*

And, to prove the Allegations of the fame, the fbl- the Petition of the Proprietors of the Stock of the Go- ings Corn-lowing Witnesses were called; viz. vernor and Company for raising the Thames Water, in

Mr. Bofiock Toller: Who said, That the Roads were York Buildings, assembled in their General Court held in such a ruinous Condition at the time of passing the at their House in Winchester street, the Twelfth of said Act, that the Trustees were obliged to borrow a January 1732, is referred, That he was directed by considerable Sum of Money, on the Credit of the Aa, in the Committee to move the House, That the Serjeant order to make the Roads passable; and that there is now at Arms attending this House be ordered to bring to due, on the Credit of the Toll, the Sum of One thou- the Committee, from time to time, Abraham Munioz, sand Pounds, and upwards; and although the Monies ordered in his Custody, in order to his being examined borrowed, and also what hath been colleaed by the as often as the Committee shall think fit to require the Tolls* have been duly applied, according to the Direc- fame.

ttons of the said Act; yet Part of the said Roads are, by Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this reason of the excessive Weights of Carriages frequently House do bring to the said Committee, from time to passing and repairing through the Roads, in such a bad time, the said Abraham Munioz, in order to his being Condition, that the repairing thereof, so as to make the examined as often as the said Committee shall think lit feme commodious for Travellers, will require a very to require the fame, considerable annual Sum.

Egbert Brittain, a Stage Coachman, being examined The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Supply, as to the Condition of the Road, mentioned in the Pe- into a Committee of the whole House, to consider fur-tition, which leads from the great Bridge at Wvre, to the ther of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

South End of the great Bridge at Wadesmill, in the Pa- Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se-rish of Thundridge, in the said County* said. That he vennight, resolve itself into the said Committee, travels through that Road every Week; and that several

Parts thereof are so ruinous, that it is very difficult to The other Order of the Day being read;

pass through the fame, and that Passengers have been The House resolved itself into a Committee of the importing

veiy often obliged to get out of the Coach. whole House, to consider of the Petition of several Mer- Diamonds,

_ Thomas Metcalfe, a Waggoner, to confirm Robert chants of the City of London, whose Names are there- *c-Brittain's Evidence, said, That he is well acquainted with unto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other the said Road, which is the great Northern Road; and Traders and Dealers in Diamonds, that the same is now in so bad Condition, that Carts and . Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Carriages are frequently broke; and that it is dangerous Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

to Travellers; and that the said Road cannot be effec- Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

tually amended without the further Aid of Parliament. Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee,

Mr. Toller, being further examined, said, He is well That they had come to several llesolutions; which acquainted with the Road leading from the great Road they had directed him to report, when the House will at Cheshunt, to the Well End of Small Lea Bridge, in please to receive the same.

the Parish of Cheshunt; and that the same is so bad in Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday the Winter Season, that it is dangerous to Travellers. Morning next.

And it appeared to the Committee, That the Two last mentioned Roads join to the Roads directed to be re- Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom Charitable

paired by the former Act; and that the said Two Roads the Petition of the Proprietors of the charitable Corpo- Corporation cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, un- ration for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them less some further ProYifion be made for that Purpose. with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, af-Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for sembled in a General Court, is referred. That he was making more effectual an Act, passed in the Eleventh directed by the said Committee to make a Motion to Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the the House.

First, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, from Ordered, That Mr. Sandys have Leave to make a the Parish of Endfield, in the County of Middlesex, to Motion, it being near Four of the Clock, the Town of Hertford, and to the great Bridge in Ware, And he moved the House accordingly,

in the County of Hertford; and for amending the Road Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Petition from the said great Bridge, to the South End of the of the Proprietors of the charitable Corporation for Regreat Bridge at Wadesmill>*n& from the great Road at Bef of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Cheshunt, to the West End of £*0 Bridge, in the Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in a said County of Hei'tford: And that Mr. Richard Flu- General Court, is referred, have Leave to lit, notwith-mer, Mr. Cafar, Sir Thomas Sebright, and Mr. Mon- (landing any Adjournment of the House. jbn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Laws rt- Mr. Bramston, according to Order, reported from the

tyeAing Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to ex-Hifhways. plain, amend, and render more effectual, the Laws relating to the Methods by which Persons are charged towards repairing the Highways, and to make the same more equal, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Nine of the Clock,

Ft. Alban's, fee. Hoads.

Ipswich

Hoads.

Ditto.

6 Geo. II. 20

Vi eneris, 2* d Martii;

Anno 6° (Jcorgii 11^ Regis, 1732.

pRA V IKS.

AP ET IT IO N of the acting Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, of glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways through the several Parishes of St. Michael, St. Albany St. Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex; and also an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and wideninglhe Road leading from the Black Bull Inn, in Dunjiable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shaffurd-house, in the said County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Toll granted by the said rtrft-mentioned Act, and the Monies borrowed thereupon, have been duly applied to the Amendment of the said Highways; which are nevertheless very ruinous, by reason of the great Number of Waggons and Carriages continually drawn thereon: That there is a Debt of £. 1,380 full subsisting, for Monies borrowed for repairing the said Highways; which cannot be repaid, and the said Highways sufficiently repairer!, and so kept, unless the Term, granted by the said first-mentioned Act, be inlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inlarging the said Term, or that such otl>er Relief may he given in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Grim(lony Mr. Spencer, Mr. Richard Plainer, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Kempy Captain Punis, Mr. llealhcoU\ Mr. Leiceny Mr. Hojle% Colonel Comuallis, Mr. Brookjlanky Mr. Sehvyn, Mr. Han'ijon, Mr. TufntUy Mr. IVollaston, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Longuevillcy Mr. Me^ryll, Mr. Pulteney, Sir Thomas Saunderforiy Mr. Lifter, Mr. Tremain, Mr. Packery Sir John Rujhouty Sir James Campbell, Mr. Vernony Mr. Plummery Sir Nathanael Curzony Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Bevan% Mr. Sandj/s; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunder subscribed, being the chief of the Inhabitants dwelling in thoNcighhourhood, and near the Road herein after-mentioned, as well on the behalf of themselves, as others the rest of the Inhabitants there; and also,

A Petition of the Bailiffs, principal Burgesses, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Eyey in the County of Suffolk, and of several Inhabitants of the Town of Difsy in the County of Norfolk\ whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Road leading from Ipswich to Cleydon; and the Road called the Pye Road, in the County of Suffolk, which had Continuance for the Term of Twenty-one Years, from the First Day of May 1712, is almost expired; and that, although the Tolls granted by the said Act have been duly applied to the Repair of the said Roads, _yet several Parts thereof are still in a bad Condition in the Winter-season, and will soon become dangerous, and scarce passable, if the Term and Powers, granted by the said Act, are not inlarged and continued: And Vo ju 22.

therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inlarging the Term and Powers, granted by the said Act, for so long time, and in such manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Jermyn Davers, Colonel Corn-ivallisy Mr. Leheupy Mr. Morton, Mr. BrookJbanky Mr. Campbell, Mr. Sandyss Mr. Vernony Mr. Tufnell, Sir Nathanael Curzony Sir Robert Aujleny Captain Vernonfi Mr. Vincent, Mr. Longucvilley Lord Percivatly Mr. Trebyf Sir John Williams, Mr. Yor/ce, Mr. Martin, Captain Purvisy Mr. Edward Walpole, Mr. Philips, Sir John Jleathcote, Mr. lleathcote, Mr. Win ford. Sir Charles Turnery Sir James Granty Mr. Lifter, Sir Roger Meredithy Mr. Woltaftoiiy Mr. St. Quint in 9 Sir John Hind Cottony Mr. Scaweny Mr. Bevan; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Suffolk, Norfolk, and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of William Harvest Esquire, on behalf of his Son George Harvest, an Infant, of the Age of Sixteen Years, or thereabouts; and of Tash Harvejly and William Harvejl\ both Infants, and Sons of the said William Hanxjly and George Tash Esquire, Trustee for the said George Harvest, during his Minority; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That Wm. Jlatton Esquire, fmee deceased, by his Will devised certain Messuages, Houses, and Buildings, with their Appurtenances, situate in Mark-lane x in the City of JLondo/iy in the Parish of All Saints Barkin% to his Nephew William Hatton, and Anne his Wife, and their Heirs, subject to the yearly Payments of Twenty Pounds clear of all Taxes, unto the Minister of the Parish of East Moulfcy, in the County of Surrey, for the Time being; and of Four Pounds and Ten Shillings for Buying of Ruggs to be given yearly, for ever, to Six poor Housekeepers: That the said Anne survived her said Husband William; and, by her Will, gave the Premises to her Nephew the said George Harvejly and his Heirs, subject to the said yearly Payments; and upon condition to pay to his Brothers, the said Tash Harvest and William Harvejly One hundred Pounds a-piece at their Ages of One-and-twenty Years; but, if either of them should happen to die before that Age, then to pay the Part of him, so dying, to the Survivor; and the said Anney by her said Will, directed the Petitioner George Tash to receive the Rents of the Premises, and put the same out at Interest, until the said George Harvest should attain the Age of One and twenty Years; and, in case he should not attain that Age, (he gave the Premises to the Petitioner George Tajhy and his Heirs: That the said Anne is (ince dead, and the said Messuages, Houses, and Buildings, have been, from the time of her Death, and are now, untenanted, and are become so ruinous, that there is a Necessity of rebuilding them, or laying out a large Sum of Money in the Repairs thereof; but that the Petitioner George Tash is not enabled to rebuild or repair the fame, or to grant Building Leases thereof for any longer Term, than until the said George Harvest shall attain his Age of One-and-twenty Years; and that the said several yearly Payments of Twenty Pounds, and Four Pounds and Ten Shillings, are now, and will probably remain, in Arrear: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower and enable the said George Tajhy and George Ilarveft, to convey and alien the said Messuages, Houses, and Buildings; and for veiling the same in Trustees to to be sold, subject to the aforesaid yearly Payments of Twenty Pounds, and Four Pounds and Ten Shillings; and, with the Monies arising by the.Sale thereof, to purchase other Lands to be settled to such Uses, as the Premises are by the Will of the said Anne Hatton; or otherwise, that the Petitioner George Tash may be enabled to grant Building Leases for the fame, for the best

S Rent,

Harvest'j

Estate.

La Motte’s Kat.

PapiAs Deeds and Wills.

Supply Bill; Lind Tax.

Land Tax Arrears.

Answer to Address.

St. Paul, Shad well Church.

66

Martii.

A. 173 2'

Rent, not exceeding Sixty-one Years, and as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Vincent, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Conduit, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Master, Mr. Or-lebar, Captain Vernon, Mr. Brook/bank, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Gregory, Major Sclzvyn, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Crosse, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Tower, Sir Robert Austen, Sir. Leheup, Captain Purvis, Mr. Healhcole, Sir Rowland Alfton, Colonel Dalrymple, Mr. Ducket, Colonel Campbell, Mr. Earle, Mr. Hajlcin Stiles, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Pullcmy, Alderman Perry, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Holland, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Digby, Sir Wm. Carezv, Sir John Williams, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Be-van, Mr. Campbell; and all the Members that serve for the County of Surrey, and City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Jean Logic r La MoUe was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was born out of his Majesty’s Allegiance; but hath always professed the Prdfcestant Religion, and given good Testirr.ony of his Loyalty to his Majesty: And praying,

That Leave may be giveu to bring in a Bill for his Na-tiralization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hamilton and Mr Vincent do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Holland reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for allowing further Time for Inroilment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, and Lessees; was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; ami afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed unto, by the House:

And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-three: And the same was received; and read the Firsttime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of what Money is now remaining in the Exchequer, on Arrears of former Land Taxes.

Sir Charles Wager reported to the House, That their Address of Tuesday last, That his Majesty would be gra-ciouflypleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House, an Estimateof what maybe necessary for the Repairs and Rebuildings of his Majesty’s Ships for the Year 1733, had been presented to

Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalfof themselves, and the other Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Parish Church belonging to the said Parish having been originally designed only as a Chapel of Ease to the Mother Church of Stepney, and, being flightlybuilt, is, by Length of Time, and the ill Construction of the Roof, become ruinous; and that the Petitioners are disabled, by reason of the Poverty of the said Parish, to rebuild or support the said Church, the Charge of rebuilding or supporting the same amounting to Five thousand Pounds, and upwards, without the Assistance of Parliament: That the Petitioners have always contributed to the Duties upon Coals brought into the Port of London; and that the Commissioners for the Fifty new Churches did, some Years since, purchase a Piece of Ground in the said Parish, for the Site of a new Church and Church-yard; which Ground has not been used for that Purpose: And therefore praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring ip a Bill for applying the said Sum of Five thousand Pounds out of the Fund arising from the lard Duties, whereby to rebuild the said Church as One of the Fifty new Churches j or that such other Relief may be given, as to tire House shall seem most meet; and that the Commissioners may be impowered to grant the said void Ground for a Burial-place to the fair! Parish, they being very much Heightened for Burying ground.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of a Committee;

Tire House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

67.

Tellers for the Noes,

C Sir John Williams, \

\ Mr. Winford: )

j Sir Rowland Alfton,\

\ Mr. Orlebar: 3

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

A Petition of several Merchants, Traders, and others, Removal of whose Namesare thereunto subscribed, Citizens, and In- S",t,foa.t habitants, of the City of London, in behalf of themselves, cwm?* and the rest of their Fellow Citizens, and Inhabitants, of the same City, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the frequent Holding of the Mayor’s and Sheriffs Courts within the said City, and the cheap and expeditious Method of Proceeding the rein, for the Recovery of Debts, contracted within the said City, is of great Benefit to the Citizens and Inhabitants thereof; but that vexations Debtors, arrested for small Debts, in order to delay the Plaintiffs, do frequently remove, by Writs of Habeas Corpus, the Plaintsand Actions brought against theminto the Courts of Westminster-hall; whereby the Plaintiffs, in such Actions, are often necessitated to submitto the Lossof their Demands, rather than to the Trouble and Expence of prosecuting their Suits in the f.iperior Courts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the Removal f any Plaint or Action from the said Mayor’s or Sheriffs Courts, which shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, or such other Sum as to the House shall leem meet.

The House being moved, that the Fourth Section of an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of*

King James the First, intituled, An Act for avoiding of vexatious Delays, caused by removing Actions and Suits out of inferior Courts, might be read;

The same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the Removing of Suits out of the Courts of Re-

his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded cord of any City, or Town Corporate, within that Part

him to acquaint this House, That he will give tions accordingly.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Over-seers of the Poor, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Paul, Shadivell, within the Manor of Stepney, alias Stebonhcath, in the County of Middlesex, whose *7

Direc- of Great Britain called England, where the Matters iu Demand do not exceed aSum to be limited in the B;l!: And that Sir John Barnard, Mr. Alderman iV/ry, Mr. Attorney General, Sir William Yonge, Mr. Winnington* Mr. Scrope, Mr. Sandys, and Mr. Bevan, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition

6 Geo. II.

2° Martii.

67

puttf of Atboir® Title.

A Petition of James Duke of Atholl was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That by an Act passed in the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for vesting the Honour and Ettate of John Duke of Atholl in James Murray Esquire, commonly called Lord James Murray^ after the Death of the said Duke; reciting, That, by an Act of the same Session of Parliament, the Petitioner’s elder Brother, William Murray Esquire, commonly called Marquis of Tnllibarden, eldest Son and Heir apparent of John Duke of Atholl, the Petitioner’s late Father, since deceased, flood convicted and attainted of High Treal’on; and that the Petitioner, and his said Father, had con- , ilantly adhered to his late Majesty, and rendered him considerable Services; and, as a Reward of their steady Loyalty, his said late Majesty was moil graciously pleased to give his Royal Consent, That thie Honours, Titles, and Ettate, of the said late Duke, should, after his Death, be continued in his Family; it was enacted, That the said Act of Attainder should not be construed to extend to prevent anyDefcentof Honours or Ef-tatefrom the Petitioner’s said Father to the Petitioner, and his Issue; but that all and every such Honours, Titles, and Estates, should, from and immediately after his Death, defeend and come to the Petitioner, and his Issue, in such manner as the same would have done, in case the said William Murray had npt been attainted, and had died without Issue, in the Life-time of the said late Duke: That the Petitioner apprehends it was the' Intention of the Legislature, that none of the rest of the Family of the said late Duke should suffer by the said Attainder of his said eldest Son; but, by the Words of the said first-mentioned Act, it may be doubtful whether any Failure of Issue Male of the Petitioner the Honours would continue in the Family, and defeend to the said late Duke’s other Sons, who are dutiful and affeftionateto his Majesty; and whether the Petitioner, or the other Issue of the said late Duke, could'take ok

enjoy any Title or Estate that might come by collateral Descent, as they might do, if the said William Murray had not been attainted, and died without Issue, in the said late Duke’s Life-time: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, that a Bill n*ay be brought in to explain and amend the said last mentioned Act, foas that the said Attainder of the said William Murray may not be construed to extend to prevent any Descent of Honours or Estate to the Petitioner, or his Issue, or to the Issue or Heirs Male of the said late Duke.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That the same of the Petitioner having been humbly represented to his Majesty, his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That his Majesty gives his Consent, that the House may do therein as they think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Yonge, and Mr. Duncan Forbes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Wager, from the Commissioners for exe- Buildings curing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Bru &c. of Ships. tain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Estimate of the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships, for the Year 1733:

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The laid Estimate is as follows; viz.

v«i. 21

Na rj

Navy Office, > An ESTIMATE of the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, at his Majesty’s Yard, over and above what are proposed to be done on the J Jth January 1732,) Head of Wear and Tear, and are not included in the ordinary Estimate for the Navy for the Year 1733; prepared in pursuance of Directions from the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, signed by Letter, of the 29th past, from Mr. Burchett, their Lurdships Secretary.

Ov

00

Place where.

Deptford

Woolwich

Chatham

D

eg'

n'

CD

CL

CT

(D

o

0§

FT

Sheerness

Portsmouth

Plymouth

of Guns Ships Names. Nature of their Hepair. In what Dock. Time when to be Estimate of the Charge of their TOTAL.

r . Taken in Hand. Completed. r Hulls. Rigging, and Stores.

80 RuJJcll Rebuilding - . Head of the Double Dock In hand Uncertain - 6,451 3,290 9,741

70 New Ship Building, in lieu of the Bredah - East Slip - Ditto - m Ditto - - 3.853 2,14a — — 5*995

60 Burlington Rebuilding - West Slip ... April next - Ditto - - 2,000 - 2,000 — —

80 Cumberland Rebuilding - - Middle Slip In hand Uncertain 3,000 ... 3,000

60 New Ship - Building, in lieu of the Pembroke East Slip ... Ditto June - - 5,047 >>533 6,580 — —

Rippon Rebuilding - - West Slip - Ditto , Uncertain - 8,000 >>533 — — 9,533 —

Superb Great Repair - Head of the Double Dock Ditto Ditto - - 3,000 3,000 — —

5° Dragon - Ditto - - Stern of Ditto Feb. next - Ditto - - 5,485 — - 5>485

IOO Royal Ann Rebuilding - South Slip - In Hand Uncertafn - 2,000 — — - 2,000 — —

00 Sandwich - Great Repair - Old Single Dock - Ditto - March next 2,000 — gOO 2,500 — —

80 Chichester - Middling Repair - - South Dock May next - Sep. next 4,000 - 4,000 — —

DevonJJiire Ditto - - Ditto - In Hand - April next - 3>°oo — — m 3,000

7° Elizabeth - Rebuilding - Middle Slip Ditto - Uncertain - 3,000 - 3,000

Essex - - Middling Repair - - Old Single Dock - April next - August next 4,000 - 4,000 — r —

Nassau Ditto - - 2d New Dock March next June next - 4,000 4,000 — —

60 New Ship - Building, in lieu of the Tilbury North Slip In Hand - April next - 4,500 2,097 6,597 — —

Strafford - Rebuilding - - Ditto - - - May next - Uncertain - 2,000 — — 2,000 — —

50 Glocester - Rebuilding - m - The Slip - - - In Hand - Uncertain - 400 — — 400 — —

IOO Victory Rebuilding - Double Dock In Hand - Uncertain - 3,000 — — - 3,000

9° St. George Ditto - Slip between the Docks Ditto - Ditto - - 2,000 — — - 2,000 — —

f 80 Boyne - - Middling Repair - - North Dock Ditto - Ditto w - 4>5°° — - 4,5°° — —

60 Dunkirk - Rebuilding South Slip at the Bason Ditto - - Ditto - - 5>5°° - 5,500 — —

Lyon - - Great Repair - South Dock April next - Ditto - . 0,75° - . - a>75°

War refer - Rebuilding - North Slip at the Bason Ditto Ditto - - 2,000 — — - 1,000 — —

60 New Ship - Building, in lieu of the Warwick North Slip - - In Hand - May next - 3>255 U347 4,602 —

1 Ditto - - Ditto - Jersey - Great Slip - - April next - Uncertain - 1,07° - 1,070

Weymouth Rebuilding North Slip - - May next m Uncertain - *>75° - a*75°

Total - - - £ 1 1 vn *» Cl 12,442 — 104,003

Q

?T:

ABSTRACT.

For the Hulls of the Ships - - - - . - 91,561-

For Rigging, and Stores ..... . 12,442 ---

Total - £. 104,003-----

The Sum of One hundred and Four thou find and Three Pounds.

Ja. MiglirtljJa. Acuorth, 7ho. P, Geo. J.

<1

K4

6 Geo. II, a° Martii. 69

Dee Mr. Hugh Williams presented to the House, accord-Navigation. ing to Order, a Bill to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester: And the same was received.

Tiverton A Petition of the Mayor, Justice, capital Burgesses, Chapel and Assistants, of the Corporation of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, and of the Churchwardens of the said Parish of Tiverton; and of the principal Inhabitants residing within the said Town and Parish; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Parish Church of Tiverton aforesaid, not being capable of receiving the numerous Inhabitants of the said Parish, a Chapel of Ease hath been built, by the Subscription of the Petitioners, and by other Benefactions, on Part of the Ground purchased for the Site thereof, near a Street called St. Andrews Street; but that no Provision hath yet been made for the Maintenance of a Minister, or Mi-nifters, to officiate therein, or for defraying other incident Charges: That the said Church and Parish being divided into Four several Parts, or Portions, by the Names of Pit, Clare, Tidecombe, and Priors Quarters or Portions; which lall Quarter or Portion is appropriated to the Provost arid Fellows of King's College in Cambridge; it has been proposed, by the present Rectors of the said Portions of Pit, Clare, and Tidtcombs* and the Curate under the said College, who have, everiince the Finish'ing of the said Chapel, voluntarily, and without any Recompence, officiated therein: That they, and their Succefiois, shall, at all times hereafter, officiate in the said Chapel, by Turns, as they now do in the said Parish Church of Tiverton, provided that a competent yearly Provision or Maintenance might be made for the said Rectors and Curate for the Time being; but that no such Provision can be effected, and established, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying. That a Bill may be brought in for making the said Chapel a perpetual Cure; and for providing a Maintenance for the Ministers thereof; and for such other Purposes as shall be thought fit and con-I venient in that Behalf.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Wm. Younge, Mr. Treby, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Elliot, Sir Janies Campbell, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Fane, Mr. Serope, Mr. Burton, Mr.* John Campbell, Mr. Orlcbar, Sir Jer-myn Davers, Mr. White, Mr. Crispe, Lord Glenorchy, Sir Abra. Elton, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Earle, Mr. St. Quinton, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Walker, Captain Vernon, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. More, Lord Grimfion, Mr. Campbell, Sir JuJlinian Isham, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Harley, Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Lifter, Sir Geo. MlKenfte, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Sevan, Mr. Parsons, Sir James Grant, Major Selivyn, Mr. Conduit, Sir Wm. Lnvther, Sir Orl. Bridgman, Sir John Bruce, Mr. Creffe, Mr. Philips, Sir Robert Furn^ffe, Sir John Hind Cotton, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Rawlinson Earle, Mr. Hed-worth, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Thompson, Lord Micklethwaite, Mr. Watkyn Wms. Wynne, Mr. Digby, Lord Harvey, Colonel Read, Colonel Onslow, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Burrell, Lord Percival, Mr. Edwards, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Gregory, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Wm. lucvinx, Mr. Master, Mr. Ongley, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Fitz Roy, Sir Wm. Courtney, Mr. Longucville, Mr. Vincent, Sir James Thornhill, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Wort ley, Mr. Leheupe, Mr. Williams, Sir John Rvftiout, Mr. Carteret, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Jessop, Mr. Viner, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Winford; and all the Members that serve for the County of Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of th* Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for persons. Papers, and Records. VolM.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Cries, Midhell, Och- Damages terarder, Dunning, Blackfoord, and the neighbouring done by the Houses, in the Shire of Perth, was presented to the Kebels. House, and read; setting forth, That, in the Month of January 1715, the Five Villages afore-mentioned, and a considerable Number of Houses in their Neighbourhood, were burned by the Rebels in Scotland, and their whole Goods destroyed, and they exposed to the Rigour of a very severe Winter; and that the Extent of their Lodes sustained thereby hath been certified to be £.4,333. 17s. — fd. Sterling; but that the Provision made by Parliament for their Relief hath not produced any thing for that Purpose: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and to make such Provision for their Payment, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Royal African Company of Eng- African

land, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, Company. That this House having, in the last Session, upon full Examination and Consideration of the Trade to Africa, granted the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements belonging to the said Company, the said Sum hath been applied accordingly; and it having appeared to the House, that the said Forts and Settlements cannot be supported, and the Trade preserved, without the Aid of Parliament: Therefore praying, That such larther Provision may be made in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That his Majesty being informed of the Contents of the said Petition, had been pleased to command him to acquaint this House, That his Majesty recommends it to their Consideration, to make such farther Provision in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Royal African Company of England, do lay before this House the Establishment for their several Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, with the Charges thereof, for the Year 1732; distinguishing how much of the same is on account of Trade, and how much for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Forts and Settlements; and also, an Account how the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament, towards the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, hath been disposed of.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charges of the Royal African Company of England, for the Maintenance of the several British Forts and Settlements belonging to the said Company, on the Coast of Africa, for the Year 1733, be laid before this House.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported imputing from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Diamonds, was referred to consider of the Petition of several Mer- Mediants of the City of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other Traders and Dealers in Diamonds, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House, which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Diamonds, Pearls, Rubies, Emeralds, and all other Jewels, and precious Stones, be imported into this Kingdom, free of all Duties and impolitions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Diarponds, Pearls, Rubies, Emeralds, and all other Jewels, and precious Stones, be imported and exported into and out of this Kingdom, in any Ships or Vessels whatsoever, without Entry, Warrant, or Fee.

The said Resolutions, being Severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Sir Charles T Turner,

Debtors

Petition.

Dee

Navigation.

Ways and Means.

Home-made

Spirits.

Committees.

St. John’s Bridge to Fyfeild Hoads.

Duties on foreign Spirits imported.

70 2* — 5* M 1732.

Turner, Mr, Walpole, Sir John Barnard, and Mr. Scrope, St. John's Bridge, in the County of Berks, to a Place do prepare, and! bring in, the fame. called Fyfeild, in the said County, whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there- had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had unto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, Thousands confined in the Gaols of this Kingdom, and to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; others who have fled their Country, or abscond, for Fear and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: of Imprisonment for Debt, and are willing to make the Where the same was read: and is as follows: viz.

utmost Satisfaction they can to their Creditors in general, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of some Defects in the Act made in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign: And praying, That all such Persons as are or shall be imprisoned on mesne Process, or charged in Execution, may be discharged, and cleared, without Limitation of Sum, upon surrendering up their All, for the Benefit of their Creditors in general; or obtain such other Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The other Orders of the Day being read

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Methods for encouraging the Making and Exporting of Home-made Spirits distilled from British Grain.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning n£xt, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce> 50 die Martii;

Anno 6° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1732. Prayers.

MR. Packer reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, living in and near the Roads leading from a Place called The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House of the 27th of February Iaft, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof, aWitness was called; viz.

Henry Pye Esquire: Who said, That he lived in the Town of Farringdon, through which the Road mentioned in the Petition leads; and is well acquainted with all the Road desired to be repaired; and that the same is in so ruinous aCondition, that Passengers cannot pass andrepafs, in the Win ter-season, without Danger:

And he further said, That the Road, between a Place called Eaton and Farringdon, is so bad, that such Travellers, and Carriages, as usually passed through that Road, were now' obliged to go another Way; whereby the Town of Farringdon had intirely loft its Trade.

And it appeared to the Committee, That the said Road cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in being, for repairing the Roads of this Kingdom, unless some further Provision be made for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Roads leading from a Place called St. John's Bridge, in the County of Berks, to a Place called Fyfeild, in the said County: And that 'bir. Packer, Mr. Earle, and Mr. Master, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The IToufe being informed, that Wlv.Chocke, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door;

He w as called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of what Money is now remaining in the Exchequer, on Arrears of former Land Taxes.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title ctf the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled;

An ACCOUNT of what Money is now remaining in the Exchequer, on Arrears

ad March 1732.

Arrears on the Land Tax

1693, called ill 4s. Aid 1703, — 6th 4,9. Aid 1713/ _ 3d 2S- Aid

1724, — 8th is. Aid

1725, — 9th 2s. Aid

1726, — 10th is. Aid

1727, — 17th 4*. Aid

1728, — 10th 3,9. Aid

1729, — 11 th 3,9. Aid

1730, — nth is. Aid

of former Land Taxes.

£ s. d.

222 2 8

10 16 9

2 10 — I34 9 2{

63 4 5

- 1,951 8 1

- - 223 — if

- 5,123 12 6

- 17,028 14 11

" 7»4S3 7 5

Exchequer, 5th March 1732.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, That Mx.Oxenford. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Duties have been paid at the Custom-house in London,

£. 33,143 6 if

Alexander Chocke.

and the Out-Ports, for foreign Spirits and Brandies imported from Dunkirk, from Christmas 1731 to Christmas 1732; and under what Denomination of Brandies the Duty was paid for the same.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

An

Land Tax Arrears.

6 Geo. II. 50 Martii. 71

An ACCOUNT of what Duties have been paid at the Custom-housein London, and in the Out-Ports, for foreign Spirits and Brandies imported from Dunkirk, from Christmas 1731 to Christmas 1732; and under what Denomination of Brandies the Duty was paid for the same.

From Christmas 1731 to Christmas\ 173*.....J

LONDON. O U T-P O RTS. TOTAL.

1 Quantity imported. Duties. t Quantity imported. A Duties.

Tuns. lids. Gal. 2,1 I I 2 60 jr. 8,130 3 9 Tuns. lids. Gal. 46 0 30 C- d- 177 11 2 C- * d- 8,307 14 II

Note, The Duties are paid for these Brandies under the Robert Paul, D. Collector.

Denomination of Flemish Brandy. T/10. Caujion, D. Comptroller.

Custom-house, London, 3d March 1732. £. Williams, D. Sr.

Ex. John Oxenford, Aflillant I. General.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of Methods for encouraging the Making and Exporting of Home-made Spirits distilled from British Grain.

Dun ^AT.Grcgory reported from the Committee, to whom Navigation. the Bill to explain and amend Two Acts of Parliament, One made in the Twelfth, and the other in the Thirteenth, Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for making navigable the River Dun, in the County of York; and for the better pei testing and maintaining the salt! Navigation; and for uniting the several Undertakers into One Company; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which tin y had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

Vexatious Mr. Bcvan presented to the House, according to Order,

Arreiis in a Bill for the more effectual preventing frivolous and Wale*, Sic. vexatjous Arrests, and for the more easy Recovery of Debts and Damages in the Courts of Great Sessions in the Principality of Wales, and in the Court of Assize in the County Palatine of Chester; and for the obviating a Doubt which has arisen upon an Act, made in the 4th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act that all Proceedings in Courts of Justice within that Part of Great Britain called England, and in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, shall be in the English Language, so far as the same Act doth or may relate to the Courts of Justice holden within the said Principality: And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Importing Sir Charles Turner presented to the House, accord-Diamonds, ing to Order, a Bill for the free Importation and Ex-&c* portation of Diamonds, Pearls, Rubies, Emeralds, and all other Jewels and precious Stones: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

\frican The House being informed, that the Accomptant >mpany. General to the African Company attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, the Establishment of the Royal African Company of England, for their several Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, with the Charges thereof, for the Year 1732; distinguishing how much of the same is on account of Trade, and how much for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Forts Vol. 22.

and Settlements: And also an Account how the Money granted in the lad S< fiion of Parliament, towards the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, hath been disposed of: And also,

An Estimate of the Charges of the Royal African Company of England, for the Maintenance of the several British Forts and Settlements belonging to the said Company, on the Coast of Africa, for the Year 1733.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Establishment and Estimate were read.

Ordered, That the said Establishment and Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Establishment and Estimate are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Walpole presented to the House, according to Sugar Order, a Bill for the better securing and encouraging Colonies, the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Robert Hucks presented to the House, accord- oid-street ing to Order, a Bill for providing a Maintenance for the Church Rector of the new Church near Old-street, in the Parish Mnnfters of St. Giles, Cripplegate; and for making that Part of the said Parish, which is called the Lordship Part, adif-tinct Parish; and for impowering the Commissioners for building the Fifty new Churches to apply a Sum of Money to wall in the said Church and Church-yard; and to erect a House for the Habitation of the Rector of the said Church, out of the Money appropriated for the Endowment of the said Fifty new Churches: And the same was received.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House will, j,aws for Tomorrow Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of Punirtiment the whole House, to consider the Laws in being with of Criminals, respect to the Punishment of Criminals, and how the same may be made more effectual.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Home-made into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Spirits. Methods for encouraging the Making and Exporting of Home-made Spirits distilled from British Grain, being read;

Ordered, That the Amount of the Duties which have arisen by the Licensing of the Retailers of compound Spirits, presented to the House the 6th Day of April 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Amount of the Duties which have arisen by the Licensing of the Retailers of compound Spirits, from Midsummer 1731 to Midsummer 1732, be referred so the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Number of Licences have been taken out for felling or retailing mixed or compound Liquors, from the First Day of July 1729 to Christmas 1731, distinguishing each Year; and

how

Home-made

Spirits.

72

how many of the said Licences are within the Bill? of Mortality, and how many are without; presented to the House the 13th Day of April 1732; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Number of Licences have been taken out for felling or retailing mixed or compound Liquors, from Midsummer 1731 to Midsummer 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of die Duty upon Beer and Ale, for Seven Years,* to Midsummer 17 $1, distinguishing each Year, presented to the House the 13th Day of April 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of the Duty upon Beer and Ale, from Midsummer 1731 to Midsummer 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Amount of the Duties arising from Home-made Spirits for Five Years, ending at Midfum-mer 1731, distinguishing each Year; and the Duties payable upon Ample and compound Spirits; presented to the House the 6th Day of April 1732; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Amount of the Duties arising from Home-made Spirits, from Midsummer 1731 to Midsummer 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Drawbacks upon Spirits exported for Seven Years, to Midsummer 1731, distinguishing each Year, presented to the House the 13th Day of April 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Drawbacks upon Spirits exported, from Midsummer 1731 to Midsummer 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how much of the Duties arising from Home-made Spirits for Seven Years, ending at Midsummer 1731, hath been charged as row Wines from foreign Materials, and foreign Wine£ low Wines from malted Corn, Jow Wines from Cyder, and as Spirits from such low Wines, presented to the House the 13th Day of April 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

5° — 6°

A. 1734.

into England and Wales, from Christmas 1727 to Chrifi-mas 1731; as also from what Places, into what Ports, and in what Quantities, they have been respectively imported, and to what Places, re-shipped from thence; distinguishing each Year; together with an Account of the Duty that has been paid thereupon; presented the 16th Day of March 1731; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Excise has been paid for foreign Spirits and Brandies imported, from Midsummer 1727 to Midsummer 1732, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolveditself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progreis in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Methods for encouraging the Making and Exporting of Home-made Spirits distilled from British Grain.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is > 6° die Martii;

Anno 6° Georgii IIdi Regis 1732.

Prayers.

A BILL to enable William Widdrington, late Lord Lord YVid-Widdrington, to file, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstandingliis Attainder; and to remove any ‘ Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate, that may or shall hereafter descend or come to him, or which he was intitled unto, in Reversion or Remainder, before

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how much of his Attainder; was read the First time.

I A T An A. J . J C1 _ J /* . 2 /* 1 U _ /*L La. 3 A 1) 1 I H V /

the Duties arising from Home-made Spirits, from Midsummer 1731 to Midsummer 1732, hath been charged as low Wines from foreign Materials, and foreign Wines, low Wines from malted Corn, low Wines from Cyder, and as Spirits from such low Wines, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Duties have been paid at the Custom-house in London, and in the Out Ports, for foreign Spirits and Brandies imported from Dunkirk, from the 25th of December 1727 to the 25th of December 1731, distinguishing the Account of each Year; and under what Denomination of Brandies the Duty was paid for the same; presented to the House the 13th Day of April 1732; be referred to the said Committee.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Common Meadows in the Parish of Barston, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Neale, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Holland, Mr. Par/ons, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Turner, Mr. Or-lebar, Mr. Drezo, Mr. Tremain, Mr. Brookjbank, Sir Robert Aujlen, Mr. Ij?ckyer, Mr. Longueville, Captain Purvis, Mr. Cholmondeley, Sir Thomas Clarke, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Copplejton, Lord Percivall, Mr. Pigott, Sir Thomas Lowther, Mr. Bacon, Sir James Grant, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Fane, Mr. Scazcen, Mr. Bram-

Barfton

Inclosure.

OrLi, That the Return of the CmmilBoners of f.StT?.SZ2

the Customs, with Copy of a Report to the Treasury, relating to the Importation of Brandy from Dunkirk, presented to the House, the 21st Day of April 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Report to the Treasury, from the Commissioners of the Customs, made the 24th of March 1730-1, on the Petition of Thomas Ellis, relating to the Importation of Brandy from Dunkirk, presented to the House the aift Day of April 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the several Sorts and Quantities of Corn which has been exported, from Christmas 1727 to Christmas 1731; as also from what Places and Ports, and in what Quantities, they have been respectively exported; distinguishing each Year; together with an Account of the Bounty that has been paid thereon; presented to the House the Third Day of March 1731; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the several Sorts and Quantities of foreign Corn which have been imported.

Mr. Shuttleioorth, Mr. Lazvjon, Mr. Eajrle, Mr. Selwyn, Sir Robert Monro, Mr. Burr el, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Turner, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Williams, Mr. Dunbar, Mr. Glanville, Lord Glenorchy, Mr. Edzvards, Mr. Medlicot, Lord Chetzvynd; and all the Members that serve for the County of Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Freeholders, and others, living near the Road leading from a Place called Yaxley Bull to the Town of Eye, and from the said Town to Lanthorn Green, in the County of Suffolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Petition has been presented to the House, praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the better repairing and amending the Roads leading from Ipswich to Clcydon, and the Road called the

Pye

Ipswich*

Roads-

6 Geo. II. 6° Ma 7$

Pyc Road, in the County of Suffolk: That the Two very great Trade carried on in the Town of Arundel; Roads leading from Yaxley Bull to the Town of Eye, and that he has seen several Vessels and Ships fie at the and from the said Town to Lanthorn Green, being Three Quay there, to load and unload Goods; and, at that Miles, or thereabouts, adjoining to, the Road directed time, several considerable Merchants lived in the Town, to be repaired by the said former Act, are, by reason of John Lambert, Robert Horn, and Thomas Steel, were many heavy Carnages frequently passing through the feverahy examined; And said, That the Harbour is in a fame, become so bad, that they cannot be effectually very1 bad Condition; and that many Ships and Vessels repaired, and kept in Repair, unless some extraordU had been confined there for several Months, by reason nary Provision be made for that Purpose: And there- they were not able to get over the Bar, though, in that fore praying, if Leave be given to bring in a Bill for time, there had been several Spring Tides, inlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said And Robert Horne said further. That the Badness of former Act, That Provision may be made therein for the said Harbour obliged Vessels to lie without the fame, repairing the Two Roads aforesaid. and there take in their Loading; and that Three Barges

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the loaded with Goods were lately loft, waiting for a fair Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition Wind to fail out with the Loading for the said Ships of the several Persons whose Names are thereunder sub- and Vessels; and that he is now forced to unload a scribed, being the chief of the Inhabitants dwelling in Vessel in the Harbour, before hecati get the same out; the Neighbourhood, and near the Road, therein after- and that the Harbour is so bad, that Vessels are fre-mentioned, as well on the behalf of themselves; as others questly damaged in getting over the Par; and that a the rest of the Inhabitants there;' and also the Petition Vessel loaded with Corn was some time (nice cast away, of the Bailiffs, principal Burgesses; and other Inhabi- and a great Part of her Cargo loft. *

tants, of the Borough o(Eye, in the County of Suffolk; Richard Leeves Esquire, One of the Commissioners and of several Inhabitants of the Town of Difs, in the of Sewers, said, That the Erecting of Piers, and Re-County of Norfolk, whose Names are thereunto sub- storing of the Harbour, will be more expenfivq than scribed; are referred. the Inhabitants of the Town, and adjacent Places, who

had been 'at great Charges, can bear; and that they Oid-street A Bill for providing a Maintenance for the Rector had endeavbured to open the Mouth of the Harbour,

Chorch new Church near Old-Jlrect, in the Parish of St. and been at great Expenses for that Purpose; but that

Giles, Cripplegafe-y and for making that Part of the the Attenipt has proved ineffectual: And be laid further, . said Parish, which is called the Lordship Part, adiftinct That the fresh Water, after great Rains, frequently oc-Parish; and for impowering the Commissioners for cafions great Floods; but that, if the Harbour were

building the Fifty new Churches to apply a Sum of made good, there will be a more quick Passage for the

Money to wall in the said Church and Church-yard, and Water into the Sea, and then the great Floods will to erect a House, for the Habitation of the Rector of sooner be discharged, and several Thousands of Acres the said Church, out of the Money appropriated for the of Pasture drained, which are now irequenily ovev-Endowment of the said Fifty new Churches; was read flowed.

the First time. Mr. John Lambert, Mr. Robert Horn, and Mr. Ranr

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time., dally confirmed Mr. Leeves' Evidence as to the Ex.

pence of relloring the Harbourand said, That they Adel John Shelley reported from the Committee, to whom have all* contributed towards the Taid Expence: And ' ?«t. the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Trad efi pen, Mr. Randall said, That he had contributed towards the and others, the Inhabitants of the.Towns, of drim- fame, Forty Pounds, and upwards: And said, That,

del, LittleJiampton, Pelworth, and Places adjacent, in about Twenty Years fi nee, the Freight for Corn Was

the County of was referred, That the Committee Ten Shilling^ a Load; but now VeflVls are not to be

had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had got to carry Goods at any reasonable Rates, Vessels directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, loaded being not able to fail out of the Harbour with to the House; and he r< ad the Report in his Place; Safety.

and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: And Robert Horn Likewise said, That he has had the

Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz. Refuted of Vessels for loading Wheat at Three Shillings

The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House per Load cheaper at Ports mouth than at Arundel, be-bearing Date the zid of February last, proceeded . cause Arundel Harbour was fobad. to examine the Matter of the said Petition:; . , Mr. John Reynolds, an Engineer, said, That the

And, to prove the Allegations (hereof,; Water rjow Vents itself, at* sevend Places of the Beach,

Mr. Matthew Randall was calli d: Who said. That at the Mouth of the! Harbour, and thereby the Fo.rcq the Harbour oi Little-hampt on, called Arundel Port, is of the Water is much abated; whereby a very flialjow situated at the Mouth of a navigable River, and is about Channel is made into the Sea; so'that, by Southerly Thirty Leagues from ihe Downs, and Twelve from Storttos, arid rolling Sands, the Harbour is ftioakecl, pp: Beachy-head, and Ten from the Isle of Wigfit, and in And he further said, That he had viewed the.Harbour; a Country which affords great Plenty of Timber, and and that.it will cost £. 5,000, or thereabouts, to put the all'Sorts of Corn, and other Commodities; That same into* Repair, by erecting and making proper Piers Vessels drawing between Seven and Eight Foot of and Locks, and other Works; and that, when com-Water could, about ao Years ago, fail into and out of pleated, there will be pear 20 Feet Depth of Water in the Harbour with Safety; but, (ince that tjme, the the Harbour. '

Harbour being so much choaked up, he has been fre- Mr. John Lambert> being again called, said, That, if questly obliged to hire Barges to carry out Flour to the this Harbour were restored, it would be a safe Retreat Vessels, in order to load the fame. for such Ships and Vessels bound Coastwise, and not

Mr. Wm. Hunt said. That he has known the River able to get to Ports mouth, or the Isle of Wight; and Five-and-forty-Years; and that it was navigable for- would prevent M recks which frequently happen; and merly to the Town of Arundel, upon a Spring Tide, would be a very safe Port for Merchant Ships in Time for Vessels that were of such Burthen as required Six- of War; and that a Swedish Ship was loft near the said teeti Feet Depth of Water; and that lie had piloted Harbour, about Two Years finee; but, if the Harbour down the River a new Ship, that w^s built at Arundel, had been good, that Ship might have been saved.

Which was of between Three pud Four hundred Tons; It appeared to the Committee, That, if the Harbour but that the Harbour is now lilted up with Sands and of Arundel were restored, it would be a very gr< at Ad-Weeds; and that there is now anymore than between vantage to the Merchants and Inhabitants of the Towns Five and Six Feet Depth of Water, unless it be upon a and Places which lie near the fame, for the Exportation very extraordinary Tide. of Corn, and other Commodities,1 the Growth of the

Mr. Thomas Thorncomb said, That he remembers the Country; and be & means of recovering the Trade of the River sixty-five Years; and that there was formerly a adjacent Towns, which, of late Years, have been loft. Vol.22. U Ordered,

t

74

6* Martii. 1732.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for erecting Piers in, and for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Little-hampton, called Arundel Port, in the County of Suffer: And that Sir John Shelley, and Mr. Lumley, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Supply Bill; A Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Land Tax. Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1733, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refoh e itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Proceedings Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

of Courts obviate a Doubt which may arise upon an Act, paired SngUfb.n t*ie fourth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act that all Proceedings in Courts of Justice within that Part of Great Britain called England, and in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, shall be in the English Language, so far as the same may relate to the Court of the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Clayton, and Mr. Scrope, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Preventing Sir John Rushout presented to the House, according btock- to Order, a Bill to prevent the infamous Practice of jobbing. Stock-jobbing; And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Robert Cotton, Mr. Martin, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Burton,

Captain Vernon, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Ramsden, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Sevan, Mr. Salusbury Lloyd, Mr. Richard Lloyd, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Brookjbank, Sir Edward Stanley, Sir Richard Lane* Mr. Laroche, Mr.

Winford, Mr. Parsons; and all the Members that serve for the City and County of Chester, and for North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Chichester the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new W rit for the Wr,t-

electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Chichester, in the room of the Right honourable William Beaudcrk Esquire, commonly called Lord William Beauclerk, deceased.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, Laws and render more effectual, the Laws relating to the respecting Methods by which Persons are charged towards repair- Highways, ing the Highways; and to make the same more equal; be read the Third time on Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Members Reading of the Bill to amend, and render more effec- Qu* cauou* tual, an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by farther qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons, be now read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time on Thursday Morning next.

Papists An ingrossed Bill for allowing further Time for the *wVnd Inrolfment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and 1 s* for Relief of Protestant Purchasers and Lessees; was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, That no Purchase made for valuable Considerations of any Estates, or of any Interest therein, by Protestants, and only for their Benefit, shall be impeached or avoided, by reason that any Deed or Will, through which the Title thereto is derived, hath not been inrolled as required by Acts of Parliament, so as no Advantage was taken of the want of Inrollment thereof before such Purchase was made; and so as the Purchaser had not notice, before the Purchase, that the Person who made such Deed or Will was a Papist; and so as no Decree or Judgment hath been obtained for want of the Inrollment of such Deed, Will, or Lease;

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be* An Act for allowing further Time for the Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers and Lessees.

Ordered, That Mr. Holland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Horflydown Mr. Vincent presented to the House, according to new Church Order, a Bill for providing a Maintenance for the Minister’s Minister of the new Church of Horseley Down, in the Maintenance. Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry; and for making the District assigned to the same a distinct Parish; And the same was received.

Der A Bill to recover and preserve the Navigation of the Navigation. River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hugh Williams, Lord Malpas, Colonel Cholmondeley, Sir Abra. EUon, Colonel Ducket, Mr. Leheup, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Alderman Perry, Sir John Eyks, Mr. Whitworth, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Coplefion, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Longueville, Captain Purvis, Mr. Cholmondeley, Sir 23

The House, according to Orjler, resumed tVie further Bun Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to Navigation, whom the Bill to explain and amend Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Twelfth, and the other in the Thirteenth, Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for making navigable the River Dun, in the County of York; and for the better perfecting and maintaining the said Navigation; and for uniting the several Undertakers into One Company; was committed;

And the rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day, for the House to re- St George»6 solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ~ Church in the Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Southwark. George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, as One of the Fifty new Churches directed to be built by Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Ninth, the other in the Tenth, Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, being read;

Ordered, That an Account, shewing how much of the Money hath been applied, and to what particular Ministers and Churches, that was granted by an Act of Parliament, passed in the First Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for making Provision for the Ministers of Fifty new Churches, and what remains unapplied for the Disposal of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Onslow took the Chair of the Committee

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Onslow reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And

*0

S

r

Vexatiou* Arirfts in W alet, &c.

Importing

Diamond*,

Ac.

Arundel

Po*.

St. George’i Church, in Southwark.

Itrode's nterest in ands near lymouth.

6 Geo. II. 7* M 75

And then the Hoofe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy y* die Mar tit;

Anno 6* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1732. Prayirs.

AB I L L for the more effectual preventing frivolous and vexatious ArreAs; and for the more easy Recovery of Debts and Damages in the Courts of Great Seflkms, in the Principality of Wales, and in the Court of Assize, in the County Palatine of Chester; and for the Obviating of a Doubt, which has arisen upon an Act, made in the Fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act that all Proceedings in Courts of Justice within (hat Part of Great Britain called England, and in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland shall be in the English Language, fofaras the same Act doth or may relate to the Courts of Justice holden within the said Principality, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed toMr.Bruan, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Clayton, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Croft, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Vincent, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Ortebar, Mr. Crispe, SirOrl. Bridgeman, Mr. Rydert Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Heath-cote, Captain Vernon, Mr. Campbell, SirJermyn Oarers, Sir James Grant, Mr. Richard P turner, Mr. Brookfbank, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Earle, Lord Lijburne, Mr. Lehenp, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Thomrfon, Mr. Vaughan, Sir John Williams, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bacon; and all the Members that serve for the City and County Palatine of Chester and Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the free Importation and Exportation of Diamonds, Pearls, Rubies, Emeralds, and all other Jewels and precious Stones, was read a Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Pelham and Mr. Butler be added to the Gentlemen, who are to prepare, and bring in, the Bill for erecting Piers in, and for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Little-hampton, called Arundel Port, in the County of Suffer.

1 Colonel Onslow, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church of St. George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark. in the County of Surrey, as One of the Fifty new Churches directed to be built by Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Ninth, the other in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, was referred, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Treby reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir Nicholas Trevanion Knight, Trijlram Avenf, Amos Doidge, and Richard Bowen, Gentlemen, Guardians and Trustees for Wmv Strode, an Infant, of the Age of Fourteen Years, was referred; That the Vol. 22.

Committee had examined the Matters of Fad contained therein4, and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

It appeared to your Committee, That, in pursuance of an Order of Council, made the 19th of September 1660, a Letter was wrote, by some of the then Lords of the Council, to the theu Mayor of Plymouth, and to the Lieutenant Governor of the Fort there, desiring that they would return a Report of the Situation of a House erected upon the Hoe at Plymouth, and of what Danger they conceived it was, or might be, to the Security of the Town and Harbour; and they certified, that they conceived, that the Vicinity of the many new-eredod Houses, to his then Majestys Fort, confided not with the Security of the Town and Harbour: And by°another Order of Council, of the 28th of September 1660, it was ordered, that the House built on the find/fue, or Laming, should be demolished; and that the then Mayor and Deputy Governor should fee the Order fully executed; and also cause such other Houses and Edifices, then lately built there, to be demolished, which tiood not confident with the Security of the Fort.

That, in pursuance of a Commission, dated the 19th of Jtdy, 24th Car. IIdJ issued out of the Court of Exchequer, to which the Instructious given on that Occafiou, and a Map of the Premises, were annexed, a J ury of 24 Gentlemen, of the County of Devon, was impannelled $ and an Inquisition taken the 16th of September following, and returned into that Court. It appeared to the Committee, that the Jury had viewed the Ground called the Lambhay, and Buildings thereon erected, and returned, that Sir William Strode Knight was the then Lord, Owner, and Possessor, of the Lands and Houses built on the Lambhay; and that, before the Year 1660, there had been Buildings erected thereon by his Lessees, at the Expence of £.1,500; and that the annual Value thereof was £.217. 1 is. id.; and the Value of the Inheritance £4,551. and that there remained

Three Acres and 65 Perches, which was Building-ground before the making the new Fort; and that One Acre and Half thereof was fit for building Cellars and Docks for the King’s Use, and might be improved to £.529. 1 os. Sd. per Annum, expending£.3,600 thereon.

It also appeared to the Committee, That, after the Death of Sir Wm. Strode, Richard Strode Esquire, his Son and Heir, applied by Petition to their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, setting forth, That he and his Auceflors had been seised in Fee of the said Lands; and that Sir Wm. Strode had caused several Parts thereof to be built upon; and that there were ereCied and made some Houses, Cellars, Docks, and Quays, of a considerable yearly Value; and that he had contracted and agreed for building upon thellefidue of such Lands; but the same being, in 1660, found necessary for the Serv ice of the Crown, as well in respeCi of the Citadel there, as of Naval Affairs, his said Majesty King Charles the Second was pleased to convert the same to his own Use, declaring the said Sir William Strode should have Satisfaction for the Premises; and the said Richard Strode, by his Petition prayed, That he might have Satisfaction for the Lands and Buildings.

That this Petition was, the 27th of October 1691, referred to the then Lords Commissioners of the Treasury; and by them, the 27th of November following, referred to Mr. Taylor the then Deputy Surveyor General; who, 12th of December 1691, certified, That, before, the Year 1660, the Lessees of Sir Wm Strode had ert&ed several Houses on the said Lambhay; and that the same were ordered to be demolished as aforesaid, and the Owners forbid to erect any other Buildings; and that the same was afterwards made use of for victualling the Navy, and employed for that Service, and was then in the possession of the Crown; and he also certified, that Sir William Strode did, in November 1671, petition his then late Majesty for aCompensation for the said Piece

of

Stroke's Iutereftin Lands near Plymouth.

7 6 70 Martii.A. 1732.

of Ground; and that a Commission issued and an Inquisition was taken, thereon; and returned as aforesaid; and that there were other Proceedings afterwards had thereon; but that Sir William died soon after, without receiving any Satisfaction; and the Premises descended to Richard Strode, his Son and Heir; and the said Deputy Surveyor General conceived it proper, that the Lords Com mi Hi oners of the Treasury should send to the Earl of Bathe, the then Governor of the said Fort, and to his Deputy Governor, and to such other neighbouring Gentlemen as their Lordships should think fit, to view th; Lands called the Lambhay, add the Buildings thereon, and to return to them an Account thereof, together with their Opinion how the Premises might be useful to be continued for the Service of the Crown; and whether all, or how much thereof, was then employed in their said Majesty s Service:

That a Paper Writing, indorsed, A Copy of the Earl of 'Bathe's Certificate, was delivered in to‘the Committee; and is as followeth; viz.

I do hereby certify, that the Parcel of Land'called " the Lambhay, with the Buildings thereon near " the Royal Fort, or Citadel of Plymouth, hath " been in the Hands of the Crown, and employed <c for Storehouses, or other Accommodations to " the said Fort, ever since the Year 1660; and " that neither Sir Wm. Strode, who had the Right "/ of Inheritance therein, nor Mr. Richard Strode, u his Son and Heir, ever had any Compensation <c or Allowance for the fame, during the time the <s said Royal Citadel was under my Command;

and believe there hath been nothing allowed ic him since, to this Day, Sic."

17th February 1699. Bathe.

And a printed Cafe, intituled, The same of Richard Strode Esquire, Son and Heir of 'SirWtn. Strode, deceased, concerning the Lambhay at Plymouth, wherein the Certificate of the said Earl of Bathe was taken Notice of, was produced, and laid before the Committee, by Mr. John Trevafiion:

Who, being asked where he had the fame, said, That he found the Copy of the said Certificate, together with the- printed Cafe, amongst several other Papers of Sydney Strode, Father of the said William Strode the Infant; and that the same were tied up together, and locked up in a Bureau, or Scriptore, of the said Sidney Strode's, with feme other Papers‘and Proceedings relating to the said Lambhay: ,

And it appeared to t he Committee, by a Letter from Mr. Burchett, Secretary to the Admiralty, dated 27th July 1714, sent to Mr. L<nvndes, then Secretary to the Treasury, That the original Papers, relating to this Affair, were therewith returned into the Treasury j. wherer upon the said Mr.JoknTrevanion and Mr. Henry Cruwys were called, and federally examined before the Commitr tee: Who said. That they had fetched very carefully at the Treasury for the said original Papers; but that they could not find the same:

That the said Richard Strode died in the Year 1707; and that Mary and Martha, his Sifters and Heirs at Law, together with Sidney, Strode Esquire, Somof the said Sir Wm. Strode by his^ Second Wife, applied by Petition to the then Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, to have a Satisfaction for the Damage received relating to the Lambhay, and that they might, fqr the future, be paid a yearly Rent for so much of the Lands as ihoiild be thought to be continued in the Service of the Navy and Tort; and that the Remainder might be restored to them, with Liberty to build thereon; and annexed a State of their same to the Petition; and, on the September 17it, the Matter was referredto

Mr. Manley, her then Majesty’s Surveyor General: And he, by his Report, dated the 7U1 of May 1712, certified, That he had perused, and considered oi, the said Petition and Cafe; and, by the personal Knowledge he had had a great while of the Matter, he vyas well allured the same was, and had been, hard upon the Petitioners and their Ancestors; and that Sir Wm. Strode was intitled to the Inheritance of the Lambhay; and

that the same was fit for Improvement by building; and that several Lea fes had been let of Part thereof for building; and that such Building coll£. 1,500; and was then worth £.22'}. 1 is. 1 d. per Annum; and that, soon after the said Order of Council, Part of the Buildings were demolished, and made Part of the Fort, and the rest taken for the Use of the Crown in victualling the Navy; and had been employed to those Uses to the time of making of his Report, without any Satisfaction being given for the same:

And the said Surveyor General, after taking Notice of the Valuation of the Premises upon the Inquisition, reported, That, by their Valuation, the Land, with the Improvements, at Twenty Years Purchase, came to £.1 1,531*. I*- 8rf.; besides near Two Acres, which were not valued; but that he thought their Valuation excessive; and that he thought it was probable it might induce Sir Wm. Strode, and his Son Richard, in their several Life-times, for that there had been several Treaties, by Order, to settle this Matter, to insist on Terms the Crown thought too high; and yet he was informed, that the said Land, mentioned in the Inquisition to be unbuilt on, was very improveable before making the new Fort;

And that he had, by Writing and otherwise, used his Endeavour to be informed of t he then real Value of the Lands the Crown was in pofiession of, and which was necessary to continue for the Use of the Fort, and the Victualling Office; and that he found it was agreed, hyper fons of Integrity and Judgment, that the fame, was very valuable in the time of War, but, taking it commu-nibus Temporibus Belli et Pads, £. zoo per Annum w as judged a reasonable Valuation; but he rather advised an iutire Purchase, than to hold the Premises at a yearly Rent; but, if that was not then thoggbt'fit to be made, he only advised £.200 per Annum to be paid to the Petitioners, till there was atPurchafe; and, as to the Satisfaction desired for the Damage passed, if they had the Remainder yielded up to them, not used for the Fort and Victualling Office, and Liberty given to build thereon, so as not to endanger the Queen's Works, for want of which the Family w ere anciently great Losers, by being interrupted.in their Buildings, lie thonghUhe Petitioners might elleem that Powejr as a good Part of their Satisfaction, who feeined willing to submit themselves to their Lordthrps, as to what plfe (liquid be done in Confederation, of their great Loss for 50 Years together: . -

It appears also to the Committee, by a Letter, dated the 19th of November, from' Mr. Harley, then Secretary of the Treasury, to the said Mr. Buchett, in which Notice is taken of the Jail Petition and liepiort; that it not appearing to, the Lord Treasurer, that the Crown hadanyTitleto the Land whereon the Victualling Office was built, his Lordlliip, by whose Order the said 'Mix.Harley sent. the Reports, and other Papers, inclosed, (desired the said Mr ^Burchett to lay the same before the Lords ;of the Admiralty, that they might consider thereof, and order the Claimants to make out their Title to the said Lands, to be examined by One of his Majesty’s Counsel at Law; land thereon to treat and agree with them for their Title, in case it appeared to be good,; and to cause.proper Conveyances to be made for settling the same in the Crown:

And that the said.Mr.Burchett was, by a Letter dated 17th o( May 1714, from'Mr. Warter, then Sollicitor to the Lords of the Admiralty, acquainted, that lie, the said Mr. Wqrter, had received their Order to attend the Attorney General with the inclosed Papers, in order to his approving the Title to the intended Purchase, by her Majesty, of the said Lands; and that Mr. Attorney, having approved of the Title proposed to be made by the Proprietors, he therewith returned the Papers, that their Lordships might treat with them for the Purchase* money, according to the Lord Treasurer’s Letter:

And that the said Mr. Burchett, by a Letter dated the 28th May 1714, acquainted the Commissioners of the Victualling, That he was commanded to fend the inclosed Letter from Mr. Warter, with die laftPetition and

Report

6 Geo. II.

8° Martii.

n

Report, and a Report and Draught from the Board of Admiralty, and the said Letter from Mr. Harley, all relating to^ the said Lands on which the Victualling Office was then built; and to signify their Lord ships Directions, that the Commissioners of the Victualling should treat urith the Proprietors for the Purchase thereof, and report the lowelt Terms which would be accepted either for a yearly Rent, or an entire Purchase, and return the original Papers.

It appears also to the Committee, by a Report of the Commissioners of Victualling, dated the 20th Day of July 1714, That they had no Objection, if the Proprietors would accept of Mr. Manley's Proposal; but as their Demand, which waSjf. 12,000, was very far from it, they were of Opinion, that the Lands, being near Five Acres let for building, might be valued at 20s*. an Acre, and at 20 Years Purchase; and that the Money said to be laid out in making the said Improvement, and the Interest thereof, at £. 6 per Cent. might be reasonably allowed them; which they computed as

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas Bennet, and Mr. Edzvards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for rari exemplifying Two Marriage Settlements made on the Thomond’s Marriage of Hen relate Earl of Thomond, and the present Marriage Earl of Thomond; and fcr making the same Evidence Settlements, in all Courts of Law and Equity, in Ireland: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew;

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

follows; viz.

Twenty Years Purchase for Five Acres of Land, at 20 5*. per Acre Laid out in Improvement before the Year 1660 Interest of £. 1,500 from 1660 to 1714, being 54 Years Interest of the £. 100 Purchase-money from 1660, being not paid

d.

A Bill for the better Regulation of Lallage and Bal-lastage, in the River Thames, was read a Second time.

Befolvedy That the Bill be committed to Mr. If ifining ton, Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir Charles Wager, Mr.

Thames Laftage and Ballastage.

100 — —

£ 6,784-----

And the Owners to have the Three Acres returned them.

Pearce, Captain Purvis, Mr, Clutter buck. Lord Vere Beauclerk, Captain Vernon, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Alderman Perry, Lord Gage, Colonel Lyddell, Mr. Martin, Sir John Norris, Mr. CroJJe, Mr. Wright, Sir

- 4,860----- Thomas Robiijbn, Mr. Trcby, Lord Glennrclnj, Lord

Micklethivaite, Mr. Bacon, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Knight, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Towers, Sir John Barrington; and all the Members that serve for the Coast Counties; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at

- 1,500 — —

324 -

It appears further to the Committee, by Mr. Bur- Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. chetCs Letter to Mr. Lowndes, dated the 27th July 1714,

That all the original Papers were returned into the

of her late Majesty

Treasury; but, by the Demise Queen Anne, within Four Days after, nothing further was done thereupon:

That Mary died about the Year 1714 without Issue, and Martha, her surviving Sifter, by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date the lft and '2d of November 1716, conveyed the Capital Messuage and Lands called Newinham, and the said Lands called the Lnmbhay, and Several other Lands therein mentioned, to Trustees, to the Ufrsfollowing:

As to the said Lamb hay, and some other Lands, to be sold, and the Money, arifinghy such Sale, to be applied in discharging of the Debts of the said Sir Wm. Strode, and Richard Strode; and it was thereby declared, That if there should be any Overplus, that such Overplus lhoitld be paid to Sidney Strode, if living; and, in case of his Death, to such Persons as should be seised of the Freehold of the Lands called Newinham; and that as to the Lands called Newinham., to the Use of Sidney Strode for Life, with Remainder to his First and other Sons, in Tail Male, with several Remainders over:

And it allb appears to the Committee, by the Evidence of the said John Trcvanion, who is Steward to Willian Strdde the Infant, That Sir William, and Richard Strode, as well as Sidney Strode, were very much incumbered with Debts, which have been since paid, as he believes, and as far as the same have come to his Knowledge:

That the said Sidney Strode died about the Year 1720, leaving the said William Strode, his only Son and Heir, then about Two Y’ears of Age.

It also appeared to the Committee, on the Examination of John 7 rev an ion, and of John Gill, That the ' said Three Acres, with the rest of the Premises, are now in the Possession of the Crown $ and that the same are now made use of in the victualling the Navy:

And it appeared to the said Committee, That no Satisfaction was made to the 20th of July 1714; and, ou the Examination of Seth Jermy, Secretary to the Com-Itiissioners of Victualling, and Mr. Alexander Chocke from the Exchequer, that no Satisfaction hath been made since that time Vo l.

Duties orf Tobacco* See.

Supply.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the most proper Methods for the better Security and Improvement of the Duties and Revenues already charged upon, and payable from,

Tobacco and Wines.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House a particular Account of the Frauds, which have come to their Knowledge, relating to the Importation and Exportation, the Landing, Re-shipping, and Running, of Wines and Tobacco, since Christmas 1723; and when, and at what Ports or Places, committed; with the Proceedings which have been had thereupon.

The o{her Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mofn- Ways ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole an(* Meant. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at. Home-made Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of Spirits, the whole House, to consider further of Methods for encouraging the making and exporting of Homemade Spirits distilled from British Grain.

And then the House adjourned till To-mofrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jo-vis, 8° die Martii;

Anno 6° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1732.

Prayers.

MR. Clayton presented to the House, according to Proceedings Order, a Bill for obviating a Doubt which may of Courts to arise* upon an Act, made in the Fourth Year of his b&in£ngldli.

X Majesty’s

k

Majesty’sReigtf, intituled, An Act that all Proceedings in the Courts of Justice within that Part of Great Britain called England, and in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, shall be in the English Language, so far as the same doth or may relate to the Court of the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

AftonMagna Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the Bill Jnclcfure. for exchanging, inclosing, and reducing into Severalty, the Lands in the Common Fields, Meadows, Paftnre, or other Feeding Ground, and all other the Lands lying open, in the Hamlet of Aston Magna, alias Hanging Aston, in the Parish of Blockley, in the County of Worcester.

Tea, The House being informed, that Mr. Oxenford,

imported. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Quantity of Tea, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, and Chocolate, imported into England from Christmas 1716 to Christ mas 1731; and how much of the same has been exported; distinguish ing each Commodity, and each Year; together with the gross and net Produce of the Revenue arising the reby.

And then he withdrew. v And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Hwnuref The House being informed, that the Comptroller Caitoing. General of the Accounts of the Customs attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs, in Obedience to his Majesty s Directions, upon the Address of the House of the Sixth of February last, and to an Order of the House of the same Date; with a List of the Names of the Persons, and their respective Employments, concerned in the Collection of the Revenue of Customs, with their respective annual Salaries, including the Officers in the Plantations, and the Officers who aft by Letters Patent; together with a List of such Officers as are appointed by the Commissioners of the Customs, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament, and their respective Salaries; and also an Account of the whole Charge of Management of the Revenue under the Care of the Commissioners of the Customs in England, distinguished under their respective Heads of Salaries and Incidents, annually, from Christmas 1721 to Christmas 1732.

And then he withdrew.

And the Return was read.

Ordered, That the said Return, Lift, and Account, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Return, Lift, and Account, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Aon Magna Sir John Rushout presented to the House, according

incloiore. to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Hamlet of Aston Magna, in the Parish of Blockley > in the County of Worcester: And the same was received and read the First time.

Befolvedy That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ho ford and Mr-

Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

Sheldon’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Estate- discharging divers Lands and Hereditaments at Aber-ton, in the County of Worcester, Part of the Estate of Francis Sheldon Esquire, aLunatick, from the Trulls of a former Act of Parliament made for Payment of the 20

A. 1732.

Debts of the said Francis Sheldon $ and for veiling another Estate of the said Lunatick, in the County of Gloucester, in Trustees, for the same Purpose: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for providing a Maintenance for the Minister Horflydwrii of the new Church of Horftcy Downy in the Borough of ^gru,gCh Soutliwarky in the County of Surrey; and for making Maintenance, the District, assigned to the fame, a distinct Parish; was read the First time.

Befolvedy That the Bill be read a Second time*

A Petition of the Persons thereunder-named, on the Erpingham, behalf of themselves, and other the acting Commissioners of the Land Tax for the Year 1730, for Part of the an ax* County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That Process of the Court of Exchequer hath been issued against the Petitioners, or feme of them, for several Sums, amounting to £. 4,412. 6s. 11which have been set insuper on the several Hundreds of North Erpingham, South Erpingham, Tunfteady Happing, East Flcgg, West Flcgg, Bio-field, Walfham, Faversham, Forehoe, Ilumbleyard, Holt,

North Grccnhoe, Gallozve, Smithton, Brothercross, Clack* close, Frcebridge citra Lynn, Freebridge Marshland, and Lynn Regis, in the Account of Simon Tayler Esquire, Receiver General of the Land 'Fax granted for the Service of the Year 1730, for Part of the said County: That the said several Sums were duly assessed, levied, and paid, by the Inhabitants of the said several Hundreds, to the respective Collectors duly appointed for that Purpose $ and were paid over by the said Col-leftors to William Allen Esquire, Receiver General in that Part of the said County, for the preceding Year; who, without any Commission, continued to act as Re^ ceiver General for the following Year, and was then in full Credit in the Country, although, what was unknown to the said Commissioners, and the Petitioners, he was suspended, and soon after removed from his Employment: And therefore praying, forasmuch as the Loss aforesaid did not arise from any wilful Default or Neglect of the Petitioners, or the Collectors,

That the House will grant such Relief to the Petitioners, as the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to a Committee, to examine and state the Matters of Fast contained therein; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Herbert,

Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Conduit, Mr.

Campbell, Mr. Clayton, Lord Tyrconnell, Mr. Edward Walpoley Mr. Plummer, Mr. Leheup, Sir Thomas Hales,

Colonel Cope, Nlv.Pulteney, S\rJohn Ruftu>ut, S\v Henry Gough, Sir John Williams, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Townshend. Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Walker, Mr. Wilson, Captain Vernon, Sir Edmund Bacon of GiL Mr. Henry Bromley, Mr. Britiffe, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr.

Selwyn, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Burrell, Mr.

Sevan, Mr. Winn ing ton, Mr. Bo lie, Mr. Earle, Sir Thomas Aston, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Polhill, General Wade,

Mr. Walter Plumer, Mr. Richard Plummer% Mr. Dock-minique. Sir Francis Child, Sir John Bruce, Sir Robert Munro, Mr. Bacon, Sir Natha?iael Ctirzon, Mr. Fane,

Mr. Dundafsy Mr. Lutwyche, Lord Limerick, Mr.

Gybbon, Colonel Read, Sir Archer Croft, Mr. Vernon,

Lord Micklethwaite, Sir James Grant, Mr. Lcvinz,

Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Gregoiy, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Geo.

Beaumont, JMr. Knight, Sir A bra. Elton, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Burton, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Edwards,

Mr. Bramston, Mr. Sandys, Sir Tho. Robinson, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Pel-ham; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons* Papers, and Records.

A Petition

8’ Martii.

6 Geo. II. 8® — 90 Martii.

79

opr

CoivuicS.

A Petition of Richard Partridge, Agent far the Colony of Rhode I (land and Providence Plantations, in America, against the Bill depending in this Mouse for the better freuring and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, being offered to be prefen ted to the House;

The Journal of the 16th of December, in the 2d Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Marx), relating to the Petition of the Merchants trading to, and Planters concerned at, his Majesty’s Sugar Plantations*, praying to he heard against a Bill then depending for laying several Duties on low Wines, or Spirits of the First Extraction; and the Order of the House thereupon; was read:

Then the Question was proposed, That the Petition he brought up:

And the previous Question being put, That Question be now put,

The Hotif* divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas:}

I Mr. Winning son:

Tellers for the Noes: Plr>

( Mr. Lifter. y

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question being put. That the said Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That a Committee be appointed to feareh Precedents in relation to the receiving or not receiving Petitions against the Imposing of Duties;

It passed in the Negative.

said

that

140.

112.

The Order of the Day being read;

Jtobtn Ordered, That the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for

i the securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by farther

i qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vitneris, 90 die Martii;

Anno 6f Georgii IP1 Regis, 1732.

Prayers.

heM 'T'HE House being informed, that Mr. Tudery Caww, 1 Agent for the Commissioners of the Customs, and for the Commissioners of the Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door j He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majestyya Lift of the Names of the Persons, and their Employments, concerned in the Collection of the Revenues under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, with the Salary attending each Officer; and also,

An Account of the whole Charges of Management, and Incidents, for the several Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland^ from Midsummer 1721 to Midfiimmer 1732; and also,

A Lift of the Names of the Persons, and their respective Employments, concerned in the Collection of the Revenues under the Management of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in Scotland, with their re(\>edlive Salaries; and also,

An Account of the whole Management paid out of the Revenue of Custotns in Scotland, fronl Michaelmas I 1720 to Michaelmas 1731.

I And he also presented to the House, pursuant to I their Order, an Account of the gross and net Produce I of the Publick Revenues, &c. under the Management

I of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, from Mid-

I summer 1716 to Midsummer 1732; and also,

I Vol. 22.

An Account of the Quantities of Tea, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, and Chocolate, for which the Commissioners of the Excise in Scotland have received the Duties, with the Amount of such Duties, and Charges in collecting the fame, from the 24th of June 1724, when they commenced, to Midsummer 1732; and also.

An Account of the gross Amount of the Value of the Seizures, and what has been the net Produce paid therefrom into the Exchequer, from Midsummer 1716 to Midsummer 1732, together with a List of them.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read*

Ordered, That the said Lifts and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lifts and Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend Two Acts of Parliament, One made in the Twelfth, and the other in the Thirteenth, Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for making navigable the River Dun, in the County of York; and for the better perfecting and maintaining the said Navigation; and for uniting the several Undertakers into One Company; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Twelfth, and the other in the Thirteenth, Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for making navigable the River Dun, in the County of York-, and for the better perfecting and maintaining the said Navigation j and for uuiting the several Proprietors thereof into One Company.

Ordered, That Mr. Gregory do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging divers Lands and Hereditaments at Aberton, in the County of Worcester, Part of the Estate of Fi%ancis Sheldon Esquire, a Lunatick, from the Trusts of a former Act of Parliament, made for Payment of the Debts of the said Francis Sheldon; and for veiling another Estate of the said Lunatick, in the County of Gloucester, in Trustees, for the same Purpose; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Nathanael Curzon reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen of the Grand Jury, Justices of the Peace, and other Gentlemen and Inhabitants, now or late of the County of Derby, and elsewhere, in the Diocese of Coventry and Litchfield, ligned at the Assizes at Derby the TwelfthDay of August, and at other Places and Times since. Anno Domini 1732, is referred. That the Committee had, pursuant to the Order of the House of the 15 th of February last, con-fidefed of the Abuses and ExaClions of the Ecclesiastical Courts ih general ih England and Wales; and came to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

1 ft, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Suitsor Prosecutions pro Salute Anima,

Reformaliohe Morum, or any other criminal Causes, Ought to be commenced in any of the Ecclesiastical Courts of this Kingdom, without a certain Informer dr Promoterj and that no Process should issue from such Courts', to cite any Person to answer or appear to any such Causes, till such Informer or Promoter shall have given sufficient Security to prosecute his Suit with Effedfc; and to pay Colls to the Defendant, if unjustly accused, or the Suit abated.

2d, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in all Suits to be commenced in any of thefpiri-tual Courts, pretended to be pro Salute Animas, & Re-formatione Morum, or any other criminal Cafe, it should be lawful for his Majesty’s Courts of King's Bench or

Common

£>un

Navigation,

Sheldon's

Estate.

Proceedings of Ecclesiastical CourU.

8co f Mar tit. 1732.

proceedings Common Pleas at Westminster on a Suggfcftion of the of Ecclehall party accused, that.he is not guilty of the Crimes laid ticai ourts. f0 jjg Qjia,.ge^ rrrant a Prohibit ion, and to try by a Jury, in the same manner as other Issues are tried, whether the Person libelled, or articled against, is guilty, or not, of the Fact he (lands charged with; and, if he is found guilty, to grant a Consultation to the spiritual Courts, that they may proceed to such Edclefiastical Censures as they may inflifr. by Law.

3d, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Excommunications ought not to be attended with any legal Disabilities whatsoever in any of the Courts in West miafter-hall; and that excommunicated Persons caught nevertheless to enjoy all the temporal Privileges and Benefits of the Law, which they Would have been entitled unto if they had not been excommunicated; but that the spiritual Courts ought to be armed with Writs of Contumacy, in the nature of Attachments, to enforce Obedience to their lawful Proceedings.

4th, Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever Money is to be paid, in Commutation for Penance, such Money ought to be paid, by the Offender, to the Overseers of the Poor of the Pa-rifli w here the Offence was committed, to be by them ditfriU’.ted to the Poor of the said Parish, by the Directions of Two neighbouring Justices of the Peace; and that no Person ought to be prosecuted twice for the same Offence.

5th, Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Commitee, That the Rates and Assessments for the Repairs and Ornaments of Churches ought to be made, confirmed, and accounted for, in the same Manner, and fit bj e& to the same Regulations, in every respect, as the Rates for the necessary Relief of the Poor now are, by the Laws of this Kingdom.

6th, Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Commit-teje, That Citations to take out Letters of Admmigration, and Probates of Wills, ought not to issue, unless filed for, and procured by, some Legate^, Creditor, or Relation, of the Deceased, or otherwise concerned in Interest in the personal Estate of the deceased Person.

yth, Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Laws for preventing clandestine Marriages ought to be amended, and made more effectual.

The Firstof the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Housedoth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, no Suit pr Prosecutiou pro Salute Anima, K Reformat ione Marian, or any otiier criminal Causes, ought; to be commenced in any of the Ecclesiastical Courts of this Kingdom, without a certain Informer or Promoter^ and that no Process should ifTde from such Courts, to cite, any Person to appear to answer to any such Causes, till such Informer or Promoter tlfall have given sufficient Security to prosecute his Suit with Effect;.and to pay Cojfts to the Defendant, if unjustly accused, or the Suit abated. \ ' N'

The Second.of the said Refutations beings read a. Second time;

Resolved, That the lionfe doth agree with the Committee in the said llefolu'cion, That, ii> aIl..Suit$ to be commenced in any spiritual Courts, pretended to be pro Salute 'A nima, Reformat tone Morion, or any other criminal Cafe, it should be lawful for his Majesty's Courts of King's Bench or Common Pleas at Westminster {on a, Suggestion of the Party accused, that he is not guilty of the Crimes laid to his Charge), to grant a Prohibition; and to try by a Jury, in the same manger gs other Issues are tried, whether the Person libelled, or articled against, is guilty, or not, of the Fa6t he’ (lands charged With; and, if he is foundguilty, to grant a Consultation to the spiritual Courts, that they may proceed to such Reelefiastical Censures as they mayinflidi by Law. i The Third of the said Refutations being read a Second time;

Rejoiced, Ne mine con tradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That 22

Excommunications ought not to he attended with any legal Disabilities whatsoever, in any of the Courts in Westminster-hall; and that excommunicated Persons ought nevertheless to enjoy all the temporal Privileges and Benefits-of the Law, which they would have been entitled unto if they had not been excommunicated; but that the spiritual Courts ought to be armed with.

Writs of Contumacy, in the nature of Attachments, to enforce Obedience to their lawful Proceedings.

The Fourth of the said Refutations being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Refutation, That, whenever Money is to be paid in Commutation for Penance, such Money ought to be paid, by the Offender, to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish w here the Offence was committed, to be by them distributed to the Poor of the said Parish, by the Dirc&ionsofTwo neighbouring Justices of the Peace; and that no Person ' ought to be prosecuted twice, for the same Offence.

The Fifth of the said Refutations being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Rates and Assessments for the Repairs and Ornaments of Churches ought to be made, confirmed, and accounted for, in the same Manner, and subject to the same Regulations, in every respect, as the Rates for the necessary Relief of the Poor now are by the Laws of this Kingdom.

The Sixth of the said Refutations’ being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House dot hi* agree with the Committee in the said Resolulions, That Citations to take out Letters of Administration, and Probates of Wills, ought not to issue, unless sued for, and procured by, some Legatee, Creditor, or Relation, of the Deceased, or otherwise concerned in Interest in the1 personal Estate of the deceased Person.

The Seventh of the said Resolutions being read a"

Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee.in the said Resolution, That the Laws for preventing clahclestine Marriages ought to be .'amended, and made move effectual.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That a Bill or Bills, be brought in, pursuant to the First, Second, Third,

Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth Resolutions: And that Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Godfrey Clarke, Mr. Conduit,

Mr. Glanville, Mr. Wyndham, and Mr. Earl, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. -.;

' - i I ' .’ , i

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House will, clandmine Y\poy\ Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Com-, Marriages, mittee of the whole House, to consider of Heads of a Bill foi; rendering the Laws in being more efl^tual for preventing clandestine Marriages., ft-... ,; f

A Petition of divers Cheef^mongers in and, about the Dee City of London and Westminster, \vhofe Nanie^.(ane Navigation, thereunto subscribed, m behalf of themselves, andmmiy, other Ch^efemongers, Importers of Cheese* from the City Qf Chester, was prefen ted to the House, and read ;. praying, That the Bill depending in this House, to recover and prefer.ve the Navigation of the River Dee\ in the County Palatine of Chester, may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to recover and preserve the.Navigation of the River Dec, in the County Palatine of Chester, is committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Half or d and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act punishing for punishing Mutiny and Deffertion; and for the better Mutiny and Payment of the Army, and their Quarters, without Edition, any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill

6 Geo II. — 120

Proceedings A Bill forobviating a Doubt which may arise upon an vfCourts Act, made in the Fourth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act, that all Proceedings in the Courts of

0 Justice within that Part of Great Britain called England,

and in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, shall be in the English Language, so far as the same doth or may relate to the Court of the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, was read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Note, There was not any Blank in the Bill, no Amendment was proposed to be made, nor any Objection made against it.

ttoKwde The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a ipiiii Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Methods for encouraging the Making and Exporting of Home made Spirits distilled from British Grain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Uwire- T|ie Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the HigUay*. Bill to explain, amend, and render more ef-

6 ' fedual, the Laws relating to the Methods by which Persons are charged towards repairing the Highways, and to make the same more effectual, being read;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

lilting The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Danoni Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the free tc* Importation and Exportation of Diamonds, Pearls, Rubies, Emeralds, and all other Jewels and precious Stones.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee, f Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had gene through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto , which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Winand The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the Account of what Money is now remaining in the Exchequer, on Arrears of former Lmd Taxes, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee,

1 That they had come to a Resolution; which they had

I directed him to report, when the House will please to

I receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday

I Morning next.

I Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, That I he was directed by the Committee to move, that they I may have Leave to lit again.

I Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-I night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

I House, to consider further of Ways and Means for

I raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees have leave to fit, not-

I withstanding any Adjournment of the House.

I And then the House adjourned till Monday

I Morning, Nine of the Clock.

I Vol. 22.

Martiu 81

LutitZy 12* die Martii;

Anno 6* Georgii II. Regis, 1732.

PIt AY E ft S.

MR. Sevan reported from the Committee, to whom Vexatious the Bill for the more effectual preventing frivo- Arrestsim lous and vexatious Arrests; and for the more easy Re- Wales, covery of Debts and Damages in the Courts of Great Sessions in the Principality of Wales; and in the Court of Assize in the County Palatine of Chqfter; and for the obviating a Doubt which has arisen upon an Act, made in the Fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act that all Proceedings in Courts of Justice within that Part of Great Britain called England\ and in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, shall be in the English Language, so far as the same Act doth or may relate to the Courts of Justice holden within the said Principality; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time; one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed unto, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act £arj of for exemplifying Two Marriage Settlements made on Thomond’* the Marriage of Henry late Earl of Thomond, and the Marriage present Earl o( Thomond; and for making the same Evi- Settlementi. dence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Ireland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm.

Wyndham, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Gregory, Lord Tyrconnel, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Ccefar, Mr.

Orlebar, Mr. Treby, Mr. Hucks. Lord Chetwynd, Lord Per civ at, Sir James Thornhill, Mr. Leheupe, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Crozvle, Colonel Read,

Mr. Longueville, Mr. Walker, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Shuttleworthy Mr. Ki?igy Mr. Harris, Mr. Master, Mr.

Vaughan, Mr. Selivyn, Sir John Bruce, Sir James Grant,

Sir Richard Lane, Mi*.Medlicot, General Wade, Mr.

John Campbell, Mr. Peter Campbell, Mr. Compton, Mr.

Cor new ally Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. John Drummondy Colonel Ducket, Mr. Giles Earle, Mr. Earle, Sir Abra.

Elton, Mr. Hen. Finch, Sir Thomas Franklandy Lord Gage, Mr. Gower > Mr. Baptist Gmver, Lord Archibald Hamilton, Mr. Auto. Henley, Mr. Richard Herbert,

Lord Walden, Lord Inchequin, Mr. White, Lord Limerick, Colonel Middleton, Mr. Alderman Parsons,

Mr. Pelham, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Peter Bathurst, Mr. Ben. Bathurst, Colonel Sinclair, Mr. Alderman Perry; and all the Members that serve for the County of Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enable William Widdringlonfate Lord JVid- Lord Widdrington, to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, not- drington’s withstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take y 1 10 er or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter’’ defeend or come to him, or which he was entitled unto in Reversion or Remainder before his Attainder; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir William Yonge presented to the House, according Duke of to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in Athol’aTitle.

Y the

Si 12° Martii. A 1732.

the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for vesting the Honour and Estate of John Duke of Atholl in James Murray, Esquire, commonly called Lord James Murray, after the Death of the said Duke: And the same was received; and read the First time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

St. George’s An ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Church \u parish Church of St. George the Martyr, in the Bo-Southwark. T0U^ Qf Southwark, in the County of Surrey\ as One of the Fifty new Churches directed to be built by Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Ninth, the other in the Tenth, Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Antu?, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of St. George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, as One of the Fifty new Churches directed to be built by Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Ninth, the other in the Tenth, Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne.

Ordered, That Colonel Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Derby Re- Sir Nathanael Curzon presented to the House, accord" gith vof ing to Order, a Bill for the publick Registering of all Deeds, &c. Dee(|s> Conveyances, and Wills, that shall be made of any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of Derby; And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

St. Alban's, Lord Grimston reported from the Committee, to whom

&c. Roads, the Petition of the acting Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, of glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways through the several Parishes of St. Michael, St. Alban, St. Peter, Shendley, Ridge, and Southmims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex; and also an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An A6l for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Black Bull Inn in Dunfable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shqfford-house, in the said County of Hertford; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows *, viz. The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, dated the Second Day of March inilant, proceeded l to examine the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations of the fame, the following Witnesses were called; viz.

Mr. John Smith, Surveyor: Who said. That the said Roads were in such a ruinous Condition at the time of passing the said Acts, that the Trustees were obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money, on the Credit of the said Acts, to make the said Roads passable; and although the Money borrowed, and also what hath been collected by the Tolls, hath been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said Acts, yet the Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and so kept, unless a further Term be granted.

Mr. William How, Treasurer to the Commissioners, said, That there is a Debt of £. 1,380 still subsisting; which) cannot be repaid, and the Roads sufficiently amended, and so kept, without a further Continuance of the Term granted by the first-mentioned Act.

Evans Dixcn, Waggoner, said. That he travels upon the said Roads often; and that the same are so bad, that they are not capable of being sufficiently repaired, without a further Continuance of the said Act; which will be of great Service to the said Counties.

20

Ordered, That Leave given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing "the Highways through the several Parishes of St. Michael, St. Alban, St. Peter, Shendley, Ridge, and Southmims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex: And that the Lord Grimston, Sir Thomas Sebright, and Mr. Richard Plumer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Rickefies, Gentleman, on behalf of Frances Brandon and Rebecca Brandon, Infants, Robert Heart, Brandon Heart, Thomas Peirce, and Anne his Wife, Anne Brandon, Wido\v, Brod?iax Brandon, and Mary Brandon, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame^s it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, dated the 27th Day of February last, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition.

And it appeared to the Committee, That William Brandon,}ate of Porlfmouth, in the County of Southampton, Grandfather of the said Frances and Rebecca Brandon, Brandon Heart, Anne Peirce, and Father of the said Brodnax, and Mary Brandon, before his Marriage, entered into such Articles, and made such Settlement and Will, as are particularly mentioned in the said Petition; and for the Purposes therein set forth; and that he died in 1704, and left the Petitioner Anne Brandon his Widow, and Issue by her the Petitioners Brodnax And Mary; and also Thomas and Charles Brandon, born after the Will was made;and likewise!eft, by his former Wives, William, Richard, James, Anne, and Elizabeth Brandon.

That the said Thomas, Charles, William, Richard, James, Anne, and Elizabeth, being dead, the Petitioners are all the Persons concerned and interested in the Estates mentioned in the said Petition.

And it also appeared to the said Committee, That the said William Brandon was Agent Victualler at Porff-mouth, at the time of his Death, and thereby became indebted to the Crown in the Sum of £.3,078. 12S. \%d; which Sum was proved to be due, and still unpaid.

That the said Sum cannot otherwise be paid than by Sale of such Part of the Estates as he died seised o($ not included in the Settlement aforesaid.

That the Money arising by such Sale will amount to a considerable Sum more than what is sufficient to pay the said Debt, and the Charges of such Sale; to which Sale the Petitioners, who are all the Parties concerned, are consenting; and that the Debt, and the Charges of such Sale, should be first satisfied out of the Purchase-money; and that the Residue thereof should be applied to the same Uses as the said Estates are subject to by the Will of the said William Brandon, and by a Covenant contained in the Articles aforesaid; but, in regard the said Frances and Rebecca are Infants, the said Estates cannot be fold without the Aid of an Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in 3 Bill for vesting in Trustees the unsettled Estates of William Brandon, deceased, to be sold, for Payment of a Debt due to the Crown; and for applying the Residue of the Money arising by such Sale for "the Benefit of his Far mily: And that Mr. Winnington, and the Lord Vere Beauclerk, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for obviating a Doubt which may arise upon an Act, made in the Fourth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act, that all Proceedings in the Courts of Justice within that Part of Great Britain called England, and in the Court, of Exchequer in Scotland, shall be in the English Language, so far as the same doth or may relate to the Court of the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, was read the Third time.

Resolved,

Brandon’s Debt to the Crown.

Proceeding* of Courts to be iuEngJilli,

6 Geo. II. i a" Martii. 83

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for obviating a Doubt which may arise upon an Act, made in the Fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act, that all Proceedings in the Courts of Justice within that Part of Great Britain called England, and in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, shall be in the English Language, so far as the same doth or may relate to the Court of the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, or to any Members or Branches thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Clayton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Lighthounc and Mr. Thomas Bermet:

Mr. Speaker,

G«fhtrd'*, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act *c. Nat. to naturalize Justus Gerhard and Paul L'Hospital, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

Offices and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Sapiojneou. Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Employments, or Offices, by taking the Oaths, and making and subscribing the Declaration against Transubstantiation, and receiving the Sacrament; and allowing them farther Time for that Purpose, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sngir A Bill for the better securing and encouraging the Colonic* Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, was read a Second time.

Be/olved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

tock A Bill to prevent the infamous Practice of Stock-jobbing jobbing, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sale of Ordered, That the Commissioners for executing the

Chrifio hen Office of Treasurer of the Exchequer, do lay before this m of era. j_joupe^ an Account of what Proceedings have been had towards felling the Lands in the Bland of St. Christo-phers, yielded by France to Great Britain by the Treaty of Utrecht, frnce the last Account laid before this House.

Fortifying Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his

Dock Yards. Majesty, That he will begraciously pleased to give Direction, That there may be laid before this House an Account how the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, have been Aifposed of, which were purchal’ed for the better fortifying and securing the Harbours and Docks at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to treat and agree for such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as shall be judged proper to be purchased for the better fortifying Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich; and also an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the said Queen, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better fortifying and securing the Harbours and Docks at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich and which were paid for by virtue of an Address of the House of Commons ta her said late Majesty, the Second Day of June 1714.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty^ moll honourable Privy Council.

Vol. 22.

Mr. Plumptrc, from the Committee lo whom the Pe- Privilege; tition of the Proprietors of the Stock of the Governor Bail to be and Company for raising the Thames Water in York p^At. Buildings, assembled in their General Court held at teodance. their House in Winchesterstreet, the Twelfth Day of January 1732, is referred, acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move the House, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take such Bail oiAbraham Munoz, now in his Custody, as shall be approved of by Mr. Speaker, for the Attendance of the said Abraham Munoz, from time to time, on the said Committee, as often as he shall be required thereunto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do take ..... Bail of the said Abraham Munoz, as shall be approved by Mr. Speaker, for the Attendance of the said Abraham Munoz, from time to time, on this House, or on the said Committee, as often as he shall be required thereunto.

Ordered, That the said Abraham Munoz, upon giving such Bail, be discharged out of the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, without paying any Fees.

rurfuant to this Order, the said Abraham Munoz was bailed; his Two Sureties having first severally made Oath, by an Affidavit sworn before a Justice of the Peace, that, after all their Debts were paid, they were each of them worthy. 250.

The Bail Bond entered into by the said Abraham Munoz, and the Condition thereof, are as follows; viz.

Noverint universi per prsefentes, me Abraham Munoz, de paroch’ Sanftae Mari® Magfallion alias White Chapel, in comitat’ Middx', teneriet firrni-ter obligari Sereniflimo Domino noftro Georgio Secundo, Dei gratia, Magnas Britanniae, Franciae, et Hibernije, Regi, Fidei Defenfor’, &c. In quin-gent’ libris bonae et legalis monetae Magnas Britanniae, solvend* eidem Domino Regi, haeredibus vel executoribus fuis, ad quam quidem solutionem bene et fideliter faciend* obligo me, haeredes, exe-cutores, et administratoresmeos, firmiter, per prae-fentes. Sigillo meo figillat’. Dat* decimo sexto die Martii, anno regni dicti Domini nostri Georgii Secundi Regis, &c. sexto, Annoque Domini 1732.

Whereas on Tuesday the Twenty-seventh Day of February 1732, it was reported to the House of Commons, from the Committee of the said House, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Stock of the Governor and Company for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, assembled in their General Court held at their House in Winchester-flreel, the Twelfth of January 1732, is referred, That the said Committee, havingReafon to apprehend that the above bound Abraham Munoz intended to withdraw himself from Examination, had directed the House to be moved, That the said Abraham Munoz should be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending the said House, in order to his being examined; whereupon it was ordered by the House, That the said Abraham Munoz should be taken into Custody of the said Serjeant at Arms; and the said Abraham Munoz was accordingly taken into, and now continues in, such Custody: And whereas, by an Order of the said House, made on Monday the Twelfth Day of March 1732, it was ordered, that the said Serjeant at Arms should take Security of the said Abraham Munoz for his Attendance, from time to time, on the said House, or on the said Committee, in such manner as in the said Order is expressed; and thereupon the said Abraham Munoz should be discharged out of Custody: Now the Condition of this Obligation is such, that, if the said Abraham Munoz shall attend on the House of Commons, or on the said Committee, from time to time, during the present Session of Parliament, as often as he shall be thereunto required by any Order of the said House, or of the said CommiN tee; Notice in Writing of such Order, being left at his the said Abraham Munoz9 Dive!ling-house, situate in the Parish of St. Mary Magfallian, alias

White

12° Martii.

J. 1732.

White Chapel, in the County of Middlesex\ then this this Kingdom, except from his Majesty’s Plantations in

Obligation to be void, or else to remain in full Force America, shall, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day

and Virtue. of June next, cease and determine; and that, in lieu

Sealed and delivered, in Abraham Munoz. of the said Subsidies and Duties so determined, there

the Presence of be granted to his Majesty such Subsidies and Duties as

Thomas Ward. shall amount, in the Whole, to Five Shillings per Gal-

Lucas Kemu Ion upon all Brandy and Spirits imported from foreign Parts, except such as shall be of the Growth and Ma-The Bail Bonds entered into by the Sureties of the nufacture of his Majesty’s Plantations in America. said Abraham Munoz, who were each bound in the The First Kesolution of the Committee being read a penal Sum of Two hundred and Fifty Pounds, and Second time;

the Conditions thereof, were in the same Form. Resolved, That the Housedoth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Act, passed in the !Way* Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, and Means. from t|,e Committee of the whole House, to whom it An Act for laying a Duty upon compound Waters, or was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for Spirits, and for licensing the Retailers thereof, hath been railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolu- a Discouragement to the Distilling of Spirits from Corn tion which they had directed him to report to the in Great Britain; and therefore ought to be repealed. House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards The Second Resolution being read a Second time; delivered in at the Clerkjs Table: Where the same was That the House doth

read; and is as followeth; viz.agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That,

' Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, for the Encouragement of the Exportation of Spirits

That the Sum of Thirty-three thousand One hundred drawn from Corn in Great Britain, a Drawback or Al-Forty-three Pounds Six Shillings and One Peny Half- fowance of Six Pounds Eight Shillings per Tun ought peny, remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Ex- to be paid and allowed on the Exportation thereof, chequer, on Arrear of former Land Taxes, be applied The last Resolution being read a Second time; towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty for Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth the Service of the Year 1733- agree with the Committee-in the said Resolution, That

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, the several and respective Subsidies and Duties now pay-upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the able upon Brandy and Spirits imported into this King-House. dom, except from his Majesty’s Plantations iu America,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee thall, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an next, cease and determine; and that, in lieu of the said Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Subsidies and Duties so determined, there be granted to Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1733, is com- his Majesty such Subsidies and Duties as shall amount, mitted, That they have Power to receive a Clause in the whole, to Five Shillings per Gallon upon all pursuant to the said Resolution. Brandy and Spirits imported from foreign Parts, except

such as shall be of the Growth and Manufacture of his Importing Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported Majesty’s Plantations in America.

Diamonds, frotn the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, piirfu-

c- Bill for the free Importation and Exportation of Dia- ant to the said Resolutions: And that Sir Charles Tur-monds, Pearls, Rubies, Emeralds, and all other Jewels ner, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Clayton, Sir William Yonge, Mr. and precious Stones, was committed, the Amendments Scrope, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wyndham, Mr Pelham, Mr. which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which Butler, Sir Edmund Bacon of Garboldi/ham, Mr. Har-they had directed him to report to the House; and he bord, Sir John Barnard, Captain Vernon, and Mr. read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Conduit, do prepare, and bring in, the fame, the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Ordered, ThaJ it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen,

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; who are to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, or Bills, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the That they do provide, in One of the said Bills, for the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the more effectual securing the due Execution, by the House. inferior Officers of his Majesty’s Customs, of the Pro-

Ordered, ..... the Bill, with the Amendments, be visions in the several Acts for preventing Running of ingrossed. Brandies.

Home-made Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported Spirits. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Methods for encouraging the Makin^and Exporting of Home-made Spirits distilled from British Grain, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Act, passed in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon compound Waters, or Spirits, and for licensing the Retailers thereof, hath been a Discouragement to the Distilling of Spirits from Corn in Great Britain; and therefore ought to be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the Encouragement of the Exportation of Spirits drawn from Corn in Great Britain, a Drawback or Allowance of Six Pounds Eight Shillings per Tun ought to be paid and allowed on the Exportation thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several and respective Subsidies and Duties now payable upon Brandy and Spirits imported into

The Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the I.aws relating to the Methods by which Persons are charged towards repairing the Highways; and to make the same more equal; being read,

The said Bill was read the Third time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

The House being informed, that Mr. Carkeffe, Secretary to the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs to the Order of the House of the 7th of this Instant March, with a particular Account of the Frauds, come to their Knowledge, relating to the Importation and

Exportation,

(JGeo. II. 12° — *i if 85

Exportation, the Landing, Re-flltppmgr, and Unwniag, And the said Return wa» read,

of Tobacco, since Chrifimos 1733; and when, and at Ordered, That the said Retnrn and Account* do lie what Ports or Places, committed; with the Proceed- upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the' ings which have been had thereupon. House.

And then he withdrew. The said Return and Accounts are bound up with

And the said Return was read. the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Return and Account do liq upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the And then tire House adjourned till Tomorrow

House. t Morning, Nine of the Clock.

The said Return and Account are bound up with the other Papers of this Session. — -----, , .

The other Orders of the Day being read 5 Supply Bill; Resolved> That this House will, upon Friday Mom-

Land Tax. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1733.

Stpply. Befitted^ That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Memben Ordered, That the Bill to amend, and render more

Qualification, effectual, an Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reieo other late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by farther qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons, be read a Second time. Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

Tobacco Ordered, That Sir William Yonge have Leave to

imported. ma|.e a \j0tion, it being near Five of the Clock.

And he movtd the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Number of Hogsheads of Tobacco annually imported into Great Britain, for Seven Years last past; distinguishing each Year.

Tobacco The House being informed, that the Comptroller

imported and General of the Accounts of the Cmtoms attended at the exported. ])oor

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs, to the Order of the House of the 6th of February last, with an Account of the Quantity of Tobacco imported into England^ and how much of the same has been re-exported to foreign Parts, annually, from Christmas 1721 to Christmas 1731; distinguishing each Port, or Place; with the Gross and Net Produce of the Duties arising thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Return was read.

Ordered, That the said Return and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Return and Account are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

leisures by The House being informed, that the Register of the Chou°fe Se®orcs attended at the Door \

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs, to the Order of the House of the Sixth of February last, with an Account of the Gross Amount of the Value of the Seizures, and what has been the Net Produce paid therefrom, into the Exchequer, annually, from Christmas One thousand Seven hundred and Sixteen to Christmas One thousand Seven bundled and Thirty-two; distinguishing each Year; and at what Ports and Places; and also, an Account of the Values of the Seizures of Wine, Tobacco, Tea, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Cocoa Pdfte, and Chocolate, for 16 Years, from Vhrift-mas 17*6*0 Christmas 173c; 4iftmguiffidog each Year.

And then he withdrew.

Vol. 22.

Martisr 13* die Martiiy

Anno 6* Georgii II*4 Regis, 1732.,

Pa AY Efts.

ABI L L for providing a Maintenance fdr the Horfydown Minister of the new Church of Hofjlyimn, in new Church the Borough of Sottfhwark, in the County of Surrey; and for making the District assigned to the same a distinct nance. Parish; was read a Second time.

Refilved% That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refitted, That this House will* upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir John Eyles presented to the Hpufe, according tq Bddfwttt Order, a Bill for filling up such Part of the Channel of Dock and Bridewell Dock and Fleet Ditch, gs tyes between Fleet Duch. Holborn Bridge and Fleet Bridge, and for converting, the Ground, when filled up, to the Use of the City of London: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House took into Consideration the Amendment^ Gerhard’*, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to &c. Mat. naturalize Justus Gerhard and Paul L Hof pit al:

And the Amendments were read; and are as follows; viz.

Press i. L. 9. After France," insert tf William " Christian Hamburger, Son of Dionijius Hamburger,

" by Elizabeth Barbara his Wife, born at Ratijbon, in " Germany; John Clafont junior, Son of John Clafon, by " Anna his Wife, born at Stockholm, in Sivcden; Maty u Anderftn Gronhoff, Son of Anders Gregejfen Cronkoff,

" by Kirjien Gregerfen, his Wife, born at Tonfberg, ip " Norway; Nicolas Fan Beeck, Sou of Matthew Van u Beeck) by Catharina his Wife, born at Amsterdam;

" JoJhuaVan Neck, Son of ComeliusVan Neck, by Anna " his Wife, born at The Hague; Peter Slapel9 Son of " Raynier Stapel) by Anna his Wife, born at Amfier-u dam; and Evert Van HartJials, Son of Marfelis Van u Harthali, by Elizabeth his Wife, born at Gorida, in Holland

L. 22. Leave out " and, " and, in the same Line, after €t L'Hospital' insert " William Christian <c Hamburger, John Clafon, junior, Matz Anderfen " Gronhoff, Nicolas Van Beeck, Joshua Van Neck, Peter Stapel, and Evert Van Harthals

L. 37. Leave out u and, " and, in the same Line, after 11 L'Hospital" insert " William Christian u Hamburger, John Clafon, junior, Matz Anderfen " Gronhoff, Nicolas Van Beeck, Joshua Van Neck, Peter u Stapel) and Evert Van Harthali:"

Press 2. L. 30. Leave out u and, " and, in the same Line, after " L'Hospital" insert " William Christian u Hamburger, John Clafon, junior, Matz Anderfen 11 Gronhoff, Nicolas Van Beeck, JoJhuaVan Neck, Peter " Stapel, and Evert Van Harthals L. 41. Leave out u and f"

L. 42. After " VHospitalf insert "William " Chrjfiian Hamburger, John Clafon, junior, M-atz u Anderfen Gronhoff, Nicolas Van Beeck, Joshua Van " Neck, Peter Stapel, and Evert Van Harthals

Z In

Old-street

Church

Minister’s

Mainte-

nance.

Sheldon i Eftat-.

Di feu (lions with Spain.

86 130 Mar Hi. 1732.

In the Title of the Bill, Leave out "and," and, after " L'Hospital," insert " William Christian Hamburgery " and others/'

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Crope do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Bill for providing a Maintenance for the Rector of the new Church near Old-street, in the Parish of St. Giles's Cripplegate; and for making that Part of the said Parish, which is called the Lordship Part, a distinct Parish; and for impowering the Commissioners for Building of the Fifty new Churches, to apply aSum of Money to wall in the said Church and Church Yard; and to: erect a House for the Habitation of the Rector of the said Church, out of the Money appropriated for the Endowment of the said Fifty new Churches; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. 1

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act For discharging divers Lands and Hereditaments at Aberton, in the County of Worcester, Part of the Estate of Francis Sheldon, Esquire, a Lunatic, from the Trulls of a former Act of Parliament, made for Payment of the Debts of the said Francis Sheldon; and for veiling another Estate of the said Lunatick, in the County of Gloucester, in Trustees, for the same Purpose; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Lyttelton, Sir John Rnjhout, Sir Nathanael Carzon, Mr. Shepheard, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Croft, Mr. Whit-worth, Mr. Waller, Mr. Howe, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Sandys, Lord Tyrconnel, Sir Win. Yonge, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Turner, Sir John Williams, Sir John Cotton, Sir Francis Child, Colonel Read, Mr. Reynel, Mr. Earle, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Palmer, Mr. JIucks, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Rozcney, Mr. Levinz, Mr Gregory, Mr. Leigh, Mr. JIanvers, Mr. Bennet, Lord Noel Somerset, Lord Mickle-thwaite, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Drew, Sir Thomas Saunderfbn, Sir Geo. Mackenzie, Sir Thomas Sebright, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Scawen, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Buncombe, Mr. Master, Sir James Grant. Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Holland, Mr. Treby, Mr. Rawlinjon Earle, Mr. Aldington, Mr.' Walker, Mr. Brodie, Mr. Winnington, Sir John Norris, Mr. Tilfon, Mr. Leheupe, Mr. Yorhe, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Shuttleworth, Lord Percival; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Worcester and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Comptroller acquainted the House, That he had received his Majesty’s Commands to lay before this House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Copy of the King of Spain's Cedula to his Governors in the West Indies, relating to the Span if 1 Privateers; Seville, 18th January 1732, N. S.; with a Translation thereof: And also,

Copy of a Declaration, signed by the British and Spanish Ministers, concerning the Depredations of the Spaniards in the West Indies; Seville, February 8th, 1732, N. S.; with a Translation thereof.

And he presented the said Papers to the House; together with a List of them.

And the said Lift was read.

The Translations of the said Papers are as follow; viz.

Translation of the King of $/uz/Vs Cedula to his Governors in the West Indies, relating to the Spanifi Privateers; Seville, January 18th, 1732, N. S.

I the King.

Whereas the British Minister residing at this Court has represented to me, That, notwithstanding the Orders I have issued to hinder the Spanish Privateers in America from committing Hostilities against the English, and their Ships, frequenting those Seas, nevertheless, not only such Persons as have Patents from some of the Governors of the Ports in my Dominions, but also some who have no Patents at all, continue their Hostilities, under a Pretence of preventing an illicit Commerce; whilst the Governors refuse to admit of the Complaints given in by the English, who have experienced such unjust Molestations, or to indemnify them of the Losses they may have suffered thereby: My Refofution is, That the Orders already issued for that Purpose should be repeated: Wherefore, I command, by these Presents, all Governors, in any Port or Place of my Dominions in America, not to suffer any of my Subjects to molest or abuse the English, or any of their Ships, that shall fail in those Seas, as long as they keep in their proper Distances, and are not concerned in any illicit Trade; and that my Governors take special Care, that my said Subjects do conform exactly, and indispensably, to the Royal Laws and Ordinances, which treat of those Matters: And if any of my said Subjects should commit any Excess, contrary to those Laws, I command my Governors to punish them, with all the Severity that the Offence they shall have committed requires; as also, such as, without Patents, shall go to Sea, in order to commit Hostilities, and make unlawful Prizes: That the said Governors do hearken to, and admit all Complaints that shall be made to them from the Ministers, or chief Commanders, of Great Britain, either by Word of Mouth, or by Writing; taking care to do them Justice, at all times; and to give them Testimonies of all that shall be transacted; and that Satisfaction be given them for the Losses they may have sustained unjustly, by the Subjects who may have occasioned them, and who ought to make them good; for such is my Will: And the aforesaid Governors are to understand, That they shall be accountable for the Excesses committed by the Privateers; because, before they grant them Patents to go to Sea, they ought to examine who the Persons are, and infill upon proper Securities. Done at Seville, the 18th Day of January 1732.

I the King.

D. Joseph Patino.

To the Governors of the Ports in the Indies, relating to the Hostilities which the English have experienced from the Privateers of those Ports.

Translation of a Declaration, signed by the British and Spanifi Ministers, concerning the Depredations of the Spaniards in the West Indies.

Seville, February 8th, 1732, N. S.

Declaration which we, the under-written Ministers of their Britannick and Catholick Majesties, fiiike, by virtue of the Orders which we have from the Kings our respective Matters.

Whereas Complaint has been made. That, since the Arrival of his Catholick Majesty’s Orders at Carthagena, on the 22d of June 1728, and even since the Signing of the Treaty of Seville, Acts of Hostility have continued to be committed on the Part of the Subjectsof his Catholick Majesty in America; and that the Vessels and Effects of his Britannick Majesty’s Subjects have been unjustly seized, and detained; which appears to have been chiefly practised by Ships belonging to private Persons, fitted out to cruize, under the plausible Pretence of preventing a clandestine and unlawful Trade: His Catholick Majesty having agreed, by the Treaty of Seville, to cause Reparation to be made, as soon as may be, for the Losses and Damages which have been sustained on account of such Captures,

promises

6 Geo. II.

13° Martii.

87

promises and engages, parfuant to the said Treaty, and to the Declaration relative thereunto, which was signed on the Sixth of June last Year, that such Reparation shall, without Delay, be fully and effectually made, in due Form, according to the Tenor of the Treaty of Seville: And, in order to prevent the like Depredations for the future, his Catholick Majesty does moreover promise and engage, not to permit that his Vice Roys, Governors, or other Officers, in America, either by their Commissions, or in any other Manner, do encourage, protect, or authorize, such pernicious Practices; but that, on the contrary, the strictest Orders shall be sent them, to do every thing that shall be in their Power to prevent the like happening; to the End, that the lawful Commerce and Navigation of his Britannick Majesty’s Subjects, to their Colonies, and their Ports, may be carried on freely, and without Molestation, agreeable to the several Treaties upon that Subject.

His Catholick Majesty also promises and engages, by this Declaration, That whenever any Privateers shall, under the Denomination of Garde Cdtes, or any other Denomination whatsoever, have Leave to fit out for Sea, in order to prevent contraband Trade, pursuant to the Laws and Ordinances of the Indies, which have not been derogated from by the Treaties, they shall be obliged to give Security, in the Presence of the Cover-. nors of the Places from whence they shall fail, to be answerable for any Damages they may unjustly occasion; and in Default of sufficient Security, the Governors themselves shall be answerable for whatever may happen: His Catholick Majesty expecting, that proper Orders shall reciprocally be given on the Part of his Britannick Majesty, for causing the Hostilities to cease, which the Spanish Ships have met with since the 22d June 1728, and for making good the Losses and Damages which the Subjects of Spain shall have unjustly sustained.

In like manner, his Britannick Majesty promises to forbid, and effectually prevent, his said Majesty’s Ships of War from convoying, or protecting, under any Pretence whatsoever. Ships carrying on an unlawful Trade upon the Coasts of the States belonging to his Catholick Majesty, and the Governors of the Colonies from authorizing and encouraging any Landing upon his said Majesty’s Dominions; and the Catholick King promises to do the like on his Part: thereby to avoid all Cause of Complaints, which might interrupt the good Correspondence between the Subjects of the two Nations.

In Witness whereof, we, the under-written Ministers dxhvlr Britannick and Catholick Majesties, have signed the present Declaration, and put the Seals of our Arms thereto. Done at Seville, the 8th Day of February 1732. B. Keene, EL Marquis de la Paz, D. Joseph Patino. (L. S.) {L. S.) (L. S.)

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Copies of the King of Spains Cedula, and the said Declaration, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

yjjpj Mr. Murray reported from the Committee, to whom 3* the Petition of the Magistrates, Council, and Community, of the Town of Linlithgow, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House of the 26th of February last, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof,

An Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Penies fats, or One Sixth Part of a Peny'Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and fold within the Vou 22.

Town of Linlithgow % and Liberties thereof, in the County of West Lothian, for paying the Debts of the; said Town, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was laid before the Committee; and which Act commenced on the First Day of July 1723, and has Continuance for and during the Term of Eleven Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

The Petitioners also laid before the Committee, a List of Debts due from the said Town, to their several Creditors, at Michaelmas last, by Bonds, signed by Alexander Bell, Common Clerk of the said Burgh, and sealed with the Seal of the said Town; by which it appears, that the said Debts then amounted to a considerable Sum of Money.

And they also produced an Account of the annual Expence of the said Town; together with an Account of the annual Revenue thereof; and the Amount of the annual Produce of the said Duty; by which it appears, that the Interest of the Debts now due, and the other necessary Expences of the said Town, exceed the annual Revenue thereof, exclusive of what arises from the said Duty; whereby they are disabled to pay off the said Debt, and keep the publick Buildings and Streets in Repair.

And Mr. Michael Bell, being examined, proved ,the several Accounts produced: And said, That the publick Buildings and Streets of the said Town are much decayed, and ruinous, and the Inhabitants thereof are not able to discharge the Debts, and keep the said Buildings and Streets in Repair, unless some further Provision be made for that Purpose.

Then the Mayor of the said Town produced a Declaration, in Writing, signed by the Nobility and Gentry in that County and Neighbourhood; whereby it appeared, that they desired a further Continuance of the said Duty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every ScotsPint of Ale and Beer brewed and fold within the Town of Linlithgow, and Liberties thereof, in the County of West Lothian, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and other Purposes therein mentioned; and for rendering the said Act more effectual: And that Mr. Murray and Mr. Arejkine do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordercdy That the Commissioners of the Customs do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excise do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the further qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Coramrflioner of C’uftomv &c.to attend.

Member!

Qualification.

The House was, according to Order, called over;

And the Names of such Members as made Default to appear were taken down:

And the Lift of Defaulters being called over, several of them appeared; and the rest, except Francis Knollys, Esquire, were excused, upon account of Illness, or extraordinary Avocations.

The Name of Francis Knollys, Esquire, being called over; and his excuse not being allowed;

Ordered, That Francis Knollys, Esquire^ be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for neglecting to attend hifcService in Parliament.

Qfdered,

Call of the Hoof*.

I3°^i4° Mmtii. A. 1732#

Ordered, That the Hfoiifef be catted wer upon this Day Three Weeks, the Setc>ud Day of April next;

Ordered, That such Members as shall not thin atteiid, be fenfc fot in Giftedjr of the Serjeant at Arins attending this Hotlfe.

And then the Hotife adjourned tiM Tomorrow Morrting, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 140 die Mar tit;

Anno 6* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1732.

Peayeas.

Dee f)RDERED9 That Mr. Horatio J^dlpble, Mr.

Navigation. Hedworth, Sir Charlto Turner, Mr. Edward Wdipole, Mr. Wihnihgtori, Mr. Host, Mr. Cornwallis, Sir Edmund Bacon, Colonel CortizCallis, Cap thin Baker, ColoOel Townshend, Mr. Owen, Mr. Towhjhend, Sir Thorhat Lowlher, Mr. Knight, Mr. Heron, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Neale; and all the M&nbOrs that serve for the Cotinty of Lancaster; be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Ckester, is committed.

Great Seffioris, in the Principality of Wales, and in the Court of Assiste, in the County Palatine of Chester; and for the obvfktihga Doubt, Which bas arisert, upon an Act, made ini the Fourth Yesir of his prOfettti Majesty V Reign, intituled, An Act that all Proceedings in Courts of Justice within draff Part of Great Britain called; England, and iti the Court of Exchequer in Scotland^ shall be in the English Language, so far as the same Act doth or may relate' to the Courts of Justice holden within the said Principality; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectuat preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrdls; and for the more easy Recovery of Debts and Damages in the Courts of Great Sessions, in the Principality of Wales, and in the Court of Assize in the County Palatine of 5 and for the obvi*

ating a Doubt, which has arisen, upon an Act, made in the Fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act that all Proceedings in the Courts of Justice within that Part of Great Britain called England, and in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, shall be in the English Language, so far as the same Act doth or hiay relate to the Courts of Justice holden within the said Principality.

Ordered, That Mr. Beva?i do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence;

Aftoa A Bill for dividing and incldfing the Hamlet of Afion

M,*?na Magna, in the Parish of Blackley, in the County of nc ure, Worcester, Was read a Second tinie.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Rujhokt, Sir Charles Turner, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Wyndhafn, Sir Wm. Keyt, Doctor Lee, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr.

LGngiteville, Mr. Whitworth, Sir James Grant, Mr. Bromley, Sir Thomas Lyttelton, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. CtuVerbuck, Mr. Edgcumhe, Mr. Wihnington, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Harris, Lord Malpas, Mr. Howe, Mr. Smelt, Sir Rotoldnd Atjlan, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Drew, Mr. Britiffe, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Fox, Mr. Tufn'ell, Mr. Earle, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Bacon, M r. Cor new all, Mr. LyjJter, Mr.* More, Mr. Ongley, Sir James Campbell, Sir Roger Meredith^ Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Mafier, Lord Noel Stint rfet, Captain Evans, Mr. Ileathcote, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Brdmjloh, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Brown, Mr. High, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Harley, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Ward, Mr. Child, Mr. Leheupe, Sir Nicolas Williams, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Rawlinson Earle, Mr. St. Clair; and att the Members that serve for the Counties of Wor-: cester and GloucOfter: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Removal of Sir John Barnttrd preferitCd to the House, according Suits out of to prCer, a Bill to prevent the Removing of Suits out Courta.r the Courts of Record of any City, or Town Corporate, Wrthih that Part of Great Britain called England, WhhrC the Matters in Demand do not exceed a Sum to be limited in the Bill: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a iSecond time.

Enfield, lie. Mr. Richard Plumer prefettted to the House, ac-Roads- cording to Order, a Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his kite Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads, therein mentioned, froth the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford, and to the Great Bridge in Ware, in the County of Hertford; and for amending the Road from the said Great Bridge, to the South Erid of the Great Bridge at Wadefmitl-, and from the'Great Road at Cheshunt to the West End of Small Lea Bridge, in the said County of Hertford: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a SeCond time.

Vexatious An irigrofled Bill for the fribre CffeftUhl pfeVehting Arrestsin irivdous and vexatious Ari^fts'; and for the'mCfe easy Wale*. Recovery of Debts afcdTJhth&ges tnthe Courts Of

An ingrossed Bill for the free Importation and Ex- Iraporfin portation of Diamonds, Pearls, Rubies, Emeralds, and D,aon(! all other Jewels, and precious Stones, was read the c* Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the free Importation and Exportation of Diamonds, Pearls, Rubies, Emeralds, and all other Jewels, and preciohs Stones.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do Carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Constables, and Overseers of the Poor, and other principal Inhabitants, Minister’ whose Names are thereunto subscribed, of that Part of Mainte-the Parish of St. Giles*s, Cripplegate, as lies in the Li- nance-berty of the City of London, called the Freedom Part, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants thereof, was preferred to the House, and read ;* setting forth, That, by a Clause in a Bill, now depending in this House, for providing a Maintenance for the Rector of the Hew Church, near Old-street, in the Parish of St. Giles, Cripplegate; and for making that Part of the said Parish, Which is called the Lordship Part, a distinct Parish; and for impowering the Commissioners for building the Fifty new Churches to apply a Slim of Money to Wall in the said Church and Church Yard; and to Crest a House for the Habitation of the Rector of the said Parish, out of the Money appropriated for the Endowment of the said Fifty new Churches; which Clause provides against the Alteration or Change of the Methods or Payments for repairing the Highways in the said Parish; the Petitioners will be obliged to con-tribhte towards the Repair of the said Highways, though all of them lie in the said Drftrift allotted for the said new-intended Parish, and are at a considerable Distance from the District remaining to the old Parish, called the Freedom Part; to the great Injury and Oppression of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration \ and to admit the Petitioners to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Clause, before the said Bill pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, according to the Prayer of their Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bilb ^gaittft the said Petition*

Resolved,

Edifice for reception of Parliament.

Members

funmotted.

Duties cs Tobacco, ku

6 Geo. it 14 0 Marti

JRefolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions for the building a more spacious and convenient Edifice, that may be made use 6f for the Reception of the Parliament; and to allure his Majesty, that this House will make good the Expebce of the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Housedogo, with the Mace, into TVcJhnwJ1er~halltbr\i\ into the Court of Requefis, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the most proper Methods for the better Security and Improvement of the Duties and Revenues already charged upon, and payable from, Tobacco and Wines, was read.

Ordered, That the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs, to the Order of the House of the Sixth of February last, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Subsidies, Sic. paid on the Importation of Tea, annually, for Seven Years and Half, iromChriJl-mas 1716 to Midsummer 1724, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Subsidies paid on the Importation of Tea, annually, for Seven Years and a Half pall, from Midsummer 1724 to Christmas 1731, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Subsidies, Sic. paid on the Importation of Cocoa Nuts, annually, for Seven Years and a Half pall, from C h r if mas 1716 to Midsummer 1724, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Gross and Net Produce of* the Subsidies paid on the Importation of Cocoa Nuts, annually, for seven Years and a Half pall, from Midsummer 1724 to Christmas 1731, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Subsidies paid on the Importation of Coffee, for Seven Years and a Half pall, from Chrbmas 1716 to Midsummer 1724, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of t he G ross and Net Produce of the Subsidies paid on the Importation of Coffee, annually, for Seven Years and a Half, from Midsummer 1724 to Christmas 1731, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered That the Account containing the Quantities of Wines imported within Seven Years, annually, to Christmas 1731; and the Amount of the several Gross Duties paid thereon; with the Discounts and Drawbacks, which reduce the Gross Income to the Net Income; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs, to the Order of the House of the Sixth of February last, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of tjhe Amount of all Seizures of Tea, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Cocoa Paste, and Chocolate, for Eight Years, ended at Midsummer 1724; distinguishing the Amount, in Quantity and Value, of each Year; and what hath been paid thereon into the Exchequer; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of all Seizures of Tea, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Cocoa Paste, and Chocolate, for Eight Years* ended at Midsummer 1732; distinguishing the Amount, in Quantity and Value, of each Year; and what hath been paid thereon into the Exchequer; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, TbAtr the Recount of the Quantities of Tp-i Vo*. 22.

baccofeized, and condemned, for Seven Years* annually, to Christmas 1731; and the Payments thereon into the Exchequer; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of Wine seized, and condemned, for Seven Years, annually, to Chrfmas 1731; and the Payments thereon into the Exchequer; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs, to the Order of the House of the Sixth of February last, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Gross Receipt, Payments, and Net Produce, of the Duties <jn Tobacco; for Seven Years, to Christmas 1731, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Tea3 sold by the East India Company, from Chrifiteas .17 16 to Christmas 1732; in which is distinguished the Quantity at each Sale, drawn out by Order of the Directors of the said Company; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Tea, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, and Chocolate, imported into England, from Christmas 1716 to Christmas 1731; and bow much* of the same has been exported; distinguishing each Commodity, and each Year; together with the Gross and Net Produce of the Revenue arising thereby j be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs, to the Order of the House of the Sixth of February last, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Tobacco imported into England, and how much of tho same has been re-exported to foreign Parts, annually, from Christmas 1721 to Christmas 1731 ;distinguishing each Port or Place; with the Gross and Net Produce of the Duties arising thereon; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs, to the Order of the House of the Sixth of February last, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered That the Account of the Gross Amount of the Value of the Seizures, and what has been the Net Produce paid therefrom into the Exchequer, annually, from Christmas 1716 to Christmas 1732; distinghifliing each Year, and at what Ports and Places 3 be referred to the said Committee. t.

Ordered, That the Account of the Values of the SeU zures of Wine, Tobacco, Tea, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Cocoa Paste, and Chocolate, for Sixteen, Years, from Christmas 1716 to Christmas 1732; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs, to the Order of the House of the Seventh of this instant March, with a particular Account Of the Fraud which came to their Knowledge, relating to the Importation and Exportation; the Landing, Re-shipping, and Running, of Tobacco, since Christmas 1723; and when, and at what Ports Or Places* committed; with the Proceedings which have been had thereupon; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordercdfib&t the Account of the Quantities of Tea* Coffee, and Chocolate; with the Amount of the Duties received on the said Quantities of Tea, Coffee, and Chocolate; and the Charges in collecting the fame; from Midsummer 1724 to MidJUmmer 1732; distinguishing each Year, and each Commodity; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Accounts Of the Gross and Net Produce of the publick Revenues under the Msmagfc- ment of the Commissioners of Excise, for that Part of Great Britain called England; with an Account of the Money allowed, or paid for Drawbacks, on Exportation, or Allowance*; from Midsummer 1716 to Mid-simmer 17325 distinguishing each Branch of Duty, under their-respective Heads; be referred to the said Committee. )

Ordered, That the Accounts of the whole Charges of the Management, ;aml Incidents; distinguishing them and likewise eacfo Branch of the several Duties, under A a their

V

130 — ^14°

A. 1732*

Ordered, That tisfd House b& called oret upon this Day Threfe WCek^, the S'OfcOtifl Day of April next.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not thdtt attend, be fenfc for in Gistody of the Serjeant at AM* attending this Hoilfe.

And then the House adjburned till TcWttorrdw Morriing, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 14.0 die Martii; ,

Anno 6° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1732.

Prayers.

Dec SiRDERED, That Mr. Horatio Jf^dlpble, Mr, Navigation. Hedxvorth, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Edward Walpole, Mr. Wikningtoh, Mr. Hof, Mr. Cornwallis; Sir Edmund Bacon, Colonel Cornwallis, Captain Baker, Colonel TdwnjheiidMr. Oavto, Mr. Towhjhend, Sir fhoincBS Lowlher, Mr. Knight, Mr. Heron, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Neale; and all the M&rib6rs that serve for the County of Laiicaster; be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of C)iester, is committed.

Great Seffior/s, in tM Prirtdiptflity of Wales, and in the Court of Affiie, in the Cotmfy Palatine of Chiejtfr; and for the obvfating a Doubt* which ba* arisefl, upon an Act, rriade in the Fdurtih Yedr of his present MajestyV Reign, intituled, An Act that all Proceedings in Courts of Justice within that Part of Great Britain called England, and in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, shall be in the English Language, so far as the same Act doth or may relate' to the Courts of Justice holden within the said Principality 5 was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the more effectual preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrftis; and for the more easy Recovery of Debts and Damages in the Courts of Great Sessions* in the Principality of Wales, and in the Court of Aflixe f in the County Palatine of Chester $ and for the obviating a Doubt, which has arisen, upon an Act, made in the Fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act that all Proceedings in the Courts of Justice within that Part of Great Britain called England, and in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, shall be in thle EngliJIi Language, so far as the same Act doth or may relate to the Courts of Justicd holden within the said Principality.

Ordered, That Mr. Sevan do carry the Bill to the Lordsj and desire their CoticurrenoO;

Alton A Bill for dividing arid inclosing the Hamlet of Ajlori

Magna Magna, in the Parish of Blackley, ill the County of

Inclosuce*. jyorcester, Was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John RujHoUt, Sir Charles Turner, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Wyndhdm, Sir Wm. Keyt, Doctor Lee, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. hongu'exfille, Mr. Whitworth, Sir James Grant, Mr. Bromley, Sir Thomas Lyttelton, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Cldlterbuek, Mr. Edgcumhe, Mr. Wihmngton, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Harris, Lord Malpas, Mr. Howe, Mr. Smell, Sir Roivldnd Alfttin, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Drew, Mr. Britiffe, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Fox, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Earle, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Lyfttr, Mr More, Mr. Ongley, Sir James Campbell, Sir Roger Meredith} Sir Geo. Cafwatt, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Mafier, Lord Noel S&intrfet, Captain Evans, Mr. Heatficbte, Mr. Sttitohdpc, Mr. Brdmjloh, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Brown, Mr. Ltigh, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Harley, Mr Vaughan, Mr. Ward, Mr. Child, Mr. Leheupe, Sir Nicolas Williams, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Rawlinson Earle, Mr. St. Clair; afftd all the Members that serve for the Counties of Worcester and Gloucdjler: And they are to tneet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Removal of Sir^te BarnUrd presented to the House, according Suits out of to Oder, a gin to prevent the Removing of Suits out SEE ^hb Courts of Record of any City, or Town Corpo-rsftb, Within that Part of Great Britain called England, wffere tlib Matters in Demand do not exceed a Sum to be limited in the Bill: And the same was received; add read the First time,

Resolved, That the Bill be Tead a Second time.

Enfield, tc. Mr. Richard Plumer presented to the House, ac-Roads. cording to Order, a Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his fete Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads, therein mentioned, from the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford, and to the Great Bridge ih Ware, in the County of Hertford; and for amending the Road from the said Great Bridge, to the South Eiift of the Great Bridge at WadefmiXl; and from the Great Road at Cheshunt to the West 'End of Small Lea Bridge, in the said County of Hertford: And the same was received; and read the First time.

!Rif fitted. That the Bill be read a Sebondtime.

Vexatious Anirigrofied Bill for thb Wbrb bffefthhl preventing Arrestsin frivolous and vexhtidiw Arrfefts'* and for the'mbreeafy w»le«. JRtfcoyery vof Debts and’Dathfiges in theCdUrts of

An ingrossed Bill for the free Importation and Ex- Importing portation of Diamonds, Pearls, Rubies* Emerald*, and Dia£°nd*r all other Jewels, and precious Stones, was read the c* Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the free Importation and Exportation of Diamonds, Pearls, Rubies, Emeralds* and all other Jewels, and precioris Stones.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do Carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Constables, and Overseers of the Poor, and other principal Inhabitants, Minister’i Whose Names are thereunto subscribed, of that Part of Mainte-the Parish of St. Giles’s, Cripplegafe, as lies in the Li- nance, berty of the City of London, called the Freedom Part, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants thereof, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by a Clause in a Bill, now depending in this House, for providing a Maintenance for the Rector of the new Church, near Old-street, in the Parish of St. Giles, Cripplegafe; and for making that Part of the said Parish, which is called the Lordship Part, a distinct Parish; and for impowering the Commissioners for building the Fifty new Churches to apply a Sum of Money to wall in the said Church and Church Yard; and to fereft a House for the Habitation of the Rector of the said Parish, out of the Money appropriated for the Endowment of the said Fifty new Churches; which Clause provides against the Alteration or Change of the Methods or Payments for repairing the Highways in the said Parish; the Petitioners will be obliged to contribute towards the Repair of the said Highways, though all of them lie in the said District allotted for the said new-intended Parish, and are at a considerable Distance from the District remaining to the old Parish, called the Freedom Part; to the great Injury and Oppression of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration x and to admit the Petitioners to be heard, by themselves* or Counsel, against the said Clause, before the said Bill pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole HoUfe, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, according to the Prayer of their Petition,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time* in favour of the said Bill, agairlft die fiud Petition*

Rcfolted,

c

1

r

6 Geo. If.

{4° Martii.

8$

Edifice for Bejolved, That an humble Address be presented to pC€Jjtlon of his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give ar ameot. Directions for the building a more spacious and convenient Edifice, that may be made use bf for the Reception of the Parliament; and to assure his Majesty, that this House will make good the Expebcc of the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Members

fammofted.

Duties on Tobacco, fcc.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Housedogo, with the Mace, into TVcJlmivfer-hal^znd into the Court of Requefis, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the most proper Methods for the better Security and Improvement of the Duties and Revenues already charged upon, and payable from, Tobacco and Wines, was read.

baccofeized, and condemned, for Seven Years, annualij% to Christmas 1731; and the Payments thereon into the Exchequer; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of Wine seized, and condemned, for Seven Years, annually, to Chr'tflmas 1731; and the Payments thereon into the Exchequer; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs, to the Order of the House of the Sixth of February lad, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Gross Receipt, Payments, and Net Produce, of the Duties bn Tobacco; for Seven Years, to Christmas 1731, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Teas sold by the East India Company, from Ckrifrkas 1716 to Christmas 1732; in which is distinguished the Quantity at each Sale, drawn out by Order of tfieDirec-; tors of the said Company; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Tea, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, and Chocolate, imported into England, from Christmas 1716 to Christmas 1731; and how much*of the same has been exported; distinguishing

Ordered, That the Return of the Commissioners of each Commodity, and each Year; together with the

the Customs, to the Order of the House of the Sixth of February last, he referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Subsidies, &*c. paid on the Importation of Tea, annually, for Seven Years and Half, from Christmas 1716 to Midfummci' 1724, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Subsidies paid on the Importation of Tea, annually, for Seven Years and a Half part, from Midsummer 1724 to Christmas 1731, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Subsidies, Sic. paid on the Importation of Cocoa Nuts, annually, for Seven Years and a Half past, from Christmas 1716 to MidJummer 1724, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Subsidies paid on the Importation of Cocoa Nuts, annually, for leven Years and a I Ialf past, from Midsummer 1724 to Christmas 1731, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Subsidies paid on the Importation of Coffee, for Seven Y'ears and a Half past, from C/rrumas 1716 to Midsummer 1724, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of I he Gross and Net Produce of the Subsidies paid on the Importation of Coffee, annually, for Seven Years and a Half, from Midsummer 1724 to ChriJijnas 1731, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account containing the Quantities of Wines imported within Seven Years, annually, to Christmas 1731; and the Amount of the several Gross Duties paid thereon; with the Discounts and Drawbacks, which reduce the Gross Income to the Net Income; be referred to the said Committee.

Gross and Net Produce of the Revenue arising the reby; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs, to the Order of the House of the Sixth of February last, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Tobacco imported into England, and how much of the same has been re-exported to foreign Parts, annually, from Christmas 1721 to Christmas 1731; distinguishing each Port or Place; with the Grots and Net Produce of the Duties arising thereon; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs, to the Order of the House of the Sixth of February last, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Gross Amount of the Value of the Seizures, and what has been the Net Produce paid therefrom into the Exchequer, annually, from Christmas 1716 to Christmas 173a; distiqgtiifliiUg each Year, and at what Ports and Places; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Values of the Seizures of Wine, Tobacco, Tea, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Cocoa Paste, and Chocolate, for Sixteen Years, from Christmas 1716 to Christmas 1732; distiugutshing each Year; b® referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs, to the Order of the House of the Seventh of this instant March, with a particular Account of the Fraud which came to their Knowledge, relating to the Importation and Exportation, the Landing, Re-shipping, and Running, of Tobacco, since Christmas 1723; and when, and at what Ports or Places, committed; with the Proceedings which have been had thereupon; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordei edji hsst the Account of the Quantities of Tea, Coffee, and Chocolate; with the Amount of the Duties received on the find Quantities of Tea, Coffee, and Cho-

Ordered, That the Return of the Commissioners of colate; and the Charges in collecting the fame; from the Customs, to the Order of the House of the Sixth of February last, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of all Seizures of Tea, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Cocoa Paste, and Chocolate, for Eight Y'ears, ended at Midsummer 1724;

Midsummer 1724 to MidJ'ummer 1732; distinguishing each Year, and each Commodity; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Accounts of the Gross and Net Produce of the publick Revenues under the Manage*

diliingnishing the Amount, in Quantity and Value, of ment of the Commissioners of Excise, for that Part of each Year; and what hath been paid thereon into the Great Britain called England; with an Account of Exchequer; be referred to the said Committee. the Money allowed, or paid for Drawbacks, on Expor-

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of all tation, or Allowances; from Midsummer 1716 to Mid-Seizures of Tea, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Cocoa Paste, and summer 1732; distinguishing each Branch of Duty, Chocolate, for Eight Years, ended at Midsummer 1732; under their respective Heads; be referred to the said

distinguishing the Amount, in Quantity and Value, of each Year; and what hath been paid thereon into the Exchequer; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of Tp-

; Vo*- 22.

Committee. )

Ordered, That the Accounts of the whole Charges of the Management* ‘and Incidents; distinguishing thera and likewise each Branch of the several Duties* under A a their

pO 146 Martii. 1 A. 1732.

Duties on theif* Cespective Heads, for each Year, from Midsummer in Scotland, from 1721 to Midsummer

Tobacco, &c. 1721 to Midsummer 1732, be referred toYhe said Com- 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

znittee. Ordered That the Lift of the Names of the Persons,

Ordered, That the Lift of the Names of the Persons, and their respective Employments, concerned in the and their rfespective Employments, concerned in the Collection of the Revenues, under the Management of Collection of the Revenue, under the Management of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in Scot-the Commissioners for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars5 land-, with their respective Salaries, be referred to the with the Salary attending each Officer; and also the said Committee.

Account of the whole Charge of Management and InOrdered, That the Account of the whole Manage-

cidents, for each Year, from Michaelmas 1721 to MU ment, paid out of the Revenue of Customs in Scotland,

chaelmas 1732, be referred to the said Committee. from Midsummer 1720 to Midsummer 1731, be referred

Ordered, That the Lift of the Names of the Persons, to the said Committee, and their respective Employments, concerned in the Ordered, That the Account of the Gross and Net

Collection of the Revenue, under the Management of Produce of the Publick Revenues, 8Tc. under the Ma-

the Commissioners of the Salt Duties, with the Salary nagement of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attending each Officer; and also the Account of the from Midsummer 1716 to Midsummer 1732, be referred whole Charge of the Management and Incidents, for to the said Committee.

each Year* from Michaelmas ijzi to Michaelmas 17 32; Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of Tea,

be referred to the said Committee. Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, and Chocolate, for which the

Ordered, That the Lift of the Names of the Persons, Commissioners of Excise in Scotland have received the and their respective Employments, concerned in the Duties, with the Amount of such Duties and Charges Collection of the Revenue, under the Management of in collecting the fame, from the 24th of Jane 1724, the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, with the Salary, when they commenced, to Midsummer 1732, be re-or Allowance, attending each Officer; and also the ferred to the said Committee.

Account of the whole Charge of Management, and In- Ordered, That the Account of the gross Amount of cidents for each Year, from the Second of August 1731 the Value of the Seizures, and what has been the Net to the Third of August 1732, being the time when the Produce paid therefrom into the Exchequer, from Mid-annual Accounts of the said Duties terminate; be re- summer 1716 to Midsummer 1732, be referred to the ferred to the said Committee. said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Names of the Persons, Ordered, That the Copy of a Letter from the Trea-and their respe&lve Employments, concerned in the fury to the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, Collection of the Revenue, under the Management of for Accounts of Imports and Exports of Tobacco, pre-the Commissioners for licensing Hackney Coaches; fented to the House the Fourth Day of December with the Salary attending each Officer; and also the 1722, be referred to the said Committee.

Account of the whole Charge of Management and In- Ordered, That the Copy of an Account of Tobacco,

cidents, for each Year, from Michaelmas 1721 to MU imported and exported at the Port of Glasgow, pre-ckaelmas 1^2; be referred to the said Committee. fented to the House the Fourth Day of December 1722, Ordered, That the Lift of the Names of the Commis- be referred to the said Committee, sioners of Excise, and the Names of the several Persons Ordered, That the Copy of an Account of Tobacco, concerned in the Collection of the Revenues under imported and exported at the Port of Greenock, pre-their Management, with their respective Employments fented to the House the Fourth Day of December 1722, and Salaries, be referred to the said Committee. be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Names of the Persons, Ordered, That the Copy of a Letter from the Trea-and their respective Employments, concerned in the fnry to the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, Collection of the Land Tax, and Duties upon Houses, about appointing Four Surveyors General to inspect the under the Inspection of the Commissioners for Taxes, Tobacco Trade, presented to the House the Fourth with the Salary attending each Officer, be referred to Day of December 1722, be referred to the said Com-the said Committee; and also the Account of the whole mittee.

Charge of Management, for each Year, from Michael- Ordered, That the Copy of a Warrant, signed by the

mas 1721 to Michaelmas 1732, be referred to the said Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, for ap-Committee. pointing Four Surveyors General to inspect Imports

Ordered, That the Return of the Commissioners of and Exports in Scotland, presented to the House the the Customs, -in obedience to his Majesty’s Directions, Fourth Day of December 1722, be referred to the said upon the Address of the House of the Sixth of February Committee.

last; and to an Order of the House of the same Date; Ordered, That the Copy of a Representation of be referred to the said Committee. several Officers in the Port of Glasgow, to David Gra-

Ordered, That the Lift of the Names of the Persons, ham Esquire, Inspector General of Tobaccoes imported and their respective Employments, concerned in the into Scotlayid, about Frauds in that Trade, presented to Collection of the Revenue of Customs, with their the House the Fourth Day of December 1722, be re-respectiveannual Salaries, including the Officers in the* ferred to the said Committee.

Plantations, and the Officers who act by Letters Patent, Ordered, That the Copy of a Report to the Lords together with a List of such Officers as are appointed Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, made by by the Commissioners of the Customs, pursuant to Humphry Brent Esquire, One of the Commissioners of the several Acts of Parliament, and their respective Sala- Customs in Scotland; relating to Frauds in the Tobacco ries, be referred to the said Committee. Trade there, presented to the House the Fourth Day

Ordered, That the Account of the whole Charge of of December 1722, be referred to the said Committee. Management of the Revenue, under the Care of the Ordered, That the Copy of an Account of Tobacco, Commissioners of the Customs in England-, distinguished imported and entered at the Port of Glasgow, from the under their respective Heads of Salaries and Incidents, First of June 1721 to the 25th of November following, annually, from Christmas 1721 to Christmas 1732; be and from the First of June 1722 to the 25th of Novem-rderred to the said Committee. her following, presented to the House the 20th of

Ordered, That the Lift of the Names of the Persons, December 1722, be referred to the said Committee, and their Employments, concerned in the Collection of Ordered, That the Copy of an Account of Tobacco, the Revenues, under the Management of the Commis- imported and entered at the Port of Greenock, from the sioners of Excise in Scotland, with the Salary attending First of June 1721 to the 25th of November following, each Officer, be referred to the said Committee. and from the First of June 1722 to the 2 5th of Novem-

Ordered, That the Amount of the whole Charges of her following, presented to the House the 20th Day of Management and Incidents, for the several Duties* December 1722, be referred to the said Committee, underlie Management of the Commissioners of Excise Ordered, That the Copy of a Report from the Commissioners

C,

6 Geo. IL

91

missioners of the Customs in England, relating to Frauds in the Tobacco Trade, presented to the House the 20th Day of December 1722, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs to the Order of the House of the Third of December 1722, presented to the House the Twenty-eighth Day of January 1722, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing the Number of Hogsheads of Tobacco, and their Weights, imported from Michaelmas 172010 Michaelmas 1722; and how much of the said Tobacco is exported in the same time; distinguishing the several Ports where , the Imports and Exports were made, presented to the House the Twenty eighth Day of January 1722, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing the Net Produce of the Duties paid for Tobacco, consumed in England, from Michaelmas 1720 to Michaelmas 1722, presented to the House the Twenty-eighth Day of January 1722, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing the Number of Pounds of Tobacco allowed to the Merchants for the Eight perCent. on all Tobacco imported from Michaelmas 1720 to Michaelmas 1722; and how much Money would arise to thcPublick, if that Quantity of Tobacco paid the full Duty; presented to the I louse the Twenty-eighth Day of January 1722; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing the Net Produce of the Old Subsidy paid on Importation for Tobacco; and how much thereof is drawn back at Exportation; and what the Net Sum is remaining to the Publick from Michaelmas 1720 to Michaelmas 1722; presented to the House the Twenty-eighth Day of January 1722; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Allowances, granted on each Hogshead of Tobacco at the Scale; and the Account of the Allowances granted for damaged Tobacco; and how many Pounds of Tobacco the said Allowances amount to from Michaelmas 1720 to Michaelmas 1722; presented to the House the Twenty-eighth Day of January 1722; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing the Discounts granted to the Merchants for prompt Payment upon the several Subsidies, additional Duties, and Impost, upon Tobacco imported from Michaelmas 1720 to Michaelmas 1722; and what is the Net Duty payable upon each Pound of Tobacco 5 presented to the House the Twenty-eighth Day of January 1722; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, of the Sum of Money, paid to the Merchants for burnt Tobacco, from Mi chaelmas 1720 to Michaelmas 1722, presented to the House the Twenty-eighth Day of January 1722, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Tobacco, imported or exported for Five Years, ending at Christmas 1721; with the Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances, and Net Produce; and how the several Duties are appropriated; presented to the House the 8th Day of February 1722; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Net Produce of the Impost Duty upon Tobacco, paid into the Exchequer for the Years 1717, 1718, 1719, 1720, and 1721, presented to the House the 20th Day of February 1722, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Net Produce of the Duties on Tobacco, from Christmas 1721 to Christmas \n22, presented to the House the 22d Day of March 1722, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the annual Amount of the several Allowances, for the last Seven Years, to Merchants trading in Tobacco; distinguishing the said Allowances under their respective Heads; and when, and by what Acts of Parliament, the same were made

, Vol.~S£.

and what Proportion the said Allowances bear to the Duties Duties now paid, or secured to be paid, by the Import- on Tobacco ers of Tobacco; and also what Alterations have been &c* made, and when, in the collecting and paying the said Duties, presented to the House the 22d Day of March 1722, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Allowances on damaged Tobacco at the Scale, and of Tobacco refu fed, in order to be burnt, in Seven Years, to Christmas 1722, presented to the House the 22d Day of March 1722, I>e referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Subsidies, Im-polis, or other Duties, are payable.!*n Great Britain for Tea, together with the Grofc and Net Produce of the said jSubfidies, Imports, or Duties, for Seven Years, to Christmas 1722; distinguishing each Duty, and each Year; and how the same (land appropriated, presented to the House the 2 id Day of January 1723, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Quantities of Tea have been annually exported from Christmas 1715 to Christmas 1723, presented to the House the 7th Day of February 1723, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account ofall Monies payable intb the Exchequer, upon account of the Duties upon Coffee, from Christmas 1715 to Christmas 1723, distinguishing each Year, presented to the House the 12th Day of February 1723, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of the Subsidies, Imports, and other Duties, payable on Tea, for One Year, ending at Christmas 1723, presented to the House the Ninth Day of March 1723, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House refoived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutidhs; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

And, it being then after Twelve of the Clock at Night;

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning, being Friday.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday the Fourth Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the most proper Methods for the better Security and Improvement of the Duties and Revenues already charged upon, and made payable from, Tobacco and Wines.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, being Friday, Nine of the Clock.

Vinerts, 16° die Martii;

Anno 6* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1732.

Prayers.

SI R John Shelley presented to the House, according Arundej to Order, a Bill for erecting Piers in, and for repairing and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Little-hampton, called Arundel Port, in the County of Sussex:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being moved, that the Fifth Section of an Attornies and. Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Solicitor* Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Regulation* Attornies and Solicitors, might be read;

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to jg enable

94

t6° Martii.'

A. 1731

enable certain Persons to be admitted Attornies: And night, refofve itself into a Committee of the whole that Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Crosse, and Mr. Wynd- House, upon the Bill to prevent the infamous Practice

the lame. of Stock-jobbing.

St. John's Bridge to Fyfield il'jads.

Dee

tlavigution.

Corn imported, 4c.

ham, cTd prepare, and brirg in

Mr.Ma/lef presented to the Hoitfe, according to Order, a Bill for repairing the Hoads leading from a Place called St. John's Bridge, in the County of Berks, to a Place called Fyke Id, in the said Comity: And the same was received; and read the First time.

RejUvcdi That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Sir John Glynne Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Harden, alias Hawarden, in the County of Flint; and also of the several Gentlemen, and others, who have thereunto subscribed their Names, being Owners awl Proprietors of, and who have Right of Common, in certain Marsh Lands called Saitney, containing many Thousand Acres, lying near to the River Dee, on the South JSide thereof; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, upon a View of the Plan, by which the Undertakers for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the said River propose to effect the said Navigation, whereby it appears, that they intend to alter the Course of the present Chanel of the said River, and to make a new Cut, or Chanel, through the said Marsh Lands called Saitney, the Petitioners conceive, and are advrfed by able and (kilftil Persons, who have viewed the said Plan, that the Bill, depending in this House, to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester, if passed into a Law, without proper Provisions for the Security and Indemnity of the Petitioners, will not only be greatly prejudicial to the Petitioners, but indanger the total Loss of their Right and Properties in and to the said Marsh Lands: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by themselves, or their Counsel, in relation to the said Bill, before the same shall pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard, before the said Committee, by their Counsel, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, iu favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The House being informed, that Mr. Oxen ford, from the Commissioners ofthcCustoms, attended at the Door;,

He was, called hi; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, ail . Account of the fe-Veral Sorts and Quantities of Corn, which have been exported from Christmas 1731 to Christmas 1732; as also from what Ports, and in what Quantities, they have been respectively exported; together with an Account of the Bounty that has been paid thereon: And also.

An Account of the several Sorts and Quantities of foreign Corn, which, have been imported from Christ--mas 1731 to Christmas 1732; as also from what Places, into what Ports, and in what Quantities, they have been respectively imported, and to what Places re-shipped from thence; together with an Account of the Duty that has been paid thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And*the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by tire Members of the House.

The foid Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Barfton

Inclosure.

Clandestinp.

Marriages.

Preventing

Stock-

jobbing,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Fortnight, re (dive itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider of Heads of a Bill for rendering the Laws in being more effectual for preventing clandestine Marriages.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Fort-

Mr. Neale reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for' dividing and in doling the Common Fields and Common Meadows, in the Parish of Barston, in the County of Warwick, w as committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con fen ts to the fame, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bril do pass:

Ordered, That Mr. Neale do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Francis Knollys Esquire, a Member of Memberdif-this House, in the Coltody of the Serjeant at Arms charged tyom attending this House, for neglecting to attend his Cult°ty. Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

The House being informed, that a Quarrel had hap- The House pened in the House between Sir John AJlley, and Mr. i*werpote« Lyfier, Members of the House; ^Quarre?

Sir John AJlley hood up in his Place, and said, That between he had been abused; but asked Pardon of the House Member*, for expressing his llefentment in the House.

Mr. Lyjler, Handing up in his Place, denied that he was the Aggressor:

But, not being permitted to justify themselves, or to acquaint the House with the Occasion of the Quarrel, upon the interposition of Mr. Speaker, who acquainted them, That the House expected an A flu ranee from them.

That they would not prosecute the Quarrel any further:

They severally flood up again in their Places; and allured the House, That they would not prosecute the Quarrel any further.

Ordered, That Mr. Pturner, and Mr. Bromley of Homemade Cambridge.shire, be added to the Gentlemen who are sPinu* appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Methods for encouraging the Making and Exporting of Homemade Spirits, diddled from British Grain: Which Resolutions were agreed uuto by the House the 12th Day of this instant March. '

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported Excise Du. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom, it on was referred to consider of the most proper Methods Tobacco,& for the better Security and Improvement of the Duties and Revenues already charged upon, and payable from.

Tobacco and Wines, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place* and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this,

House do go with the Mace into Westminster-hall, and into the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and, summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

Aud, being returned;

The said Resolutions were read; and are as follows; viz.

1 ft. Resolved9 That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That the Subsidy and additional Duty uponTo-bacco, of the British Plantations, granted by aq Act of the Twelfth of King the Second, and the Impost

thereon, granted by an Act of the First of King James

the

93

6 Geo. II. 16° — i Martii.

the Second; and also the One-thinPSubfidy thereon, granted by an Act of the Second of Queen Anne, amounting in the Whole to Five Pence and One-third Part of a Peny per Pound, for several Terms of Years, in the said respective Acts mentioned; and which have since been continued, and made perpetual; subject to Redemption by Parliament; shall, from and after the 14th Day of June 1733,cease and determine.

2d. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in lieu of the said Duties so to be determined, there be granted to his Majesty an Inland Duty of Four Pence per Pound, upon all Tobacco imported from the British Plantations, to be paid before the taking the same out of the Warehouse.

3d. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Inland Duties, to be raised and levied upon Tobacco, be appropriated and applied to the same Uses and Purposes, as the former Duties upon Tobacco, to be determined, are appropriated and applied.

4th. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Seizures, to arise by the said Duties, shall be applied to the Use of the Publick, except so much thereof, as shall be allowed to the Informers, or Prosecutors.

The First Refolotion being read a Second time;

The House was moved, That the 2d, 3d, and 5th fSeftions of an Act, made in the 7th and 8th Year of the Reign of King Wm. the Third, intituled, An Act for continuing several Duties, granted by former Act*, upon Wine and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco and East India Goods, and other Merchandize, imported for carrying on the War against France, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

Then a Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Subsidy, and additional Duty, upon Tobacco of the British Plantations, granted by an Act of the Twelfth of King Charier the Second, and the Impost thereon, granted by an Act of the First of King James the Second; and also the One-third Sub-(idy thereon, granted by an Act of the Second of Queen Anne, amounting in the Whole to Five Pence and One-third Part of a Penny per Pound, for several Terms of Years in the said respective Acts mentioned; and which havefince been continued, and made perpetual; subject to Redemption by Parliament; shall, from and after the 24th Day of June 1733, cease and determine.

The House di\ ided.

The Noes go forth.

Tdlns ford*You, } *«'

TeltefortbeN } '*9-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Second and Third Resolution*, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereuponj agreed unto by the House.

The last Resolution being read a Second time;

Mr Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That his Majesty gives his Consent that the House may do as they shall think fit, in relation to the said Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Seizures.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That all Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Seizures, to arise by the said Duties, shall be applied to the Use of the Publick, except so much thereof as shall be allowed to the Informers, or Prosecutors.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Doddington, Mr. Clayton, Sir William Yonge, Sir George Oxenden, Mr; Scrope, and Mr. Edward Walpole, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vol. 22.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1733.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, An Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intit uled. An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the farther qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 190 die Martii;

Anno 6* Georgii II41 Regis, 1732. Prayers.

SI R William Yonge reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Justice, capital Burgeflesand Assistants, of the Corporation of Tiverton, in the County of Devon; and of the Churchwardens of the said Parish of Tiverton; and of the principal Inhabitants residing within the said Town and Parish; was referred *, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House of the 2d Instant, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the fame, the Petitioners called,

Mr. Henry Crurvys: Who said. That the Inhabitants of the Parish of Tiverton are so very numerous, that the Church is not capable of receiving them at Divine Service; and that a Parcel of Ground, near a Street called St. Andrews, within the said Parish, hath been purchased for the Site of a Chapel of Ease; which is intended, for ever, to be for the Use and Benefit of the Inhabitants: That a Chapel hath been built by Subscription of the Petitioners, and other Benefactions, and other Conveniences made on Part of the Ground so purchased; but no Provision hath been made for a Minister, or Ministers, to officiate in the Chapel, which the Petitioners are defuous should be consecrated, or for defraying other incident Charges for the time to come:

That the Church and Parish being divided into Four several Parts, or Portions, called by the Names of Pitt, Clare, Tidcombe, and Priors; which last Portion is appropriated to the Provost and Fellows of King's College, in Cambridge; it has been proposed to the present Rectors of the said Portions of Pitt, Clare, and Tidcombe, and the Curate under the College, who have, ever since the finishing the Chapel, voluntarily, and without any Recompence, officiated therein, that they, and their Successors, shall, at all times hereafter, officiate in the Chapel by Turns, as they now do in the Parish Church of Tiverton; provided that a competent yearly Provision be made for them for the Time being; to which the present Rectors and Curate have consented and agreed: But, as no Provision can be effected and established, without the B b Aid

Ways and Meant.

Sugar

Colonies.

Suppl;

Land

r Bill; Tax.

Members

Qualification

Tivejrton

Chapel.

94

Aid of an Act of Parliament, the Petitioners are desirous that a Bill may be brought in for making the Chapel a perpetual Cure; and that a Maintenance may be provided for the Ministers thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making a Chapel, in the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, a perpetual Cure; and for providing a Maintenance for the Mitiilters who shall officiate therein: And that Sir William Yonge, and Mr. Trebv, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Earl of sir William Wyndham reported from the Committee Ma7ria"fS to w^om t*ie ^grossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Settlements. Act for exemplifying Two Marriage Settlements made on the Marriage of Hemy late Earl of Thomond, and the present Earl of Thomond, and for making the same Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Ireland, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true;

and had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Wyndham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment,

19° Ma.

A. 1732.

Revenue The House being informed. That the Comptroller of Customs. General of the Accounts of the Customs attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs to the Order of the House of the 6th of February last, with an Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Publick Revenues under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs; with an Account of the Money drawn back for Goods re-exported, and . paid out of the same for Premiums or Bounties, from . Christmas 1716 to Christmas 1731, diliinguishing each Branch of Duty, and each Ye&r, for that Part of Great Britain called England.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Return was fead.

Ordered, That the said Return and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the " House.

The said Return and Account are bound up with the other Papers of this Session,

A Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, from the Parish of Enfield, in the County oiMid-d(efe$, to the Town of Hertford, and to the great Bridge in Ware, in the County of Hertford; and for amending the Road from the said great Bridge, to the South End of the great Bridge at WadefmilL, and from the great Road at Chejkunt, to the West End of Small Lea Bridge, in the said County of Hertford; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bichard Plumer, Sir Thomas Sebright, Mr. Ccefar, Sir John Barrington, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Boone, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bvamfion, Mr. Morton, Mr. Monfun, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Holland, Mr. Tremaine, Mr. Martin, Mr. Baco7i, Mr. Trcby, Mx. Lo?igiievi!le, Hr. Earle, Mr. Laroche, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Harrison, Lord Per-. cival, Mr. Sambroke, Sir Nicolas Williams, Mr. Yorke, Mr Phillips, Mr. Winning ton, Sir John Hind Col Ion, Lord Montrath, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Cro/je, Mr. Ilucks, Mr. Parsons, Sir Robert Aujlen, Mr. Walker, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Gould, Sir John Bruce, Lord Morpeth, Mr, Waller, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Sir

Enfield, &c. Roads.

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Kent Writ, to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the ejecting a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Kent, in the room of Sir Robert Funiefi Baronet, deceased.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Duke of First Year of the* Reign of his late Majesty King George Athol’s Title, the First, intituled, An Act for vesting the Honour and Estate of John Duke of Athol in James Murray Esquire, commonly called Lord James Murray, after the Death of the said Duke, was read a Second time.;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Befolvedt That this House will, upon Thar [day Sevennight, resolve ilself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bridewell Dock and Fleet Ditch.

A Bill for filling up such Part of the Chanel of Bridewell Dock, and Fleet Ditch, as lies between.Ilolbmtrn Bridge and Fleet Bridge; and for converting the Ground, when filled up, to the Use of the City of London; was read a Second time. v

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Eyles, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr.

Alderman Parsons, Sir John Williams, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Baconj Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Wollafon, Mr.

Sandy s, Lord Vere Beau clerk, Sir Nicolas Williams,

Sir John Barrington, Mr. Bevan, Major Se/rvyn, *Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Earle, Mr. Wilmington, Colonel Selwyn, Mr. Bung, Mr. Shuttleworth, Colonel Campbellf Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Parsons, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr.

War dour, Mr. Wiljim, Sir John Heathcote, Mr. l)rum<-mond, Mr. 'Foley, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Sir Geo. Cajwdll,

Sir Nathanael Quezon, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Annesley, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir John Bntce, Sir James Grant, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Treby, Sir Geo. Mckenfie: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Grimston presented to the House, accord- st. Alban’s, ing to Order, a Bill for iolarging the Term granted by &c. Roads, an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repdiring the Highways through the several Parishes of St. Michael, St. Alban, St. Petti', Shthlcy, Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex:

And the same was received;/and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill.behead a Second time.

A Eiilt to prevent the* Reffiovin# of Suits out of Removal of Courts of Itecbrd of any City or Town ChrpoF^te vvfohln ?ur, N.out that Part of Great Britain calied England, where the c0ur;s.r Matters in Demand do not exceed a Sum to be limited in the Bill; was read a Second time.

Resolvedd, That the Bill be committed:

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. f

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Three Weeks, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir Nathanael Curzon presented to the House, ac- Attornies cording to :Ordevai,13jll 10 enable certain Persons to and Solicitor* be admitted Attornies: And the same was received; le£u<Ulou-and read the First time.

P^solved, 'fhfcil t'fie tiill be rebd & Second time.

A Petition of JdhuJlfright, of Brewers Hall, alias Dee Brewers Hough, wUhin flic Liberties of the County of Navigation.

to the House,

Wm. Courteney, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Annesley; and the City of Chester.fefqtnre, \vas p refected all the Members that serve for the Counties of Hert- and read; fettftig forth, That the Petitioner’s Marshes fold, FjJfex, Cambridge, Huntingdon, and Lincoln: Arid are the only several or inclosed Marshes adjoining to the

17 River

S Geo. II. 19* — io°

River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester, which are liable'to he aff iled by the intended Navigation of the said River; and that the Petitioner is entitled to a Right of Commoning upon the Common Salt Marshes adjoining to the White Sands, mentioned in the Bill depending in this Motif:*, to rt cover and preserve the Navigation of the said River; and that the said Bill* if passed into a I aw, will ho greatly beneficial to the Petitioner, and several Hundreds who have Right of Commoning upon the said Common Salt Marshes: And therefore proving. That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Dee,. in the County Palatine of CY/ty/cr, is committed.

A Mdfage from the Lords, by Mr. John Bennet and Mr. Eduards:

Mr. Speaker,

Lord A. Tli? Lords have pnfled a Bill, intituled, An Act to ILmilion'i, confirm Articles of Agreement entered into between u*. Mutes. Archibald Hamilton Esquire, commonly called Lord Archibald Hamilton, and others, and George Earl of Macclesfield, and others, Trustees of a Charity, for vesting in George Earl of Orkney, and his Heirs, certain Lands in the County of Berks, to the several Lies, and upon the Trusts, therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also, Savoy's The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for l.iuie. Sale of Part of the paternal Estate of Waltham Savery Esquire, comprised in his Marriage Settlement, to discharge the Incumbrances on other the more valuable Parts of his Estate, in the same Settlement comprised, for the Benefit of his liTiie by Mary his late Wife: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

shipping The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Warden inclosing and dividing the Common Fields and Com-inclosure. nion (rrounds lying in the Manor and Parish of Chipping Warden, in the County of Northampton: To which the Lords delict heConcurrence of this House. And also,

fiodd’s Tire Lophs have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Divorce, diflblve the Marriage of Sir John Rudd Baronet, with Letlice Vaughan, tfud to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Meflfengers withdrew.

Chipping An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wardm f0r inclosing and dividing the Common Fields and inclosure. common Grounds lying in the Manor and Parish of Chipping Warden, in the County of Northampton, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

LordA . An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act k^Eihtes' toconf, rm Articles of Agreement entered into between Archibald Hamilton Esquire, commonly called Lord Archibald Hamilton, and others, and George Earl of Macclesfield, and-others, Trustees of a Charity, for vetting in George Earl of Orkney, and his Heins, certain Lands in the County of Berks to the several Uses, and upon the Trusts, therein mentioned, was read the First . time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Savery’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

fcfaie. for Sale of Part of the paternal Estate of Waltham Savery Esquire, comprised in his Marriage Settlement, to di (charge Incumbrances on other the more valuable Parts of his Ellate in the same Settlement comprised, for the Benefit of his Issue by Mary his late Wife, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. v

apply. The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Vol. 22.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee,.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committed.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House ad journed till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 20* Martii; 1

Anno 6* Georgii 11ll Regis, 1732. Prayer s.

AB I L L for repairing the Roads leading from a Place called Saint Johns Bridge, in the County of Berks, to a Place called Fufield, in the said County, was read a Second time.

Residvcd, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Packer, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Annesley, Sir Francis Child, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Mr. Burton, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Fane, Mr. Satxdys, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Harley, Mr. Bramfion, Mr. Lifter, Sir Robert Monroe, Sir 77/0-mas Robinson, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Digby, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Hall, Sir Wm. Keyte, Colonel Onslow, Sir John Williams, Colonel Bladen, Sir Jermyti 1Davors, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Wollaston, Sir Robert Kemp, Sir James Grant, Sir John Bruce, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Rudge, Sir Roger Meredith; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Berks, Southampton, Wilts, Oxford, Gloucester, Hereford, and South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dirtolvethe Marriage of Sir John Rudd Baronet with Lettice Vaughan, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Vincent reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of William Haiweft Esquire, on behalf of his Son George Harvest, an Inrfant of the Age of Sixteen Years, or thereabouts, and of Tash Harvef and Wm. Haiwejl, both Infants, and Sons of the said William Harvest, and George Tash Esquire, Trustee for the said George Harvest during his Minority, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

That the Comlnittee, pursuant to the Order of the House, bearing Date the Second Day of this instant March, proceeded to examine the Matter of the Petition; and find,

That William Hatton Esquire, deceased, by his WTiIf, bearing Date the 18th of May 1703, which was laid before the Committee, devised certain Messuages, Houses, and Buildings, with the Appurtenances, in Mark-lane, in the City of London, to his Nephew William Hatton, and Anne his Wife, and their Heirs for ever; subject to the yearly Payment off. 20 clear of all Taxes, to the Minister of the Parish of East Molefy, in the County of Surrey, for the time being; and £.4. 10s.

Sugar

Colonies.

St. John’s Bridge to Fy field Roads.

Rudd’s

Divorce.

Harvefi’s

Estate.

9<S

20* Mar Hi.

A. 1732.

for buying of Ruggs, to be given yearly to Six poor Housekeepers for ever:

That the said Anne Hatton survived her Husband; and, by her Will* dated the 17 th of July 1728, also laid belore I he Committee, devised the Messuages and Pre-mi fes to her Nephew George Harveji, and his Heirs j subject to the said yearly Payments, and upon Condition to pay his Brothers Tash Harveji and William Harveji£. 100 a-piece at their Ages of 21 Years; but, if either of them should die before that Age, then to pay the Part of him so dying to the Survivor:

That Anne, by her Will, directed, that the Petitioner George Tash should receive the Rents of the Premises until he should attain the Age of 21 Years; but, if he should die before he attained that Age, then (lie gave the Premisestothe PetitionerG<so7-g^7i{//f, and his Heirs: That the said Anne Hatton is fmce dead; and the Ilotifes and Buildings have been, from the time of her jDcath, and are now, untenanted.

Then the Petitioners called Witnesses; viz.

Mr. Wm. Read, and Mr. John Turnery Carpenters; Who proved, That the Houses and Buildings, which they very lately surveyed, are become 1b ruinous, that there is a Necessity of building them, or laying out a large Sum of Money on the Repairs thereof.

And it appeared to the Committee, That the Petitioner George Tash is not able to rebuild or to repair the Houses, or to grant Building Leases thereof for any longer Term than until George Harveji, the Infant, shall attain his Age of 21 Years; and, the Houses and Premises being untenanted, the yearly Payments aforesaid of £, 20 and £. 4. ior. which are now in Arrear, mull remain unpaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for vesting in Trustees certain Messuages, Houses, and Buildings, in Mark-lane, in the City of London, the Estate of George Harveji, an Infant, to be sold, subject to the Payment of Twenty Pounds, and Four Pounds and Ten Shillings, charged thereupon; and for laying out the Money arising by such. Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to such Uses as the Premises to be sold now lland limited: And that Mr. Vincent, and Colonel Onslow, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Dee A Petition of the Merchants, Owners and Masters of ^tvigatiort. Ships, inhabiting within, and trading from, the Town and Port of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lan~ cqfier, to and from his Majesty s Plantations, and other foreign Parts, whose Names are subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others concerned therein, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road or Harbour called Hoyl Lake, within the Limits of the said Port, which is preserved by the outward Bank called Hoyl Sand, has been found, by long Experience, to be the most commodious Road in that Part of the Kingdom for the Reception of his Majesty’s Ships of War, as well as of Merchants Ships; and the only Safeguard for those arriving from foreign Parts, before their Entrance into the Harbour of Liverpool; and also the most convenient Road in Great Britain for Transportation of his Majesty s Forces to Ireland; and that, in case the lliver Dee be so contrafted and confined as to increase the Current out of the same into the Sea, the Petitioners apprehend that the Ebb Tide will soon cut a Puffage through the said Bank; and thereby divert the present Current, which now run9 through, and keeps open, Hoyl Lake; and, by obstructing the said Current, render that commodious Harbour intirely useless, to the Destruction of the Navigation to and from the said Town and Port: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to take the Premises into Consideration; and that the Bill depending in this House, to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester, may not pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Aufvvers to Add relies.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of the Twelfth Instant, That his Majesty would

be graciously pleased to give Direction, That there -might be laid before this House an Account, how the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, have been disposed of, which were purchased for the better fortifying and securing the Harbours and Docks at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to treat and agree for such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as shall be judged proper to be purchased for the better fortifying Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich; and also an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the said Queen, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better fortifying and securing the Harbours and Docks at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich, and which were paid for, by virtue of an Address of the House of Commons to her said late Majesty, the Second Day of June 1714; had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Comptroller also reported to the House, That their Address of Wednesday last, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions for the building a more spacious and convenient Edifice, that may be made use of for the Reception of the Parliament; and to allure his Majesty, That this House will make good the Expence of the fame; had been prefeuted to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commapded him to acquaint this House, That his Majesty will clireft some proper Place to be pitched upon forerefting the fame.

Sir Jennyn Davers reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the chief of the Inhabitants dwelling in the Neighbourhood, and near the Road, therein after-mentioned, as well on the behalf of themselves, as others the rest of the Inhabitants there; and also the Petition of the Bailiffs, principal Burgesses, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Eye, in the County of Suffolk; and of several Inhabitants of the Town of Diss, in the County of Norfolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of several Freeholders, and others, living near the Road leading from a Place called Yaxley Bully to, the Town of EyCy and from the said Town to Lanthorn Green, in the County of Suffolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were referred; That the Committee had exmained the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to thorn, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, for referring the said Petitions to them, proceeded to examine the Matter of the Two first-mentioned Petitions:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof,

The Act of Parliament of the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne was laid before the Committee; whereby certain Tolls were granted for the Term of at Years, from the First Day of May 1712, for repairing the Roads leading from the Town and Port of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, through Needham and Stoicmarket, to the Rounds of Hawleigh, and the ancient Road called the Pye Road, from a Place called Cvdenham Bacon, to the further End of Lanthorn Green.

Then Witnesses were called; viz.

Mr. Joftph Norton: Who said. That the old Roads from Ipjioich to Cley don, as also the Road to Stow-market, are in such a ruinous Condition, that they are almost impassable.

Richard Gipps Esquire said. That the Road from Tothill to Needham Market, being Part of the Road directed to be repaired by the former Act, is so very bad, that it cannot be amended without Tome other Assistance.

Mr.

Ipftri Uoad

6 Geo. II. 20° Martii. 97

Mr. John Mealling said, That the old Pye Road is very bad; and that the Roads from Yaxley to Eye (being about One Mile and a Half), and from Eye to Lanthorn Green (being One Mile and a Half more), are so bad, that Coaches cannot pass without Danger; and, for that Reason, Waggons have been obliged to lie ftiort of their Journey; but, if the said Roads, were repaired, it would be of great Advantage to the neighbouring Parishes: And the said John Mealling said further. That it will cost £ 200 to repair the Road between Eye and Yaxley Bull, being about Three Quarters of a Mile.

And he also said, That the Farmers carry Corn to Ipswich; and, by the Badness of the last mentioned Roads, their Cattle have received great Damage; but, if the said Roads were amended, they would constantly return loaded, which now they cannot do, and would also fetch all Plank from Ipswich:

That, if the Farmers do carry Corn to Bungy, they must deliver 21 Coomb for a Score, and at Ipswich, only 20 Coomb: And he further said, That the last mentioned Road is the Poll Road.

Mr. John Gudgeon confirmed the Evidence of John Mealling: And further said, That he had surveyed those Roads, and that they are very bad; and that the Parishes of Yaxley, Brazcnorth, and Eye, through which the said Roads lead, have constantly done their Statute work, but the same hath not been sufficient to repair the said Roads; and that, by reason of the badness of the Roads, the Expence of Carriage is now One Shilling and Six Pence, whereas there was formerly paid only One Shilling; and that the Inhabitants cannot get into the great Road without going through Eye.

And that it appeared to the Committee, That the Roads intended to be repaired by the former Act, and the additional Roads, cannot be amended and so kept, unlessfome other Provision be made for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for inlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act. passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Road leading from Ipswich to Cleydon, and the Road called the Pye Road, in the County of Suffolk; and for amending the Road leading from Yaxley Bull, through Eye to Lanthorn Green, in the said County: And that Sir Jermyn Davers. Sir Robert Kemp, Colonel Cornwallis, and Mr. Wollaston, do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

Aden A Bill for erecting Piers in, and for repairing, and

keeping in repair, the Harbour of Little-ha mplon, called Arundell Port, in the County of SuJJ'ex, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Shelley, Mr. Lumley, Mr. Winning ton, Mr. Piers, Lord Percival, Lord Tyrconnel, Mr. Burton, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Fane, Mr. Orlebar, Colonel Ducket, Sir Robert Monroe, Mr. James Lumley, Mr. Walker, Mr. Pauletl, Mr. Lovgueville, Mr. Martin, Colonel Middleton, Mr. Earle, Mr. Clulterbuck, Mr. Bladen, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Robert Kemp, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Brooksbank, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Pturner, Mr. Butler, Mr. Selwyn, Lord Cole raine, Mr. Ccefar, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Annefey, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sevan, Mr. Wyndham, Sir James Grant, Sir John Bruce, Mr. Heathcofe, Sir Jermyn Davers, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Francis Child,\ Mr. Child, M r. Lyjier. Mr. Pearce, Sir Nicolas Williams, Mr. Williams, Mr. Clayton, Sir Rogei' Meredith, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Ailing ton. Lord Mic-filetlnvaitc; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Sussex, Surrey, Kent, Cinque Ports; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Chamber.

u‘ Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had Vol. 22.

made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment of One of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Nathanael Booth, of the County of Dee Middlesex, Esquire, was presented to the House, and Navigation; read; felting forth, That, upon a View of the Plan, by which the Undertakers for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, propose to effect the said Navigation, the Petitioner conceives, and is advised by able and skilful Persons, who have viewed the fame, that, if the Bill depending in this House, to recover and prefer ve the Navigation of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester, should pass into a Law, his Lands on the South Side of the said River will be rendered useless: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself, or Counsel, in relation to the said Bill, before the same shall pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner, if he thinks fit, be heard, by himself, or Counsel, before the said Committee, according to/he Prayer of his Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Member® Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend, Qualification, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the farther qualifying the Members to fit in the I Ioufe of Commons.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rolle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Laws for into a Committee of the whole House, to consider the Punishment Laws in being with respect to the Punishment of Cri- of Criminals, minals, and how the same be made more effectual, being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Lord Wid-Committeeof the whole House, upon the Bill to enable drington’s William Widdrmgton, late Lord Widdrington, to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his At- V 1U er* tainder, and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate, that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him, or which he was intitled unto, in Reversion or Remainder, before his Attainder.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Bladen took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Bladen reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the fame, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

C c The

2 o' — 21° Martii.

98

A. 1732.

HorQydown The other Order of the Day being read; Ordered That the said Petition be referred to the

M ini tar's Resolved, That this Hoafe vviU, upon Thursday Morn- Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for Maintenance. *nS n^xt, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the House, upon the Bill for providing a Maintenance for River Thames is committed: And that the Petitioners, the Minister of the new Church of Horjlydown, in the if they think fit, be heard, before the said Committee, Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey; and by their Counsel, according to the Prayer of the said for making the DiilritS assigned to the same a distinct Petition.

Parish. Ordered\ That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Morning, Nine of the Clock. Petition.

Ordered, That all that come to the said Committee __________ have Voices.

Mercuriiy 2i° die Martii;

Anno 6° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1732.

Prayers.

Sheldon’s O I R Thomas Lyttelton reported from the Committee, to w jlom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging divers Lands and Hereditaments at Aberton, in the County of Worcester, Part of the Estate of Francis Sheldon, Esquire, a Lunatick, from the Trusts of a former A^l of Parliament, made for Payment of the Debts of the said Francis Sheldon; and for veiling another Estate of the said Lunatick, in the County of Gloucester, in Trustees, for the same Purpose; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the fame, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had dire6b*d him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Lyttelton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Brandon’s

De’>t to the Crown.

Mr. Winnington presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for vesting in Trustees the unsettled Estates of \Vm. Brandon, deceased, to be sold, for Payment of a Debt due from him to the Crown; and for applying the Residue of the Money arising hv such Sale for the Benefit of his Family: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Wadesmill Mr. Cafar presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectual repairing the Roads leading from Wadesmill, in the County of Hertford, to Barley and Royston, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Lataffe and Petition of several Owners and Mailers of Ships Bullage, employed in the Coal and Coasting Trade, in behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read, complaining of the Exactions, and other oppreffive Practices, of the Corporation of Trinity-house: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the Bill depending in this House for the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames', or that such Clauses may be admitted into the fame, as may be a Security to the Petitioners for their having full Tonnage of Ballast; and that they may be exempted from all Prosecutions and vexatious Suits, by the said Corporation, on account of, or for taking on board any of their Ships or Vessels, and transporting, any Dung for Manuring of Land, Chalk for Making of Lime, Soap-ashes for Making of Glass, or any Bricks or Tiles, or other Goods or Merchandizes; or that the House will grant to the Petitioners such other A Alliance and Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

16

Sir Edmund Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Persons there under-named, on behalf of themselves, and other theaCling Commissioners of the Land Tax for the Year 1730, for Part of the County of Norfolk, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matters of Fa£l contained therein; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

It appeared to the Committee, That Process of the Court of Exchequer hath issued against the said acting Commissioners, or some of them, for the several Sums mentioned in the Petition; and this has been certified to the Commissioners of the Treasury, by the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes.

Mr George Payne, Assistant Secretary to the Commissioners for Taxes, attended the Committee; and proved, Thut Mr. Allen, and about Eleven more General Receivers, were ordered by the Commissioners of the Treasury not to act, till such time as they paid such Sums as were in Arrear within their respective Receiverships.

The said Mr. Payne laid before the Committee aCer-tificate, signed by the Commissioners of Taxes; whereby it appeared. That Nlv. Allen had received, and that there was due from him, the Sum of £. 4,412. 6. 11£.

It also appeared to the Committee, That the said Mr. Allen continued acting as Receiver General, without having any Commission for so doing; and that it was not known to the Commissioners, who are the Petitioners, at the time when the Money was paid to the said Mr. Allen, that he was suspended from his Employment, he being then in full Credit in the Country; and that, immediately after he had received the Money, he became insolvent, and went beyond Sea, and is finca dead.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1733, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the Relief of the Petitioners, and those on whose behalf they also petitioned.

Ordered, That the Committee who are appointed to inspect what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued; have Power to report their Proceedings, from time to time, to the House, as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That Mr. Ralph Jennifon, Sir Charles Both am, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Arundell, Mr. Cholm ley Turner, Sir Conyers D'Ai'cy, Mr. Loivther, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Peers, Sir Wm. Loivther, Sir Wilfrid Law-son. Sir Wm. Milner, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Ramsden, Colonel Hozvard, NLr. Christopher Tower, Wr. Crojfe, Mr. St. Quintin, Sir Wm. Went worth, Sir Harry Slingsby, Mr. Wor fly Montagu, Mr. Aiflaby, Sir Wm. Middleton, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Laivfon, Mr. Parsons, be added to the Committee who are appointed to inspect what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their

Opinion

Erpingham &c. Land Tax.

Expiring

Laws.

6 Geo. II.

Opinion to the House, vived, or continued.

41* Martii.

99

which of them are fit to be re*

UriWid-drington’s Debilities by Atuio-dtr.

Deeds

udwais.

Iiprting

Kwrge’s

CtsTeh in tatark.

An ingrafted Bill to enable William Widdi'ington, late Lord BJddrington, to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate, that may or shall hereafter descend or come to him, or which lie was intitled unto, in Reversion or Remainder, before his Attainder; was read the Third time.

Refotved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act to enable William Widdrington, late Lord Widdrington, to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter descend or come to him, or which he was intitled unto, in Reversion or Remainder, before his Attainder.

Ordered, That the Lord Morpeth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. John Bennet and Mr. Edwards;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing further Time for the Iurolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers and Lessees, without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act DtOTouds, for the free Importation and Exportation of Diamonds, kc' Pearls, Rubies, Emeralds, and all other Jewels and precious Stones, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of St. George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, as One of the Fifty new Churches, directed to be built by Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Ninth, the other in the Tenth, Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Ame, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for obviating a Doubt which may arise upon an Act madein the Fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act, that all Proceedings in the Courts of Justice within that Part of Great Britain called England, and in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, shall be in the English Language, so far as the same doth or may relate to the Court of the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, or to any Members or Branches thereof, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrests, and for the more easy Recovery of Debts and Damages in the Courts of great Sessions in the Principality of II ales, and in the Court of Assize in the County Palatine of Chester; and for the obviating a Doubt, which has arisen upon an Act, made in the Fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act that all Proceedings in Courts of Justice within that Part of Great Britain called England, and in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, shall be in th£ English Language, so far as the same Act doth or may relate to the Courts of Justice holden within the said Principality; with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew’.

! itaben Mr. Rolle, according to Order, reported from the JUkiuM. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the farther qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the KH; and which they had directed him to report to the Vox. 22,

House and he fead the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sug&r

Colonies,

An ingrafted Bill for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. John Beimel and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Dun to explain and amend Two Acts of Parliament, one Negation, made in the Twelfth, and the other in the Thirteenth,

Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for making navigable the River Dun, in the County of York; and for the better perfecting and maintaining the said Navigation; and for uniting the several Proprietors thereof into One Company; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty, in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publickand private Bills following; vizf.

An Act for ptmifliing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters:

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Employments, or Offices, by taking the Oaths, and making, and subscribing, the Declaration against Transubftaotiation, and receiving the Sacrament; and allowing them further Time for that Purpose:

An Act for allowing further Time for the Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers and Lessees:

An Act for obviating a Doubt which may arise upon an Act, made in the Fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act that all Proceedings itt the Courts of Justice wilhin that Part of Great Britain called England, and in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, shall be in the English Language, so far as the same doth or may relate to the Court of the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, or to any Members or Branches thereof:

An Act for the free Importation and Exportation of Diamonds, Pearls, Rubies, Emeralds, and all other Jewels and precious Stones:

An Act to explain and amend Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Twelfth, and the other in the Thirteenth, Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for making navigable the River Dun, in the County of York; and for the better perfecting and maintaining the said Navigation; and for igniting the several Proprietors thereof into One Company:

An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of St. George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, as One of the Fifty new Churches directed to be built by Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Ninth, the other in the Tenth, Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne:

An Act for exemplifying Two Marriage Settlements madeon the Marriage of Henry late Earl of Thomond, and the present Earl oiThomond; and for making the same Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Ireland:

An

Royal Assent to Bills.

100 21® — 2

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Common Meadows, in the Parish of Barfion, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for discharging divers Lands and Hereditaments at Abertoii, in the County of Worcester, Part of the Estate of Francis Sheldon Esquire, a Lunatick, from the Trusts of a former Act of Parliament, made for Payment of the Debts of the said Francis Sheldon $ and for veiling another Estate of the said Lunatick, in the County of Gloucester, in Trustees for the same Purpose:

An Act to naturalize JuJlus Gerhard and Paul L'Hospital, William Christian Hamburger, and others.

Ways The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve it-and Means, self inlo a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply Bill; The Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself Land Tax. into the Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Year x733, being read;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax for the Year 1731, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1733.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill, and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

yovis, 2 2® die Martii;

Anno 6® Georgii IIdi Regis, 1732,

Prayers.

Attorniei A BILL to enable certain Persons to be admitted anuSolici- Attornies, was read a Second time.

lation.egU* Resolved. That the Bill be committed to Sir Natha-

nael Curzon, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Scrape, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Holland, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. WoLlafton, Mr. Leheup, Mr. St. Quin-tin, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Wilson, Mi*. Philips, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Compton, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Heron, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Tremain, Colonel Townshend, Captain Purvis, Mr. Drummond, S\r Nicolas Williams, Mr. Walker, Mr. Huxley, Sir Thomas Lowther, Mr. Winford. Sir Francis Child, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Lifter, Sir James Campbell\ Mr. More, Sir Wm. Carew, Mr. Leigh, Mr Gibjon, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Bramfion, Mr. Campbell of Pembr. and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Dee A Petition of John Theedham Gentleman was pre-Navigation. fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner is intitled to One-eighth Part in Possession in Fee, and to a farther contingent Right at Lady-day 1734, in certain Lands and Hereditaments, especially *those called the White Sands, lying on each Side of the

2° Martii. J. 1732.

River Dee,*in the Counties of Flint and Chester: That, by the Bill depending in this House, to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester, the said Lands and Hereditaments, or the greatest Part thereof, are intended to be veiled in certain Persons, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, to the Use of them, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, to the great Injury of the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioner such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester, is committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the House, of the 19th Duke of Day of this instant March, for the House to resolve AtiiolP* itself upon this Day Sevennight, into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for vesting the Honour and Estate of John Duke of AtholL in James Murray Esquire, commonly called Lord James Murray, after the Death of the said Duke, be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill,

Ordered, That the Order of the House, of the 13th Old-street Day of this instant March, for the House to resolve Chyrch , itself, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, into a Committee MawLuauc* of the whole House, upon the Bill for providing a Maintenance for the Rector of the new Church near Oldjlreet, in the Parish of St. Giles, Cripplegate; and for making that Part of the said Parish, which is called the Lordship Part, a distinct Parish; and for impowering the Commissioners for Building of the Fifty new Churches to apply a Sum of Money to wall in the said Church and Church-yard; and to erect a House for the Habitation of the Rector of the said Church, out of the Money appropriated for the Endowment of the said Fifty new Churches; be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the House, of the 19th Supply. Day of this instant March, for the House to resolve itself, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Vincent presented to the House, according to Lamotte* Order, a Bill to naturalize Jean Lagier Lamotte: And Nat. the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of John Crew Esquire, Lord of the Manor Dec

of Blacon, in the County of Chester, was presented to Navigation; the House, and read; setting forth, That, if the Bill depending in this House, to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester, should pass into a Law, your Petitioner apprehends, and is advised, that a considerable Part of his Property will be vested in the Undertakers of the proposed Navigation of the said River, unless Provision be made in the said Bill, for Saving of his Rights: And therefore praying to be heard, by himself, or Counsel, in relation to the said Bill, before the same shall pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner, if lie thinks lit, be heard, by himself, or Counsel, before the said Committee, according to the Prayer of his Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the fame

6 Geo. II. 220 Martii. — 20 Aprilis. iot

fame time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Charitable Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Petition Corporation. cf Proprietors of the charitable Corporation for Relief of indufirious Poor, by affixing them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in a general Court, is referred, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

York Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Petition Building* of t|ie Proprietors of the Stock of the Governor and onipany. Company for raising the Thumcs Water in York Buildings, aflerabled ip their General Court held at their I Joufe in Winchester-street, the Twelfth of January 1752, is referred, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Ad journment of the House.

Horflvdown The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a new Church Commitiec of the whole House, upon the Bill lor pro-Waiuie- v*ding a Maintenance for the Minister of the new Biot#." Church of Horjlydowu, in the Borough of Southwark, if 1 the County of Surrey; and for making the District, assigned to the fame, a cliftinct Parish.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Vincent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed (he Chair.

Mr. Vincent reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, Thai the Report be received upon Monday Seveuu iglit.

Luna2° die Aprilis \

Anno 6# Georgii IIdi Regis, 1733.

Pray ers.

AN Lagier Lamotle took the Oaths appointed,

J in order to his Naturalization,

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Savery’s for Sale of Part of the paternal Estate of Waltham Efate. Savery, Esquire, comprised in his Marriage Settlement, to discharge the Incumbrances, and other the more valuable Parts, of his Estate, in the same Settlement comprised, for the Benefit of his Issueby Mary his late Wife, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Treby*

Mr. Palmer, Mr. Digby, Mr. Annejley, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir Robert Monroe, Mr. Bacon, Sir John St.

Aubin% Sir Wm. Courteney, Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr.

Hanbury, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Noel, Sir John Rufhout,

Mr. Winford, Mr. WyndJiam, Mr. Cunningham, Mr.

Orlcbar, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Bramjli.n, Sir John AjUey,

Colonel Mount ague, Mr. Turner,%\v Nathanael Curzon,

Sir James Grant, Lord Micklethwaite, Mr. Gregory,

Mr. Lijier, Mr. Ccefar, Sir John Cope, S\r John Heath+ cote, Mr. Packer, Mr. Childe, Mr. Cornewall, Mr.

Lyfier, Mr. Sevan, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Harley and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Excise The House being informed, that same of the Com-Seuurei, &c. mjflioners Gf the Excise attended at the Door;

They were raised hi; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Accounts of the Net Produce paid into the Exchequer, of Fines, Penalties, and Seizures, in the Country Cofclcftions, from Midsummer 1716 to Midsummer 1732; Jiftinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Gross Amount of the Value of the Seizures made by the Officers of Excise within the Bills of Mortality; and what has been the Net Produce paid therefrom into flic Exchequer; from Midsummer 1716 to Midsummer 1732; diliinguishing each Year; and the Value of each Commodity 1’eizod: And also, An Account of ttie Number of Permits given, and Quantities of Tea sent from any Part or Place, within the Bills of Mortality, into any other Part of Great Britain, iiom July 1729, iuclusive, to July 1732, exclusive.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perufi d by the Members of the House. The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Adjournment. A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the House do adjourn till Monday Sevennight The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,^; , }*9-

Tellers for the ] ».

So it was refoJved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Sevennight, the Second Day of April next, Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Vo 1. 22.

Mr. Sandysreported from the Committee, to whom Alton Magna

the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Hamlet of Ajion Inclosure.

Magna, in the Parish of Blockley, in the County of Uorcejier, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent9 to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for enlarging the Term granted by an Act st. Alban's, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty &c. Roads. King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways through the several Parishes of,

St. Alban, St. Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and

in the Counties of Hertford and was read a

Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Grhn-ston, Mr. Richard Plummer, Mr. Mr. Fane, Sir

Wm. Middleton, Mr. St. 2uintin, Mr. , Mr.

Pawlett, Mr. Lewis, Sir Hen. Haworth, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Lifter, Mr.

Child, Mr. Crispe, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Revan, Lord thwaite, Lord Gage, Doctor Lee, Mr. Mr.

Clarke, Mr. More, Mr. Burton, Mr. Andrews, Sir Wm.

Milner, Sir Rowland J/Jton, Mr. Lyddell, Mr, Plumtre,

Mr. Gregory, Mr. Lumley, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Le-heup. Captain Ryles, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Parsons, Mr.

Carr, M r. Crosse, Sir Charles Nicoll, S i r,

Mr. Turner, Mr. Annejley, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr.

Bacon, Sir James Grant, Mr. Compton, Sir Wm. Keyt, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Neat, Mr. Roberts, M r. V Mr.

Cafar; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex: And they are to meet this

D d Afternoon

WadtfmiH, to Barley, &c. Roads.

Banbury

Writ.

Rudd's

Divorce.

Privilege.

Lord Hamilton's, 6cc. Estate.

102 2° A. 1733-

Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Bill for the more effectual repairing the Roads leading from Wadesmill, in the County of Hertford, to Barley and Royston, in the said County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. C<rfarK Mr. Plummer, Mr. Richard Plummer, Sir Thomas Sebright, Mr. Turner, Mr. Longueville, Lord Gage, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Hamilton, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Digby, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Byng, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Lifer. Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Neale, Sir John Rijhout, Mr. Danvers. Mr. Qngley, Mr. Harletj, Dr. Clarke, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Ward, Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir James Grant, Sir Wm. Clayton,§\r Geo. Saville, Mr. JValcote, Sir Gw. M‘kenzie, Mr. Compton, Mr. Drezv, Sir John St. Aubin; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Hertford, Middlesex, Huntingdon, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for iheelefting a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Boron°h of Banbury, in the County of Oxon, in the room of Toby Cliauncy, Esquire, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir John Rudd, Baronet, with Lettice Vaughan, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolvetd, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Three Weeks, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hearCounfel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill; if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard, by Counsel, or to produce Witnesses.

Complaint being made to the House, That Edward Cheney, o[Flint, Gentleman, and John Ithellaxid Richard Griffith. of Mould, and Edward Williams, oiAberdeeny, iti the Parish of Lanverras, in the Hundred of Yale, in t he County of Denbigh, as Agents or Workmen, of the said Edward Cheney, have, in a forcible Manner, entered upon, and dug, several Quantities of Lead Ore, out of certain Lead Mines, Part of the Estate of Sir Robert Grosvenor, Baronet, a Member of this House; in Breach of a Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act > to confirm Articles of Agreement entered into between Archibald Hamilton, Esquire, commonly called Lord Archibald Hamilton, and others, and George Earl of Macclesfield, and others, Trustees of a Charity, for vesting in George Earl of Orkney, and his Heirs, certain Lands in the County of Berks, to the several Uses, and upon the Trusts, therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm. Young, Colonel Mountague, Mr. Martin, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Walker, Mr. Treby, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Le-heup, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Butler, Mr. Jewkes, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Tozvnjhend, Mr. Hales, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Waller, Mr. Harris, Mr. Hed-

worth. Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Gould, Sir John Cope, Mr.

Lawson, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Carr, Mr. Bromley, Mr. x.Pearce, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Medlicott, Colonel Read,

Sir Walter Baggott, Mr. Watford, Sir James Grant, Sir Robert Abdy, Sir Robert Monroe, Sir James Campbell,

Sir John Bruce; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Oxford, Northampton, and Wartvrek:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Vincent, according to Order, reported from the Horflydown Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for P®. providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the new Ma"nte-1 Church of Horjlydozen, in the Borough of Southwark, nance, in the County of Surrey-, and for making the District: assigned to the fame, a distinct Parish; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Report was read; and several of the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said

Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Preventing into a Committee of the w'hole House, upon the Bill Stock-to prevent the infamous Practice of Stockjobbing, i°bbing. being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve Supply Bill; itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Tax* further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1733, being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they be impowered to receive a Clause, to enable and direct the several Commissioners to be appointed in the said Bill, for putting the same in Execution, to nominate and appoint a Receiver or Receivers General for each County, Riding, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town, or Place respectively, within England, Wales, and Berwick, for which they are appointed Commissioners; and to make the said respective Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, or Places, for which they are appointed Commissioners, answerable for any Deficiency that may happen by suchReceiver or Receivers;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had-directed h}m to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Supply, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

6 Geo. II

3° Aprilis.

ibj

Wine* imported, &c.

Mart is, 30 die Aprilis;

Anno 6° Georgii II41 Regis, 1733. Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Otenford, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended' at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs, to an Order of the I Ioufe of the Sixth of February lad, with an Account of the Quantity, and Sorts, of Wines, imported into England; and how much thereof has been re-exported to foreiiru Parts; from Christmas 1710 to Christmas 1731; with the Gross and Net Produce of the Duties arising thereon.

And then he withdrew.

Anri the said Return was read.

Ordered, That the said Return and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Return and Account are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Chipping An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Warden for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields and nctoiure — conimon Grounds lying in the Manor and Parish of Chipping-Warden, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second time.

Befolird, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm. Yonge, Colonel Mount ague, Mr. Martin, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Wallcer, Mr. Treby, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Leheupe, Mr. Ijnngucville, Mr. Butler, Mr. Jcwkes, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Tcnvnjhend, Mr. Hales, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr Waller, Mr. Harris, Mr. Hedworth, Sir Charles Biinbun/, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Gould, Sir John Cope, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Carr, Mr. Martin, Mr. Bromley, Mr Pearce, Mr. Parsons. Mr. Medlicot, Colonel Read, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. IVin ford, Sir James Grant, Sir Robert Abdy, Sir Robert Monroe, Sir James Campbell, Sir John Bruce; mnd all the Members that serve for the Counties of Oxford, Northampton, and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Brandon's A Bill for vesting inTrufiees the unsettled Estates of Debt 10 ihc William Brandon. deceased, to be sold, for Payment of a Debt due from him to the Crown; and for applying the Residue of the Money arising by such Sale for the Benefit of his Family; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Winning ton, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Walker, Mr. Byng, Mr. Lmigueville, Captain Purvis, Colonel Selwyn, Mr. Treby, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Harris, Sir John Cope, Colonel Mount ague, Mr. Huxley, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Vincent, Mr. E(hoards, Mr. Martin, Mr. Plumptrey Mr. Bladen, Colonel Ducket', Mr. Burton, Sir Geo. Saunders, Mr. Pearce, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Douglas, Mr Mcdlicolf, Nr. Bacon, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Be van, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Clayton, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Laufon, Sir Ethvard Stanley, Lord Limerick, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Lifer, Mr. Wyndham, Sir Archer Craft, Sir Geo. APkenJie, Sir James Campbell, Mr Campbell, Major Selwyn, Mr. Drew; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Devon and Southampton: AjkI they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

apply Bill; The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Laud Tax. a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1733.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Vo l. 22.

Sir Charles Turner* reported froth the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursden)

Morning next;

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Morice have Leave to gd Leave of into the Country, upon account of the Indifpcffition of Absence. his Lady.

The House being informed, that Mr. Carkeffc, Se- ^rabdiiu cretary to the Cormtiiffionete of the Customs* attended wineTrade. at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs to the Order of the House of the Seventh of March last, with a particular Account of the Frauds, which have come to their Knowledge, relating to the Importation and Exportation, the Landing, Re-fhmping; and Running, of Wines, since Christmas 1723; and when* and at what Ports and Places, committed; with the Proceedings which have been had thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Return was read.

Ordered, That the said Return and Account do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Return and Account are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, ITiat the proper Officer do lay before this* Tobacco House, the Amount of all Bonds entered into for To- Import bacco imported into t he Port of London, from Christmas Bonds*

1720 to Christmas 1732; with an Account of what Loss has happened on any of the said Bonds; distinguishing the Persons Names by whom such Loffis have been sustained.

Ordered, That the pfoper Officers do lay before this Ditto. House, an Account of all Bonds entered into on account of Tobacco imported into the Port of Londoh, and the several Out Ports, from Christmas 1712; distinguishing the Times when such Bonds were entered into; and when discharged; and also, what now remains due thereupon, respectively.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs FrJm(k do lay before this House, a particular Account of the relating to Frauds, which have come to their Knowledge, relating Tea*,&c. to the Importation and Exportation, the Landing, Re-shipping, and Running, of Teas, and Brandies, since Chrjlmas 1723; and when, and at what Ports or Places, committed; with the Proceedings which have been had thereupon; and the Names of the Vessels on board which any Seizures of Teas and Brandies have been made from the said Time.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excise do Ditto, lay before this House, a particular Account of the Frauds, which have come to their Knowledge, relating to Teas, and Brandies, since Midsummer 1724; ana when, and at what Places, committed; with the Proceedings which have been had thereupon.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Excise do lay Duty on before this House, an Account of what Money has Victuallerfc been received, and paid, by virtue of the Act, made ini the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, whereby a Duty was laid upon all Victuallers, and Retailers of Beer and Ale, within the Cities of London and Westminstert and the Bills of Mortality, since the Commencement of the said Act; distinguishing each Year and likewisean Account of the Number of Victuallers, at the Commencement of the said A cl; and what Number was upon the Lift at Midsummer last.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Excise do lay be- Beer and fore this House, the Quantities of Strong Beer and Ale Ale brewed, brewed by common Brewers, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and within the Bills of Mortality, from Midsummer 1727 to Midsummer 1732; distinguishing each Year; together with the Duties paid thereupon.

An

Members

Qualification,

Call of the House.

Clandestine

Marriages.

Laws for IPunishment of Criminals.

Horflydbwn new Churdh Minister’s Maintenance.

Lamotte's

Mat,

Thities on

Tobacco,

&c.

Ways and Means.

104 3* — 4° —

Aningrorted Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for feeur-ing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the further qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons, was read the Third time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Telleis for the Veu,£"; } 12°.

}-S9

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Sevennight, the Tenth Day of this instant April.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Heads of a Bill for rendering the Laws in being more effectual, for preventing clandestine Marriages.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider the Laws in being, with respect to the Punishment of Criminals; and how the same may be made more effectual.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the new Church of Horjlydozen, in the Borough of Soutfncark, in the County of Surrey, and for making the District., assigned to the fame, adiftinfct Parish, was committed, be further adjourned till Thursday next, at Twelve of the Clock,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 4*;

50 Aprilis. A. 1733*

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Sir Charles Turner prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing several Subsidies, and an Impofl, now payable on Tobacco of the British Plantations; and for granting an Inland Duty in lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Mr. Chanceller of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty gives his Consent, that this House may make such Alterations, as they shallj think fit, for the public Service, in relation to the Subsidy on Tobacco now payable to his Majesty, on account of his Majesty’s Civil List.

And it having been objected. That some Parts of the said Bill were not within the Resolutions of the House, pursuant to which the said Bill was ordered to be brought in;

A Motion was made, and the Qaeftioa being put. That the Bill be withdrawn;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeasi *r

’{Mr. Ccejar:

Tellers for tho Noes ISir Gto' eliers lor the JNoes,£ Mr:

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Ji76.

32.

being put,

<».. }

Teller.f,,.heJW’ j 23,.

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Telle^fertheYea^-- } 236.

Tellers for the .00.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

Anno 6* Georgii II41 Regis, 1733. Praters.

And then the House, having continued to fit till after Twelveof the Clockat Night, adjourned till Nine of the Clockthis Thursday Morning.

A BILL to naturalize Jean Lagier Lamotte, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vincent, Mr. Whitworth, Sir James Campbell, Mr. C<efar, General Sutton, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Douglas, Lord Vere BeauclerkJAr. Treby, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Gould, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Corbet, Mr. Mordaunt, Mr. Crqffe, Mr. Bacon, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Hticks. Lord Gage, Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Papillotir Mr. Daniel Campbell, Sir Richard Lane: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at ^ive of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the moil proper Methods for the better Security and Improvement of the Duties and Revenues already charged upon, and made payable from. Tobacco and Wines, being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Jovisj 50 die Alprilis;

Anno 6* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1733. Prayers.

MR. Vincent presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for veiling, in Trustees, certain Messuages, Houses, and Buildings, in Mark-lane, in the City of London, the Estate of George Harvejt, au Infant, to be sold, subject; to the Payment of Twenty Pounds and Four Pounds Ten Shillings per Annum charged thereupon; and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to such Uses, as the Premi fes, to be sold, now stand limited: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That/0/m Page, Esquire, have Leave to go to the Bath for Recovery of his Health.

A Motion being made, and the Question proposed, That such a Number of Copies, of the Bill for re-

16 pealing

6 Geo. II.

5-6'

112.

Tobacco

Import

Boods.

pealing several Dutiejs, and an Import now payable on Tobacco of the British Plantations; and for granting an Inland Duty in lieu thereof, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, \Mr. }

Teller, for the Noes, . } r.8.

So it passed in the;Negative.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Custoras do lay before this House, the Amount of all Bondsentered into for Tobacco, imported into the Port of London, remaining undischarged at Lady-day last; together with an Account of the Debentures made, or passing, for the Discharge of the said Bonds.

Beating The House being moved, that the Ninth Section of Mom. an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for the preventing irregular Proceed i ngs of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in the eiefting and returning such Members, might be read;

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in the eiefting and returning such Members, so far as the same relates to the holding of County-Courts: And that Sir George Oxenden, Sir Roger Meredith, and Sir Edward Dering, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Ur. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

UtGi^V The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Elute, enable the LadyViscountess Gage, and hei Trustees, and Thomas Whorwood, Esquire, to purchase Lands of Inheritance with the Money arising by Sale of their Estate in the County of Bucks: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manors of Kidderminster Borough, and Kid-derminster Forren, Part of the entailed Estate of William LordAbergavemiy; and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the same Uses: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Thomas Preftwood, Esquire, in the County of Devon, for discharging an Incumbrance affecting the fame* ‘hnd other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

id

Lord Aber-penny’s Hate.

Prefiwwd's

Hate.

Duties on Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer have

Tobacco. L^ve to mate a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the Question being put, That the Order of the House of Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself, upon Tomorrow Morning, into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the most proper Methods for the better Security and Improvement^ the Duties and Revenues already charged upon, and made payable from, Tobacco and Wines, be discharged;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Vol. 22.

105

Colonel Cope, 1

Mr. Corbet: j I2*-

Mr. Lifter, Mr. Harvey: I *3-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then a Motion was made, and the Question being put, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the raoft proper Methods for the better Security and Improvement of the Duties and Revenues already charged upon, and made payable from, Tobacco and Wines:

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

T.ll, nr.U.eY^£S«],.B.

Td'er. for he Noe.,).' } ,6.

So it was resolved.in the Affirmative.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Horflyd<rwn Report from the Committee of the whole House, to New t Burch whom the Bill for providing a Maintenance for the

Mimfterof the new Church of Horjlydawn, in the Bo- c

rough of Southwark, in the County of Surry; and for making the District, assigned to the fame, a distinct Parish, was committed; be further adjourned till Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to band lax. his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1733, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day T.aws for Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the Punishment whole House, to consider the Laws in being with respect of Cnmials* to the Punishment of Criminals, and how the same may be made more effectual.

Ordered, Thai all Committees be revived. r Commiuees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 6° die Aprilis;

Anno 6° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1733.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that some of the j)uly on Commissioners of the Excise attended at the Vidtuailer*. Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, prefen ted to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Money has been received and paid by virtue of the Act, made in the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty \s Reign, whereby a Duty was laid upon all Vifinallers, and Retailers of Beer and Ale, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the weekly Bills of Mortality, since the Commencement of the said Act, distinguishing each Year; and likewise an Account of the Number of Victuallers at the Commencement of the said Act; and what Number wasupon the Lift at Midsummer last: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Strong Beer and Ale, Beer and brewed by common Brewers, within the Cities oi London Ale brewed, and Westminster, and within the Bills of Mortality, from Midsummer 1727^0 Midsummer 1732; distinguishing each Year; together with the Duties paid thereon.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ee The

io5 — 90

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Committee Ordered, That Mr Avion, Mr. Aiflabie, Mr. Allington,

of Privileges, gjr Rowland AIflon, Mr. Annesley, Sir John Anstruther, Mr. Phil. Anjlrulher, Mr. Arejkine, Sir John Aflleij, Mr. Arfcolt. Sir Walter Baggott, Mr, Bootle, Mr. Bailie, Captain Baker, Mr. John Banks, Mr. Joseph Banks, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Bathurst, Lord Vere Beauclerk, Colonel Berkeley, Sir Cecil Bishop, Mr. Bladen, Mr. Bold, Mr. Bowes, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Brodie, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Burton, Lord Gage, Mr Cary, Mr. Byng, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Geo. Cafivall, Mr. Coffin, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Compton, Mr. Cornewall, Sir Francis Child, Sir Nathanel Curzon, Sir John Cope, Colonel John Dalrymple, Sir John Cotton, Colonel Wm.Dahymple, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Doddington. Sir James Dalrymple, Mr. Archibald Douglas, Sir Jermyn Davers, Mr. Drew, Mr. Robert Douglas, Mr. Dunbar, Mr. Wm. Douglas, Sir Abra. Elton, Mr. JJrum-viond, Mr. Vane, Mr. East, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Fitz Roy,

Mr. Walker, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Towers, Mr. Furnefe, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Plummer, Captain Eyles, Mr. Hales, Mr. Finch, CaptainEr/fr/n, Mr Fox, Colonel Fane, Sir James Grant, Mr. Forbes, Mr. Merrill, Mr. Gould, Mr. Guydott, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Herbert, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Harley, Mr. Hucks, Sir Wilfred Lawjbn, Mr. Inwin, Mr. Knight, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Lydddl, Sir Wm. Keyt, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Lijle, Sir Thomas Lyttelton, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Master, Mr. Lumley, Mr. Medlycot, Lord Malpas, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Martin, Mr. Murray, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Netvland, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Newton, Sir James Nafmyth, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Noel, Sir Adolph. Oughton, Mr. Neal, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Orlebar, Sir Herbert Packing ton, Mr. Owen, Mr. ParJons, Mr. Packer, Mr. Pey/0, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Pawlet, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Potenger, Mr. Reynel, Mr. Price, Mr. Rulle, Colonel Read, Sir Jer. Vanacker Sambroke, Sir Tho. Robinson, Sir Geo. Saunders, Mr. Rowney, Sir James Scot, Sir John St. Aubin, Mr. Shafto, Sir Thomas Saun-derson, Colonel St.Clair, Major Selzvyn, Sir Edward Stan-ley. Sir John Shaw, Mr. Steuart, Mr. Stanhope, General Sutton, Sir Wm. Stapleton, Mr. Taylor, Honourable Sutherland, Mr. Tilfon, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Trelawny, Mr. Turner, Mr. Treby, Mr. Vaughan, Mv.Tufnell, Mr. ner. Lord Tyrconnell, Mr. Waller, Mr. Vincent, Mr. White, Mr. Walcott, Mr. Willis, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Mr. Wortley, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Hugh Williams, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. York, be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

Lady Gage’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Eftaie. £o enable the Lady Viscountess Gage, and her Trustees, and Thomas Whorwood, Esquire, to purchase Lands of Inheritance with the Money arising by Sale of their Estate in the County of Bucks, was read the First time^* Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Horflydown The House, according to Order, resumed the further

Mlnifter^rCh Confederation of the Report from the Committee of the

Maintenance, whole House, to whom the Bill for providinga Maintenance for the Minister of the new Church of Horfly-down, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey; and for making the Distri6i,assigned to the fame, a diflin6t Parish, was committed:

And the rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, were severally read a Second tirpe; and, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Tiverton Mr. Treby presented to the House, according to Order* Chapel. a gjj for making a Chapel in the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, a perpetual Cure; and for pro-

Jprilis. 1733.

vidinga Maintenance for the Ministers, who shall officiate therein: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from Supply Bill; the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Land lax* for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1733, wascommitted; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him ,to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition < Vork of the Proprietors of the Stock of the Governor and Company for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, assembled in their General Court held at their House in Winchester-street, the Twelfth Day of January 1732, is referred, do fit, and proceed upon the Matter to them referred, upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Dukeof ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Atboir* House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for vesting the Honour and Estate of John Duke of Atholl in James Murray Esquire, commonly called Lord James Murray, after the Death of the said Duke.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven- Old Street night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^1hurchj, upon the Bill for providing a Maintenance for the Rec- M^enance^ for of the new Church near Old-firect, in the Parish of St. Giles's, Cripplegate; and for making that Part of the said Parish, which is called the Lordship Part, a distinct Parish; and for impowering the Commissioners for Building of the Fifty new Churches to apply a Sum of Money to wall in the said Church and Church-yard, and toereft a House, for the Habitation for the Rector of the said Church, out of the Money appropriated for the Endowment of the said Fifty new Churches.

And then the House adjourned till Mojiday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce> 90 die Aprilis;

Anno 6* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1733.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Prefhvood'* for Sale of Part of the Estate of Thomas Pre/hvood, Estate.

Esquire, in the County of Draw, for discharginganln-cumbrance affecting the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir John Shelley reported from the Committee, to whom Arundell

the Bill for erecting Piers in, and for repairing, and keep- Pori, ing in Repair, the Harbour of Little Jiampton, ca\\ed Arundell Port, in the County of Siffex, was committed.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,

6 Geo. II. 9° Aprilis. 107

ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act j^r?a* for Sale of the Manors of Kidderminster Borough and way’s Kidderminster Forren, Part of the entailed Estate of William Lord Abergavenny; and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the same Uses; was read the First time.

1 Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the

House, That' his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Bill, had commanded him to ac-I. quaint this House, That, as to his Majesty’s interest in

j the said Estate, his Majesty gives his Consent, that this

House may do therein, as they shall think fit.

I Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Nathanael Gurzon presented to the House, accord-wlCouitfc ln£t0 Order, a Bill for the better regulating the Proceedings of Ecclesiastical Courts within that Part of Great Britain called England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

DyieUc. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for resting divers Lands and Tythes in Hothorpe, in the County of Northampton;the Estate late of Griffith Davies, deceased, and of Arthur Daggott, in Trustees, to such Uses as the Manor of Hothorpe aforesaid stands settled; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And I also.

k MU The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Wue inclosing and dividing the Common Fields and Common r‘ Grounds, in the Tythings of Buckland Neiolon, Mi-nijkrne Parra, and Knowle, in the Parish of Buckland Norton, alias Buckland Abb as, in the County of Dorset: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

Ws The Lords have pasted a Bill, intituled, An Act for kTTt. deri»S more useful, and preventing the Inconveni-m encies likely to arise from a Covenant in the Marriage Settlement made by George Pitt, Esquire; and for making good and effectual the Agreements, Limitations, and Provisions, made by the Parlies for that Purpose, contained in an Indenture of Settlement lately made: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr.Crosse, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the more effectual repairing the Roads leading from Wadesmill, in the County of Hertford, to Barley and Royfion in the said County, is committed*

An ingrossed ..... for dividing and inclosing the Ham- Aston Magna let of Aston Magna, in the Parish of Blockley, in the Inclosure. County of Worcester, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 4. L. 37. After <c by" insert " Leases or

Press 5. L. 1# After " several" insert " Leaseholders " and

L. 2. After " respective" insert " Lease-<c hold, or:"

L. 7. After " said" insert 11 Leaseholders

" and:"

L. 17. Before <c Copyholders" insert "Lease-c< holders and

Press 11. L. 8. After " and" insert "Persons:"

Press 13. L. 8. Leave out " this" and insert " the " said

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Hamlet of Aston Magnet^ in the Parish of Blockley, in the County of Worcester,

Ordered, That Sir John Rufhout do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself Supply, into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself Ways and into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Means, further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Duke of

Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain Atholl’s

and amend an Act , passed in the First Year of the Reign Title,

of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for vesting the Honour and Estate of John Duke of Atholl in James Murray, Esquire, commonly called Lord James Murray, after the Death of the said Duke.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Yonge took the Chair of th£ Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Win, Yonge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the ClerkYTable,

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

BoMwn An ingrossed Bill for providing a Maintenance for the J Wchqrch Minister of the new Church of Horflydown, in the s :*r’s Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry; and ^e‘ for making the District, assigned to the fame, a distinct Parish, was read the Third time.

Resolved^hzl the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the new Church of Horflydown, in the Borough of yj Southwark, in the County of Surry; and for making i* the District, assigned to the fame, a distinct Parish; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Vincent do carry the to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Wmill Ordered, That S\r James Campbell, Mr. Cunningham, ‘"Mey, sjr Artiiur Forbes, Mr. Alexander Hamilton, Mr. Munro, c‘oas’ Mr. Daniel Campbell, Mr. Ever field, Mr. Brodie, Sir Roger Bradfiaigh, Sir Wilfred Laujbn, Mr. Wilmington Vo l. 22.

Ordered, That Mr. William Bromley have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Four of the Clock. pitt,g

And he moved the House accordingly. Marriage

And an ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Settlement. Act for rendering more useful, and preventing the incon-veniencies likely to arise from, a Covenant in the Marriage Settlement made by George Pitt, Esquire; and for making good and effectual the Agreements, Limitations, and Provisions, made by the Parties for that Purpose, contained in an Indenture of Settlement lately made, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Buckland

Newton

Inclosure.

108

io° Aprilis.

Mortis, 1 o# die Aprilis;

Anno 6* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1733. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields and Common Grounds in the Tythings of Buckland Nezvton, Mincitrne Parva, and Knoiole, in the Parish of Buck-land Newton, alias Buckland Abbas, in the County of Dorset, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs, to the Order of the House of the Fifth Instant, with the Amount of all Bonds entered into for Tobacco imported into the Port of London, remaining undischarged at Lady-day last.

And then he withdrew1.

And the said Return was read.

Ordered, That the said Return and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Return and Account are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Davies*, &c. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate,/ forvefting divers Lands and Tythes in Hothorpe, in the County of Northampton, the Estate late of Griffith Davies, deceased, and of Arthur DaggeL in Trustees, to such Uses as the Manor of Hothorpe aforesaid stands settled; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Firrt time. fiefolyed. That the Bill be reast a Second time.

Attornies Ordered, That Mr. Cross, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Pelham, Regulation" ^r# Lazvfon, Mr. Thomas Tower, Mr. Longueville, Mr.

Hiicks, and Mr. Hamilton, be added to the Committee, to whom the . Bill to enable certain persons to be admitted Attornies, is committed.

Tiverton A Bill for making a Chapel in the Town of Tiverton, Chapel. jn t|ie County of Devon, a perpetual Cure; and for providing a Maintenance for the Ministers who shall officiate therein; was read a, Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Treby, Mr. Wyndham, Lord Malpas, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Longueville, Captain Purvis, Mr. Campbell, Lord Micklethwaite, Mr. Conduit, Sir John Barnard, Lord Vere Beauclerk, Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Nelthovpe, Mr. Cholmondeley, Colonel Onslow, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Atpundel, Lord Gage, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Yorke, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Bacon, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir James Grant, Sir John Bruce, Mr. Lijler, Mr. Wortley, Mr. Harley, Sir Thomas Robinson, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Winford, Mr. Williams. Mr. Alderman Perty, Mr. Dundafs, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Ccefar, Sir Thomas Lee,!Sir Geo. Saville, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Packer, Mr. Laiv/on, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Shut-iteworth, Mr. Earl, Sir Roger Meredith-, and all the Members that fer ve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock; in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lady Gage’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mate, to enable the Lady Viscountess Gage, and her Trustees, and Thomas WhorivoodJLf<\\i\re, to purchase Lands of Inheritance with the Money arising by Sale of their Estate in the County of Bucks, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr.’Burton, Mr. Walker, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Williams, S\r James Campbell, Sir Charles Bunbury, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Cafar, Lord Malpas, Mr. Daniel Campbell, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Lloyd, Colonel Onfozv, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Conduit, Sir James Grant, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Parfops, Sir John Bruce, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Wortley, Mr. Harley, Sir Thomas Robinson, Lord Noel Somerset, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir John AJiley, Sir Wm. Keyt, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Win-ford, Mr. Alderman Perry; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Bucks and Gloucester; And they are jo meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.,

Tobacco The House being informed, that the Comptroller import General of the Accounts of the Customs attended at BoiuK the Door;

Mr. Sandys from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the charitable Corporation for Relief of industrious Poor, by affilling them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in a General Court, is referred, acquainted the House, That the Committee had agreed upon a Report, to be made to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon this Day Sevennight.

The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, a Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Commou-counCil assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; setting forth. That the Petitioners, on Occasion of the Bill depending in this House, for repealing several Subsidies, and an Impost now payable on Tobacco of the Brit ish Plantations; and for granting an inland Duty, in lieu thereof; presume, in all Humility, to express to this House, as they have already done, in fomemeasure, by their Representation to their Members, the universal Sense of the City of London concerning any further Exjention of the Laws of Excise: That the Burden ofraxes already imposed on every Branch of Trade, however cheerfully borne, is severely felt; but the Petitioners apprehend, that this Burden will grow tooheavy to be borne, if it beincreased by such vexatious and oppressive Methods of levying and collecting the Duties, as they are assured by melancholy Experience that the Nature of all Excises muff; necessarily produce: That the Merchants, Tradesmen, and Manufacturers, of this Kingdom, have supported themselves, under the Pressure of the Excise Laws now in force, by the comfortable and reasonable Expectation, that Laws, which nothing but public Necef-iity could be a Motive to enact, would be repealed in favour of the Trade of the Nation, and of the Liberty *of the Subject, whenever that Motive should be removed; as, the Petitioners presume, it effectually is, by undisturbed Tranquillity at home, and a general Peace so firmly established abroad: That if this Expectation be entirely taken away; if the Excise Laws, instead of being repealed, are extended to other Species of Merchandize not yet excised, and a Door opened for extending them to all; the Petitioners cannot, in Justice to themselves, to the Merchants, Tradelinen, and Manufacturers of the whole Kingdom, and to the general ln^ terefl of their Country, conceal their Apprehension, that the most fatal Blow which ever was given, will be given, on this Occasion, to the Trade and Navigation of Great Britain; That that great Spring, from which the Wealth and Prosperity of the Public flows, will be obstructed; and the mercantile Part of the Nation will become not only able to trade to Advantage, but unwilling to trade at all; since no Person, who can enjoy all the Privileges of a British Subject out of Trade, even with a small Fortune, will voluntarily renounce some of the most valuable of those Privileges, by ftibjefting himself to the Laws of Excise: That the Petitioners are able to shew, that these their Apprehensions are founded both 20 in

Charitable

Corporation.

Excise Dudes on Tobacco.

6 Geo. -IF.

in Ekperiencstand in Reason: And therefore praying, That the House will he pleased to hear them, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until (he said Bill be read a Second time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, if they think fit;

The Journal of the House, 26° Martii, i* Williclmi ct. Maria, in relation to the Petition of the common Brewers within the Towns and Comities of Cambridge, 0.tfbni% and Hartford, and the Cities and Universities thereof, in behalf* of themselves, and others, complaining of several Abuses in the Gaugers employed by the Commissioners of Excise; and the Proceedings of the House thereupon; was read:

And the Journal of the House, i° Aprilis, i° Willi-clmi ct Maria, in relation to the Petition of the common Brewers of the City, and County of the City, of Coventry, complaining of divers Abuses in the said Gaugers; and the Refutation of the House thereupon $ was also read:

And the Journal of the House, 3* Aprilis, 1 0 Williclmi ct Maria, in relation to the Petition of the Planters, and others concerned in their Majesties Sugar Plantations, complaining of the new Imposition on Sugars; and the Resolution of the House thereupon; was also read: And the Journal of the House, 139 Aprilis, i° Williclmi ct Maria, in relation to the Petition of the common Brewers of the City of Aorzcich, and die County of the fame;

And to the Petition of the Brewers of the Town of Great Yarmouth;

And to the Petition of the Brewers of the Town of Colchvjler; severally comp'aining of the said Gaugers; and the several Orders of the House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, 16* ApriUs, i° Williclmi cl Maria, in relation to the Petition of divers Planters of Virginia and Maryland, in behalf of themselves, and all the Planters there, complaining of the Barden laid upon Tobacco by the new impo(l;and the Resolution of the House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, 23* Aprilis, i* Williclmi ct Maria, in relation to the Petition of the Brewers of the Town and Borough of King's Limn, in the County of Norfolk, complaining of the Exactions of the Officers of Excise; and the Order of the House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, 26* Aprilis, i* Williclmi ct Maria, in relation to the Petition from several of the common Brewers within the Cities, Towns, and Cinque Ports of the County of Kent, complaining of the Gaugers;

And to the Petition of the Merchants and Traders to Virginia from the Port of Rrijlol, complaining of the Impoli on Tobacco; and the several Orders of the House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, i° Mail, i# Willielmi ct Maria, in relation to the Petition of divers Coffee Sellers in London, on the behalf of themselves, and others, complaining of the high Duties on Coffee, Chocolate, Sherbet, and Tea; and the Order of the House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, 5* Augufii, i° Williclmi et Maria, in relation to the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Revenue was committed; and the Proceedings of the House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, 27° Oftobr. 2# Williclmi et Maria, in relation to the Petition of Daniel Dexvtheais, and others, the Vinegar-makers in and near the Cities of London and Westminster, then presented to the House, praying to be heard, and relieved, against the Excise required to be paid by them; and the Order of the House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the House 240 Novembris, to Willielmi ct Maria, in relation to the Petition of the Merchants trading to, and Planters concerned at, thpir Majesties Sugar Plantations, then presented to th§ Vol. 22.

House, and read, concerning the jfyll for the encouraging the distilling Brandy from Corn; and the Order of the House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, 12°. Decembris, i6 Williclmi et Maria, in relation to the several Petition^ then presented to the House, concerning the Bill for granting certain new Impositions to their Majesties; and the Proceedings of the House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, 166 Decembris, 2* Williclmi el Maria, in relation to the several Petitions then presented to the House, concerning the Bill foe laying several Duties on low Wines, or Spirits of thp First Extraction; and the Proceedings of the House thereupon; was also read:

But, to explain the Design of the said Petitions, and to prove that they related only to that Part of the said Bill which encourages the distilling of Brandy and Spirits from Corn, the House was moved, That the 3dana4th $e6tions of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King William.and Queen J/ff/y,.intituled, *'Att Act for the encouraging the Distilling of Brandy, and Spirits from Corn; and for laying several Duties on, low Wines, or Spirits of the first extractionmight be read: The same were read accordingly.

Then the Journal of the House, 220 Februarii, 6® Willielmi et Maria, in relation to the Petition of Tho. Warburtnn Esquire, then presented to the House, concerning the Bill for granting tothqi;* Majesties certain Rates and Duties, Xc.; and the Order of the House thereupon; was read:

And the Journal of the House, 7* Martii, 6° Willielmi ct Maria, in relation to the Petition of the Owners and Adventurers in the Herring Kland, North Sja, and other Filbery, of the Town of Great Ydi'mouth, in the County of Norfolk, then presented to the House, com* coming the said Bill; and the Order of the House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, 30* Martii, 6* Williclmi et Maria, in relation to the Petition of several Merchants trading to South Barbaiy, within the ifreights, then presented to the House, concerning the Bill for the Duties upon the Tonage of Ships; and;t^ Order of the House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, 18° Januarii* 7? Willielmi, in relation to the Petition of divers. Merchants, and others, in and about the City of London, trading in Tobacco;

And to the Petition of the Merchants, Ironmongers, and other Traders and Inhabitants of the City of MrjJlol; then Severally presented to the House, concerning*the Bill for continuing several Duties, 6fc\; and the, fevered Orders of the House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, 30 Aprilis, 8° Willielmi 3<u, in relation to the Petition of the Mailer an$ Keepers, or Wardens and Corpmonalty, of the Mystery or Art of Brewers of the City of London, then presented to the House, concerning the Bill for laying federal Duties upon few Wines, or Spirits of the First Ex'-traction; and for preventing the Frauds and Afrufes of Brewers, Distillers, and other Persons chargeable with the Duties of Excise; and the Order of the House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, a° Decembris, 8° Willielmi’, in relation to the several Petitions of Glassr makers, then severally presented to the House, concerning the Duties laid upon G.lass Wares; and the several Orders <*f the House thereupon; was alfp read:

And the Journal of the House, 3* Decembris, 8° Willielmi, in relation to several other Petit ions of G laser piakers, then severally presented to the House, concerns ing the said Duties; and the several Orders of the House thereupon; was also read.:

And the Journal of the House, 50 Decembris,. 8* Williclmi, in relation to the Petitioner divers poor To-bacco-pjpe-makers within the Cities of London and Westminster, on the behalf of themselves, and of all others of the same Trade within this Kingdom, then F f presented

1 o* Aprilis.1

fexcifq Duties 611 Tobacco*

£x<*ife l£utie$ oft Tobacco.

r ro 10 Aprilis. 1733*

pVfcffcnted to ihi Hoirfe, cbtibiriilhg ftfe Ef (flies updil Tbbicco fcipieSj

And to the Petition bf Willidfn Clifton, of Houghton, and Abigail Filmy, Af Ailkftdne, ih Y'orkjkire, GJafs-bikers, in behalf of themselves, and Servants; then also jWefented to the House, cohc^rning the Duties upon Ghtfs Wares; hifd Hie fevbr&I OWers Sf the House upon the said Petitions; Was also read:

And the Journal of the House, io% ia°, 160, and 31* Decembrls, and 2° Jamdrii, Stf Willielmi 3 d1, in relation to several other Petitions of Glass-makers, then severally presented to the Hotife, concerning the Duties upon Glafe War£s; arid t he several Ordets of the House thereupon; toas also read:

And the Journal of the Hdbfe, 170 Fcbtuarii, 90 Willielmi 3tU, in relation to the Report from the Committee, to whom the several Petitions of the Glass-tndkers were referred; and the Order of the House thereupon; was read:

AnH the Jciurrial of the House, 23* Martii, 90 Wit-ticlnii 3m, in relation to the Petition of the Mhyor, JUdermdn, arid BurgeflVs, And other substantial Inhabitants, Clothiers, Within the Corporation bf Taunton, in the Courity of Somerfit,

And to the Petition of the Merchants, Weavers, Fullers, Sheerrhen, Grocers, Dyers, And others, concerned in, And depending Upon, the W'bbllen Manufacture of Serges, ih Arid about the City of Exon; then severally presented to the Hotife, corifefeming the Dutiei laid upon the Woblleh Mariufacture; and the several Orders of the House thereupon; was also read:

AndtJhe Jourhal of the House, of the same Day, in delation to the Petition of the Company of Shoemakers Within the City of Nhiv Sariim, then presented to the Mbiife, concerning the Duties upon Leather; and the Order Af the House thereupon; was Also read:

And the J6u trial of the House, 250 Martii, 9* Willielmi 3UI, in relation to the several Petitions then pre-concerning Duties; and the fevferal Orders of the House theteupbn: Was aWb read:

And the Journal of thfe House, 26° Martii, 90 Willielmi, in relation to the Petition of the Makers of long ‘Arid short Bodking, And Coxall Bays;

And to the Pbiitioft of the Merchants and Vintners in the City of Bristol-, then severally presented to the House concferhing the Bill; arid >for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Writes, and the several Orders of the House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the Hotife, 30 Aprilis, 90 Willielmi 3m, in relation to the Petition bf several Inhabitants of the ancient Bbroiighof Sudbury, in the County of Stiffblk, arid Places adjacterit, oh behalf of themselves, and several others using the Tirade of Clothiers, or Otherwise employed in the Woollen Manufacture, then presented to the Horise, Concerning the Duty laid upon the said Manufacture; and the Order of the Hotife thereupon; Was also read:

And the Journal of the House, 180 Februdrii, 90 Wil-iielmi 3d1, in relation to the Report from the Committee, to whbm the several Petitions of the Brewers were referred and the Proceedings of the House thereupon; Ivas also read:

And the Journal of the House, 240 Martii, 90 Willielmi, in relation to the Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Fellowship, of the Glovers Company, of the City of London, and elsewhere, then presented to the House, concerning the Bill for laying a Duty upon Leather, fife.; and the Order of the House thereupon j was also read:

And the Journal of the House, if Decentirtis,§* Willielmi 3tI1, in relation to the several Petitions then presented to the House, complaining of the Tax laid upon Leather; and the several Orders of the House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, i*8° Jimuarii, ^'Willielmi, in relation to the several Petitions then presented to the House, complaining of high Duties laid upon Glass Wares; and the several Orders of the House thereupon; was also Fead:

Arid Ihb Jbufrial of the House, 3* Mail, to* Wit-UeUhi 3d1, in relation tb the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, arid Company of FeNmongets, Lefifther-dressers, and Gib vers, in the City of Chefiei, was referred* was also read:

And the Journal of the House, 4* Mali, 10° Willielmi 3, in relation to the resumed Confederation of the said Report; and the Proceedings of the Horise thereripori; Vvai also read:

And feverAl other Petitions presented to the House in the same Sessiori of Parliament, upon the same fob-jest, Were referred to.

Then the Jbrirnal of the House, 21 Mail, 10? Wil-lielbii 3d1, in relation to the Report from the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the several Petitions, complaining of the Duties upon Glass and Earthen Wares, and Tobacco-pipes, was referred; and the Order of the House thereupon; was read:

And the Journal of the House, 210 Junii, io* Willielmi 3d1, in relation to the Petition of several Merchants, and considerable Traders, of this Kingdom, then presented to the House, concerning the Bill for establishing further Rules, Orders, and Directions, for the regulating, and better managing, his Majesty’s Customs; and the Order of the House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, 230 Martii, 11* Willielmi 3'", in relation to the Petition of the DistillerS in and about London, for and on the behalf of themselves, and many others, distilling from the Melasses, and other foreign Materials* then presented to the House, praying an Abatement of the Duty upon low Wines fre» foreign Materials; and the Order of the House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, 5* Junii, 13* Willielmi 3d1, in relation to the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, arid Assistants, of the Society of Merchant Adventurers, within thfe City of Bristol, then presented to thfe Howfe, concerning the Bill for preventing Frauds and Abides in the Duties upon Salt; and for collecting the feme with less Charge to the Publick; and the Order of the House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, 27* Februarii, # Willielmi 3*u, in relation to the several Petitions, then presented to the House, concerning the Bill for regulating thfe Frauds and Abuses in the Salt Duties; and thfe several Orders of the House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the Horise, 1 t'Decembris, m relation to the Petition of the Maltsters inhabiting in the City of Oxford, then presented to the House, con-eeming the Bill for Continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for One Year; and the Order of <he House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, \ 6° Decembris, 30 Anna, in relation to the Petition of the Makfters inhabiting in and near the Borough of Nexc Woodstock, in t he County of Oxon, then presented to the House, concerning the said Bill; and the Order of the House thereupon; was also read:

And several other Petitions ou the feme subject, presented to the House on the Eighth Day ot'January following; and the several Orders of the House thereupon; were referred to.

Then the Journal of the House, 21* Januarii, 40 Amur, in relation to the Petition of the several Maltsters, and Peffons trading in Malt, in Christ-church, Twynehatn, and Lymington, in the County of Southampton, and Places adjacent; and also of the MaltHers and Persons trading in Malt, in the Town and County of Poole, in the County of jbor/et, on behalf of themselves, and others trading in Malt, Coastwise, from Port to Port; theri presented to the House, concerning the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Yeara yoS; and the Order of the House thereupon; was read:

And the Journal of the House, rj° Februarii, rf Annde^ in* relation to the Petition of fu nd ry.Mercihan ts, Brafiers, jirid osiers, concerned in snaking and manufactufing

ritish

rrr

6 Geo. II.

rof Apr.

Britisfi Copper, in behalfof themfcive®; and many r othere;. then presented to the House% again# the Continuance of the Duty on the Exportation thereof; and the Order of the House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the Hbnfe, \&Februarii, j* Anna, in relation to the Petition of Thomas NUbeU, on behalf of himself, and the rest of the Brass Wire-makers of England, then presented to the House; for the Exportation of Brass Wire Duty-free; and the Order of the House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, 8# Martii, 8' Ann* in relation to the Proceedings of the House, upon the Resolution of the Committee of Ways and Means for taking off the Duty upon the Exportation of Copper of the Produce and Growth of Great Britain; and all Brass Wire made here; was also read:

Ami the Journal of the House, 20* Februaries* Anna, in relation to the several Petitions of the Merchants of London trading in Tobacco, and of the Linen-drapers of the City of London, and of the several Merchants, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Traders to Hamborough, then feverelly presented to the House, concerning a Clause in the Bill for granting to her Majesty new Duties of Excise, and upon several imported Commodities, Xc.; and the Proceedings of the House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, vffebruarii, %*Am%a, in relation to the Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants trading to the Levant Seas, then presented to the House, concerning a Clause in the said Bill; and the Order of the Flonfe thereupon; was also read: And the Journal of the House, io* Januarii, cfAmia, in relation to the Petition of several Maltsters of the Town of Andover, in the County of Southampton, then presented to the House, concerning the BUI for charging and continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 17111 and the Order of the House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, |8# Maii> 10 Anna, in relation to the Petition of several Hackney Coachmen, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Seven buudred then )i« enfed within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, then presented to the House, concerning the Bill for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches and Chairs; and for laying several new Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and certain Duties on Cards and Dice, Xc.; and the Order of the Houfo thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, at* Maii, 10* Anna, in relation to the Petition of the Merchants trading in Genoa Paper, the Stationers, the wholefmle Haberdashers of Small Ware, and the Catti-makers, then presented to the House, concerning the said Bill; and the Order of the House thereupon; was also reader

And the Journal of the House, CJfartii, iq% Anna, in relation to the Petition of Abraham Elton, Benjamin Coole, and Edward Lloyd, Merchants in Brijol; and John Hitchcock, and John Shorey, and Janies Knight, Merchants in London, in behalf of themselves, and all the several Manufacturers in Copper Ore, Lapis Cala-minarisy wrought Brass, Battery, Xc. within the Kingdom of Great Britain, then presented to the House, for Relief to be given to the said Manufacturers; and the Order of the House thereupon $ was also read:

And the Journal of the House, of 1 tfMartti, 1 VAnna, in relation to the Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Court of Assistauts of the Company of Armourers and Brafiers of London, then presented to the House j and the Order of the House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, 8* Aprilis, 11* Anna, in relation to the Petition of the Brafiers, and other Artificers working in wrought Brass, inhabiting in and about the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, then presented to the House; and the Order of the House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, i* Maii, 1 a* Ann*, y Vux,

in relation to the Petition of the Merchants m London Excise trading in Tobacco, on behalf of themselves, and the; Planters of Virginia and Maryland;

And to the Petition of the Merchants and Trader*o#k the City of Bristol to Virginia and Maryland; then federally presented to the House; praying. Relief from the Discouragements lying upon their Trade; and the several Orders of the House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, 12m Maii, \ 2* Anna, in relation to the several Petitions then presented to the House, and referred to the Consideration of the Covsr mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to fuf-pendforTwo Months the Duties of Twenty-five Pounds per Tun on French Wines imported was committed, was, also read:

And the Journal of the House, 19* Junii, 1 of Anna, in relation to the Proceedings of the House upon the Report of the Resolutions of the Committee of Ways and Means concerning Tobacco; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, 29* Junii, 12° Anna, in relation to the Petition of Henry Mortbck, John Churchill, Timothy Childe, Robert Knaplock, William Innys, Henry Clemens, and others, in behalf of them-(elves, and all Importers of Books, then presented to the* House, praying an Alteration of the Duty upon Books,

Prints, and Maps, imported from foreign Parts; and the Order of the House thereupon; was also read:

And (he Journal of the House, 14* Maii, i° Georgii I"1, in relation to the Petition of the several Maltster* within the Cities of Oxford, Winton, Sarum, and the Towns of Abingdon, Wallingford, Henley, Reading, Newberry, Basingstoke, Andover, King's Cleer, Warmin-Jler, and Whitchurch, and of many other Places adjacent, within the several Counties of Uxont Berks, and Southampton, then presented to the House, praying that the* Gauge of Malt might be confined to die Gauge of the Cittern only; and the Order of the House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, 13* Jamtarii, 8f Gcor* gii I*1, in relation to the Petition of the Merchants importing of Drugs, and Druggifis, of the City of London, then presented to the House, praying an Abatement of the high Duties upon Drugs, and Liberty of Importation thereof from all Ports of Europe, according to the Regulations of the Act of Navigation; and the Order of the House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the House of the same Day, in relation to the Petition of the Merchants, and Traders in Brass and Copper* of the City of Jjondou, and Parts adjacent, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of others concerned; then presented to the House, praying to be heard, by their Counsel, or otherwise, against the laying of any further Duty on Copper and Brafe imported, and for Relief from the high Duties charged thereon; and the Order of the House upon the said Petition; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, lo° Januarii, 8* Gcor~ gii I*1, in relation to the Petition of several Merchants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, trading to the Dominions of the Emperor of Morocco, in behalf of themselves, and others, then presented to the House, against the laying of any further Duty on Barbary Copper;

And to the Petition of several Clock-makers, Watch* makers, Button-makers, and others, Workers in Metal prepared, Black and Bright Brads Latteo, whose Names were thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of Persons concerned therein, then also presented to the House, against the laying of auy further Duty on Brafe called Metal prepared, and Lat-ten imported, and for Relief as to the Duties laid thereon; and the several Orders of the House there4 upon; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, of (he feme Day, in relation to several other Petitions of Brafiers, then also presented to the House; and the several Orders of the House thereupon; was also read:

And

BI2

10

Aprilis.

A. ij33>

Excite And" thh Journal, of the Houfty 26° Jasiuarii, S0 «utics on Georgii l1, in relation to die Petition of the JBrafiers, o acco- anfj inhabitants, of the Town of Hertford, iu behalf of themselves, and many others concerned, then presented to the House, against any further Duty on Copper and Brass, and for an Abatement of the high Duties laid thereon; and the Order of the House upon the said Petition; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, 26*Januarii\ 30 Anna, in relation to the several Petitions, then presented to the House, concerning the Bill for continuing Duties upon low Wines; and upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures; and upon Hawkefs, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen; and upon Muslins' and for granting new Duties upon several of the said Commodities; and also upon Calicoes; China Ware*,; and Drugs; and the several Orders of the House thereupon 5 was also read: f And the Journal, of the House, 190 Februaries* Anna, in relation to the several Petitions, then presented to t/ie House, concerning the Bill for granting, to her Majesty a further Subsidy on Wines and Merchandizes, imported; and a new Duty on such East. India Goods prohibited to be worn in England\ as shall be exported for Ireland, or her Majesty's Plantations; add the several Orders of the House thereupon; was also fead:

And the Journal of the House, 14* Febnuirii, 30 Anna, in relation to the several Petitions then presented to the House, concerning the said Bill; and the several Orders of the House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, 1 z° Jiinuariij x* Anna, in relation to the Petition of the Clothiers and Bay-makers in the Towns of Braintree and Booking, and Parts adjacent, in the County of EJex, then presented to the House, against the Laying of anj' Imposition upon the Portuguese Wines; and the Order..of the House thereupon*; was also read:

; And the Journal of the House; 140 Januaries0 Anna} in relation to the Resolution of the House again!! the Commitment of thfe Bill for laying a further Duty upon Wines to be retailed, 8(c. was* also read 2

And the Journal of the House, 40 Aprilis, \o* Anna, m relation to the several Petitions, then presented to the House, concerning Woollen Yarn imported from Ireland; and the several Orders of the House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, 140 Apriliti'iA* Anna; in gelation to the feverah Petitions then presented to the House, concerning the Importation of Itish Woollen Yarn; and the several Orders of> the Housethereupon; was also read. .2

And several other Precedents were cited; in support of the Question proposed.

In Contradiction to which;

The Journal of the House, 230 Martii 1677, in relation to the Proceedings of the House upon the resumed Debate, touching the Commitment of the Bill for laying a Charge upon new Buildings, was read:

And the Journal of the House, 130 Mail, i° Willielmi et Maria, in relation to the Petition of the Company of Brewer* of London, against the Bill for the additional Excise, was also read:

And the Journal of the Ilowfe,-15° Julii, i° Willielmi et Maria, in relation to the Petition of the Brewers of the City of London, and Distri&$ thereof, was also read:

And the Journal of the House, 210 Maii,' 10° Willielmi 3th, in relation to the Petition of several Hawkers and Pedlars in and about the city of London, in behalf of themselves, and many others trading or travelling in most Counties of England, then presented to the House, concerning the Bill for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars; and the Resolution of the House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, 50 Januarii, a9 Anna, in relation to the Petition of the Maltiters of the ancient Borough of Nottingham, then offered to the House; and the Resolution of the House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, 50 Aprilis, 11° Anna, in relation to the Petition of the Serge-makers, Inhabi-

*7

tants;'of the Town of Netoioft Abbott, and Parish of Woolborough, in the County of Devon, and principal Inhabitants, then offered to the House, concerning the Duties resolved to be laid upon Soap; and the Proceedings of the House thereupon, was also read:

And the Journal of the House, 210 Aprilis, ii* Anna, in relation to the Petition of the Soap-makers of London, then offered to the House; and the Resolution of the House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, 10° Mail, 11° Anna in relation to the Petition of the United Company of Merchant* of England trading to the Eq/l Indies, then offered to the House, concerning the Duties to be laid upon Transfers of Stocks; and the Resolution of the House thereupon; w#s also read:

And the Journal of the House, 14® Mali, 1 itt Anna, in relation to the Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Art or Mystery of the Curriers of the City of London, in; behalf of themselves, and other* of the; said Trade, then offered to the House; and the Resolution of the House; Was also read:

And the Journal of the House, iq° Maii, 12° Anna, in relation to the Petition of <the Tanners, Tawers, and Fellnaongers, SCc. within the Borough of New Million, in the County of Jfor^yand Towns adjacent to the said Borough, then offered, to the House, against the Duty upon Leather; and the Resolution of the House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the House,. 17° Martii, 109 GeorgiiVrf, in relation to the Petition of divers Drug* gifts. Grocers, and other Dealers in Coffee, Tea, Cocoa-nuts* Chocolate* and Cocoa-paste, whose Names were thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and-other Dealers in the said Commodities in and about the Cities of London and Westminster^ and Suburbs thereof, then offered to the House; and the Resolution of the House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, 2.8° Februarii, 1 a* Gaargii I®*, in relation to the several Petitions concerning the Malt Duties, then presented to the House; and ordered to lie upon the Table; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, 210 Martii, 12* Georgii Iral, in relation to the Resolution of the House, against referring the said Petition to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Malt Bill was committed; was also read:

* And. the Journal of the House, 19® Aprilis, iz* Georgii I®1, in relation to the Petition of several Victuallers inhabiting within the Cities of London and Westminster,.and the Bills of Mortality, whose Names were thereunto subscribed, then offered to be presented to the House; and the Resolution of the House there* upon; was also read

... And the Journal of the House, 26* Febnuirii, if Georgii I®1, in gelation to the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in the City of London, in Common Council assembled, then presented to the House, against the Duties upon Coals and Culm imported into the Port of London; and the Resolution of the House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, of the 22d of February, in thelait Session of Parliament, in relation to the Petition of the Merchants, principal Traders and Inhabitants, of the City of Bristol, then offered to be presented to the House, against the Revival, of the Duties on Salt; and the Resolution of the House thereupon; was also read:

And the Journal of the House, of the 8th of March, in the present Session of Parliament, in relation to the Petition of Richard Patridge, Agent for the Colony of Rhode Island and ProvidencePlantations, \u America, then offered to be presented to the House, against the Bill for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; and the Proceedings of the House thereupon; was also read.

Then an Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Qftefiion, byTeaving oqt&hefe Words; " And that

« the

6 Geo. II. 10° — i

" the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, " against the said Bill, if they think fit."

And the Question being put, That those Words do Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

},97.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

The Orders of the Day being read $ hmlof Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven-

Saitiout of ni£ht, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent the Removing of Suits out of Courts of Record of any City, or Town Corporate, within that Part of Great Britain called England, where the Matters in Demand do not exceed a Sum to be limited in the Bill.

M'og Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 10 IDg House, upon the Bill to prevent the infamous Practice of Stock-jobbing.

Call of the Ordered, That the Call of the House be further House. adjourned till this Day Fortnight, the Twenty-fourth of this instant April.

CMdiine Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, Mamagts. at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Heads of a Bill for rendering the Laws in being more effectual for preventing clandestine Marriages.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

i° Aprilis. 113

A Bill for vesting irt Trustees certain Messuages, Harvest^ Houses, and Buildings, in Mark-lane, in the City of Estate. London, the Estate of George Harvest, an Infant, to be sold, subject to the Payment of Twenty Pounds and Four Pounds Ten Shillings per Annum, charged thereupon; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to suchUfesas the Premises to be sold now Hand limited; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vincent,

Mr. Wyndham, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Bevan,

Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Lord Gage, Mr.

Gold, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Burton, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Lyfler, Mr. Martyn, Captain Vernon, Mr. Tower,

Mr. Hucks, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Harris,

Mr. Corbett, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Butler, Mr. Herbert,

Mr. Campbell, Mr. Brook (bank, Mr. Parsons, Mr.

Thompson, Mr. Scawen, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Hope,

Colonel Ready Mr. Master, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Edward Deering, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. More, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Annesley, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Yorke,

Mr. Cafar, Si xGeo.Mkenfie, Mr Gregory, Mr. Gy bbon.

Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Winning fan, Sir Wm. Low I her,

Mr. Hamilton;Mr. Winford, Mr. Lawson, Lord Tyr-connel, Mr Chetwynd, Sir John Rufhout, Mr Fox, Mr.

Stanhope, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Walker,

Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Bootle; and all the Members that serve for the County of Surry, and City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term granted by an c* oa A ft, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways through the several Parishes of Saint Michael, St. Alban, St, Peter, Shendley, Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for making the said Act more effectual.

Mercuriiy n° die Aprilis;

Anno 6* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1733.

Prayers.

Bridewell QIR John Eyles reported from the Committee, to Dwhnd vj whom the Bill for filling up such Part of the Chanel Fleet Ditch, of Bridewell Dock and Fleet Ditch, as lies between Holborn Bridge and Fleet Bridge, and for converting the Ground, when filled up, to the Use of the City of London, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Import

Bondi,

The House being informed, that Mr. Paul\ from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, the Amount of all j;. Bonds entered into for Tobacco imported into the Port of London, from Christmas 1720 to Christmas 1732; with an Account of the Losses on the said Bonds.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Vot.22.

A

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, to Lord A. whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Hamilton’*, Act to confirm Articles of Agreement entered into c*Estate* between Archibald Hamilton, Esquire, commonly called Lord Archibald Hamilton, and others; and George Earl of Macclesfield, and others; Trustees of a Charity, for vesting in George Earl of Orkney, and his Heirs, certain I^ands in the County of Berks, to the several Uses, and upon the Trusts, therein mentioned; was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Winnington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the Majority of the Trustees for the Enfield, Cheshunt T urnpike, in the County of Hertford, assembled Eoads-

at a General Meeting at the Bull Inn at Hoddcfdun, in the said County, the Twenty-sixth Day of March 1733, in behalf of themselves, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and of others, in the said Trust; and also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, and others, the princi- Ditto, pal Inhabitants, Farmers, and Stage Coachmen, living in or near the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford, on behalf of themselves, and others;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; praying to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the Bill, depending in this House, for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Gg First,

i x4

ti

Brandon's Debt to the Crown.

Excise Duties on Tobacco.

First, for repairing the Roads, therein mentioned, from the Parish of Endfield, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford, and to the Great Bridge in Ware, in the County of Hertford; and for amending the Road from the said Great Bridge to the South End of the Great Bridge at Wadesmill, and from the great Road at Ckejhunt to the West End of Small Lea Bridge, in the said , County of Hertford.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard before the said Committee, by themselves, or Counsel, according to the Prayer of the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all the Members that serve for the County of Kent, and the Cinque Ports, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for veiling the unsettled Estates of William Brandon, deceased, to be sold, for Payment of a Debt due from him to the Crown; and for applying the Residue of the Money, arising by such. Sale, for the Benefit of his Family; is committed.

A* Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the Town, and County of the Town, of Nottingham, in Council assembled, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Merchants and Tradesmen dealing in Tobacco, in the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Bill, depending in this House, for repealing several Subsidies, and an Impost, now payable on Tobacco, of the British Plantations; and for granting au Inland Duty in lieu thereof j will be highly prejudicial to the Petitioners, and encroach on their Liberties and Properties; and expressing their Apprehension, that the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will subject them to great Oppressions and Inconveniencies, by the Officers frequent entering their Houses, and taking Account of their Stocks; which they may discover to any others, by being obliged to seek for, and fend, Permits with their Goods; and the Hardships thereof, with respect to Time, by not being allowed the valuable Liberty of redrelfing their Grievances by a Jury; and by the great Trouble, Charge, and Lois of Time, in weighing their Tobacco, at any time required by the Officer, and the Prejudice to their Goods, in uncalking and breaking them: And therefore beseeching the House to consider and favour their Petition; and prevent the passing a Law which will be any-ways definitive of the Trade, or dangerous to the Liberties, of the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ditto. " A Petition of the principal Inhabitants, and Traders

ia° Aprilts. i?33*

Ordered, That the Bill for repealing several Subsidies, and an Impost, now payable on Tobaoco, of the British Plantations; and for granting an Inland Duty in lieu thereof; be read a Second time, upon the Twelfth Day of June next.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Ordered, That the Lord Malpas have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

OrderedfYYwX the Matter of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freemen of the City of Chefer, resident within the said City, and the Suburbs and Precincts thereof, on behalf of themselves, and many other Freemen and Inhabitants of the said City, which is appointed to be heard at the Bar of this House Tomorrow, be heard at the Bar of this House upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the Nineteenth Day of this instant April.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Committees

Chester

Election.

Jovis, 12° die;

Anno 6° Georgii IIdI Regis, 1733.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for erecting Piers in, and for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Little-hampt on, called Arundel Port, in the County of Sussex, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for erecting Piers in, and for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Little-hampton, called Arundel Port, in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Sir John Shelley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Denbigh, in the County of Denbigh, in the room of Robert Myddelton, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That John Weaver, Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Treby reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

of the ancient and loyal City of Coventiy, in behalf of Sale of Part of the paternal Estate of Waltham Savery,

Excise Duties on Tobacco.

themselves, and the rest of their Fellow Citizens, presented to the House, and read; expressing the Apprehension of the Petitioners, That the Bill, depending in this House, for repealing several Subsidies, and an Impost, now payable on Tobacco, of the British Plantations; and for granting ap Inland Duty in lieu thereof; will be prejudicial to the Trade of the Nation 111 general, and of the said City in particular, and also injurious to the Liberties of their.Fellow Subjects: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and give the Petitioners ‘ such Relief therein, as to the House shall feera meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill fot repealing several Subsidies, and an Impost, now payable on Tobacco, of the Britif i Plantations; and for granting an Inland Duty in lieu thereof; being read;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go, with the Mace, into Westmirijler-hall, &nd the Courts there, and into the Court of Requests, &nd Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House,

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned;

24

Arundel

Ppjrt.

Denbigh

Writ.

Leave of Absence.

Savory's

Estate.

Esquire, comprised in his Marriage Settlement, to discharge the Incumbrances on other the more valuable Parts of his Estate, in the same Settlement comprised, for the Benefit of his Issueby Mary his late Wife, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had direted him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 4. L. 8. After " attained," insert <' and the " said Term stands assigned to the said John Belfeild, as " a Security for the said One thoustmd Five hundred " Pounds :"

Press 6. L. 4. After w them," insert " shall be " deemed a good Payment."

The said Amendments, being severally read a 9econd time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered,

h

Regulating

Election*.

Lunotte's

Nat.

Duke of Atboli'i Title.

Privilege — Tumultuous Crowds in Avenues to the House.

6 Geo. II. J2° — 13'

Ordered, That Mr. Trebff Ad carry the Bill to the Lord*, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of therr Lordships.

Sir George Oxenden prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further regulating Election* of Member* to serve in Parliament; and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in the electing and returning such Member*, so far as the same relates to the Holding of County Court*: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Richard Lane reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to naturalise Jean Lagier Lamotte wag committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee liad gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House,. without aoy Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerks Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for vesting the Honour and Estate of John Duke of Atholl in James Murray Efcjuire, commonly called Lord James Murray, after the Death of the said Duke, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for vesting the Honour and Estate of John Duke of Atholl in James Murray Esquire, commonly called Lord James Murray, after the Death of the said Duke.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Yonge do carry the Bill to the Lord*, and desire their Concurrence.

Complaint being made to the House, by several Members of this House, That a tumultuous Crowd < f People were assembled together lall Night, and several Days during this Stfiion, in tin* Court of Requests, and other Avenues to this House; and that themselves, and several other Members of this House, were, last Night, in their Return from this House, menaced, insulted, and artaulted, by a tumultuous Crowd of People, in the Passages to ties House;

The Journal of the House, of the 21st Day of Jimu» aiy, in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, in relation to the Proceedings of the House on Occasion of a tumultuous Crow d of People coming then into the Palace Yard, and Westminster-hall, and Passage towards the House, and into the Lobby of the House, was read:

And the Journal of the House, of the *7th Day of February, in the 12th Year of the Reign of his said Majesty King William the Third, in relation! to the Proceedings of the House upon an Information, That a Crowd of People were then got together, in a tumultuous and riotous manner, in the Palace Yard, Westminster' House, and Paffaggs* to the House, was also read.

Resolved and declared, Nemine centradicenle, That the assaulting, insulting, or menacing, any Member of this House, in his coming to, orgoingfrom ihe House, or upon the account of his Behaviour in Parliament, is an high Infringement of the Privilege of this Hodfe, a most outrageous and dangerous Violat ion of the Rights of Parliament, and an high Crime and Misdemeanour.

Rejoiced and declared, Nemine ctmlradicente, That the Assembiing aAid Coining of any Number of Person*; in a riotous, tumultuous^ and difoodertyv maimer, so Vol. %c2.

1 Aprilis. 115

this House, in order either to hinder or promote thfc Parting of any Bill, or other Matter, depending before the House, is an high Infringement of the Privilege of this House, i* deftriiftive of the Freedom and Constitu- tion of Parliament, and an high Grime and meanour.

Rejbhed and declared, Nemine cvntradkente, That the inciting and encouraging any Number of Perform to come, in a riotous, tumultuous, and disorderly, manner, to this House, in order either to hinder or promote the Parting of any Bill, or other Matter, depending before this House, is an high Infringement of the Privilege of this House, is destructive of the Freedom and Constitution of Parliament, and an high Crinte and Mif-demeanour.

Ordered, That the Members of this House, who serve for the City of London, do signify the said Refokitiontf and Declarations to the Lord Mayor of London.

Ordered, That the Members of this House, who fetfve for the County of Middlesex, do signify the said Refbh Jutions and Delarations to the Sheriff of Middlesex.

Ordered, That the Members of this House, who serve for the City of Westminster, do signify the sand Resolutions and Declarations to the High Bailiff of Westminster.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Laws for resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Pumftiment consider the Laws in being with respect to the Punish- °*Cr,mi6a* ment of Criminals; and how the same may be made more effectual.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 130 die Aprilis;

Anno 6* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1733-Praters.

SI R Jermyn Davers presented to the House, accordr ipfwieh ing to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Roads. Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Tentli Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the better repairing and amending the Roads leading from Ipswich to Cle.y.don, and the Road called the Pye Road, in the County of Suffolk; and for amending tin* Roads leading from Yaxley Bully through Eye, to Lanthorn Green, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for filling up such Part of the Chan- B,

nel of Bridewell Dock and Fleet Ditch, as lies between Dockland Holborn Bridge and Fleet Bridge; and for converting Fleet Ditch, the Ground, when filled up, to the Use of the City of London; was read the Third tinhe.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for filling up such Part of the Channel of Bridewell Dock and Fleet Ditch, as lies between Hot-born Bridge and Fleet Bridge; and for converting the Ground, when filled up, to the Use of the City of London.

Ordered, That Sir John Eylcs do carry the Bilf to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Aber-for Sale of the Manors of Kiddttmmjler Borough, and* gavi-nnyV Kidderminster Fotren, Part of the entailed Estate’ off Eftattf*. William Lord Abergavenny, and for laying out th

Money, arising by such Sale, in Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the same Uses; was read ®

Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pelham Mr. Winford, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Nicol, Mr. Ram/ den, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Scawert, Lord Micklethwa\tey Si/ JuhnRufhout, Mr. Burton, Mr. Lumley, Sir Archer Croft

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Waller Bacon, S\vJohn Heathcote, Lord VercBeauclerk, Mr. Glut ter buck, Mr. Smelt, Lord' Mbr-pelh. Lord Jaimes Cavendish, Mr. Arundttl, Sir Wilfrid

Lawson, s

IT 6

13* Apr

4-1733-

Lawson, Captain Vernon, Mr. Longueville, Sir Eyles, Mr. Wortley, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Parsons, Sir JWin Barnard, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir James Campbell^ Mr. Turner, Mr. Lawson, Sir Jermyn Davers, air yo/jn Williams, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Alderman Perry, Lord Limerick, Mr. Earle, Mr. Lyjier, Mr. Walker, Mr. C%i7d, Sir ifoorr Meredith, Sir Edzoard Deering, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Vernon, Captain, Evans, Mr. Leheupe; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Worcester, and Stafford:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolutions Sir John Eyles reported. That he, together with the of the House 0tj)er Members of this House, who serve for the City ordered. London, had, pursuant to the Order of the House, signified the Resolutions and Declarations of the House, of Yesterday, to the Lord Mayor of London.

Sir Francis Child reported, That he had, pursuant to the Order of the House, signified the Resolutions and Declarations of the House, of Yesterday, to the Sheriff of the County of Middlesex.

The Lord Charles Cavendish reported, That he, and Mr. Clayton had, pursuant to the Order of this House, signified the Resolutions and Declarations of the House, of Yesterday, to the High Bailiff of Westminster.

Pitt’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act SctdenwU *or rendering more useful, and preventing the Inconveniencies likely to arise from, a Covenant in the Marriage Settlement made by George Pitt Esquire; and for making good, and effectual, the Agreements, Limitations, and Provisions, made by the Parties for that Purpose, contained in an Indenture of Settlement lately made; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wm. Bromley, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Wm. Stanhope, Mr. Sandys, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Selwyn, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Crosse, Mr Longueville, Sir Thomas Lee, Lord Vere Beauclerk, Mr. Vincent, Captain Purvis, Lord Limerick, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Ramsden, Lord Micklethwaite, Mr. Leheupe, Mr. Monroe, Mr. Treby, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Orlebar, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Croxole, Mr. Harley, Mr. Bramjton, Mr. Lijler, Colonel Read, Mr. Bond, Mr. Speke, Mr. Wardour, Sir John Cope, Mr. Hamilton, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr Bacon, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Captain Evans, Mr. Lawson, Lord James Cavendish, Lord Charles Cavendish, Mr. Arundell, Mr. Clutterbuck, Sir John Heathcote, Sir Thomas Robinson, Sir Edzoard Deering, Mr. Child, Mr .'Walker, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Earle, Sir Charles Nicoll, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Cafar, Sir John Williams, Sir Jermyn Davers, Mr. Turner, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Bexoes, Mr. Newlahd, Mr. Kemp, Mr. Tremaine, Mr. Winford, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Howe, Mr. Rowney, Sir Geo. Mackenzie \ and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Dorset, Somerset, and Southampton: And they are to meet this After noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Allen;

Mr. Speaker,

Lord Wid- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act drjneton’s to enable William Widdrington, late Lord Widdringlon, Disabilities to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding byAttainder. his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him, or which he was entitled unto, in Reversion or Remainder, before his Attainder; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Enfield, Ice. Mr. Richard Plumer reported from the Committee, to Hoads. whom the Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed

in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads, therein mentioned, from the Parish of Enfield, in the County; of Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford, and to the Great Bridge in Ware, in the County of Hertford-, and for amending the Road from the said Great Bridge, to the South End of the Great Bridge at WadefmilT, and from the Great Road at Chefiunt to the West End of Small Lea Bridge, in the said County of Hertford; was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Majority of the Trustees for the Cheshunt Turnpike, in the County of Hertford, assembled, at a general Meeting, at the Bull Inn, at Hoddefdon, in the said County, the Twenty-sixth Day of March 1733, behalf of themselves, whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, and of others in the said Trust; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, and others the principal Inhabitants, Farmers, and Stage Coachmen, living in or near the Parish of Chefiunt, in the County of Hertford, on behalf of themfe!ves, and others; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had heard One of the Petitioners on the last mentioned Petition, no one appearing upon the First Petition; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed unto,* by the House:

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Preftwoc for Sale of Part of the Estate of Thomas Prejhcood ^state* Esquire, in the County of Devon, for discharging an Incumbrance affecting the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Treby,

Mr. Leheupe, Mr. Earle, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Clutterbuck,

Lord Walden, Mr. Furnefe, Captain Vernon, Mr. Orlebar, Sir Thomas Lxnvther, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Wyndham,

Mr. Crowle, Mr. Tufnell, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Knight, Captain Evans, Mr. Crosse, Lord James Cavendish,

Lord Charles Cavendish, Mr. Arundel, Sir John Heathcote, Sir Tho. Robinson, Sir Edward Deering, §\t Roger Meredith, Mr. Child, Mr. Walker, Mr. Scawen, Mr.

Lyjier, Sir Charles Nicoll, Lord Limerick, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Cafar, Sir John Williams, Sir Jermyn Davers, Mr. Tirnier, Mr. Shuttleworth, §\r James Campbell, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Bacon, Sir Wm. Stanhope, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Boives, Mr. Newland,

Mr. Kemp, Mr. Tremain, Mr. Winford, Lord Morpeth,

Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Parsons, Mr.

Howe, Mr. Rowney, Sir Geo. Mackenfie; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to naturalize Jean Lagier Lamolte, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to naturalize Jean Lagier Lamotte:

Ordered, That Mr. John Hamilton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lam

N

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Com

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon th£ Fourteenth Du1 Day of June next, resolve itself into a Committee of To the whole House, to consider further of the most proper

0

6 Geo. IT.

130 — 16®

i*7

laws for NnilEment K'Criainalj,

CfSDiniltec

vifmilrges.

Bruy’s

D^wthe

C(«D.

1 femmiltee to fit.

Uthjovr

Welts.

.Men

ta'dan,

atitf*

«b

per Methods for the better Security and Improvement of the Duties and Revenues already charged upon, and made payable upon, Tobacco and Wines.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsiderthe Laws in being with respect to the Punishment of Criminals; and how the same may be made more effectual.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

Ordered, That Mr. Croxvle, Mr. Thompson of Scarborough, the Lord Vere Beauclerk, and Captain Baker, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for vesting the unsettled Estates of William Brandon, deceased, to be sold, for Payment of a Debt due from him to the Crown; and for applying the Residue of the Money, arising by such Sale, for the Benefit of his Family, is committed*

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 16 die Aprilis;

Anno 6° Georgii IF* Regis, 1733* Prayers.

MR. Murray presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and fold within the Town of Linlithgow, and Liberties thereof, in the County of West Lothian, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and other Purposes therein mentioned: and the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

Sir William Yonge reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields and Common Grounds lying in the Manor and Parish of Chipping Warden, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committeehad gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they haddirected him to report to the House; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con fen ts to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendment was read; and is as follows; viz.

Press 7. L. 31. After " aforesaid 99 insert Clause A; which is as follows; viz.

" A. And it is hereby further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or their " Successors, or any Five or more of them, shall and " may assign and allot, unto William Chauncy, of Edgecot, in the County of Northampton, Esquire, in lieu of, " and as a Compensation for, his Half Yard Land, and " Right of Common, in the said Common Fields of " Chipping Warden aforesaid, such of the Two Parcels, " Plots, or Quantities, of Land and Ground herein after ‘‘ mentioned and described, as he the said William " Chauncy shall elect or make Choice of; That is to say,

" either all that Piece or Parcel of Ground called the " Holts, situate, lying, and being, on the same Side of ‘ the River Chaiwell with the Town of Edgecot, and " nowin the Tenure or Occupation of Henry Stephens, " Richard Lamprey, George Gibbs, and John Stockley, Vox.. 22.

" at the yearly Rent of Fourteen Pounds, or else 45 " Acres of Land, in one entire Plot, upon such Part of c< the Common Ground called the Hill, in Chipping €C Warden, as he the said William Chauncy shall require " and think fit; so as such Option, or Election, befig-" nified in Writing under the Hand of the said William u Chauncy, unto the said Commissioners, or their Successors, or any Five or more of them, at their First " Meeting for the Execution of the Trusts and Authorities vested in them by this Act; provided always, " That if the said William Chauncy shall elect, or make c< Choice of, 45 Acres upon the Hill, no more than One <4 of the Springs, or Ponds, in the said Common Fields, " or Common Grounds, shall be comprised orincluded " in such Allotment."

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the HoUfe.

Mr. Packer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Roads leading from a Place called St. Johns Bridge, in the County of Berks, to a Place called Fyfield, in the said County, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with some Amendments to one of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

St. John’s Bridge to Fyfield Roads.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A&, Davie/* for vesting divers Lands and Tythes in Holhorpe, in Estate. the County of Northampton, the Estate late of Griffith Davies, deceased, and of Arthur Daggett, in Trustees, to such Uses as the Manor of Hethorpe aforesaid stands settled; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mafier,

Mr. Lyster, Mr. Packer, Mr. Turner, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Whitzvorlh, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Walker, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Harley, Sir Charles Hotham, Mr. Cholmondeley,

Mr.Noel, Sir William Yonge, Mr. Treby, Mr. Earle, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Rawlinson Earley Mr. Martyh, Mr.

Gould, Mr. Bacon, Sir John HindCotton, Sir RogerBrad-Jhaigh, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Palmer, Lord Noel Some?'-fel, Mr. Neale, Mr. Cctfar, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr.

Bevan, Mr. Leheupe, Mr. York, Mr. Sandys, Mr, Sheppard, Mr. Winford. Colonel Read, Sir John Norris, Mr.

Conduit, Sir John Williams, Mr. Ongly , and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Northampton,

Gloucester, and Leicester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for vesting in Trustees the unsettled Estates of William Brandon, deceased, to be sold for Payment of a Debt due from him to the Crown; and for applying the Residue of the Money, arising by such Sale for the Benefit of his Family; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consentstothe Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read through-H h out;

Brandon’s. Debt to the Crown.

fj8 i$° — 170

put i and then a Seqpnd tiipe, qnp by one; and, upon the ftupftion fevqrajly put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lord?, by Mr. Lighthoun and Mr. Thomas Barnett:

Mr. Speaker,

Tynte’i The Lords have passed a Bill intituled, An Act for

Estate. impoweringSir John Tyn(e, Baronet, and Charles Tynte,

Efijuire, and their Sous respectively, to ipake Leases of 7the Estates comprised in the late Sir Halfivell Tynte & Settlement for Live?, or Ye,ars determinable on Deaths, according to the Custom of the Country: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And Ulfo,

Warden’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to

Name. enable Thomas Warden, Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body; and the several other Persons therein named, and the Heirs of their respective Bodies, to take and use the Surname of Sergifon, as therein mentioned: To which the Lord? desire the Concurrence of thi? House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty

Land Tax. by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1733, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 26. L. 30. After the Words " present Act," to insert "or HiaVl be guilty of any Fraud or Abusein f‘ executing the fame

L. 35. After the Words " their Duties," to insert " or being guilty of fyph Fraud or Abuse

Press 29. At the End of L. 21, to add these Words, " in his Majesty’s Court of King's Bench, or in any " Court whatsoever;"

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question federally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Tabje accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: Apd that t,he Title be. An Act for granting an Aid ,to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1733.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and^efire their Copcurrence.

Regulating

Elections. A Bill to explain and amend on Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further regulating Elections of Member? to serve in Parliament; and for the better preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in the pleftjog and returning such Members, so far as the fatpe relates to the Holding of County Courts, was read a Second time.

Refqlved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill bp committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Clandestine the House, according to Order, resolved itself into

amagw committee of the whole House, to consider of Heads of a BilLfor rendering the Laws in being more effectual for preventing clandestine Marriages.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Nathanael Civrzon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Nathanael Curzon reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that the Committee bad directed him to move the House, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday, Morning next, refoLve itself into a Committee of the l7

Aprilis. A. 1733.

whqle House to consider further of Heads of a Bill for rendering the Laws in being more effectual for pre-r venting clandestine Marriages.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this H°nfe will, upon this Day Seven- Supply, night, resolve itself iqtp a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Way* night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and M«au*. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the Hopfe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 170 die Aprilis;

Anno 6* Georgii Ildl Regis, 1733.

Pra vers.

N ingrossed Bill for making more effectual an Act, Enjf»eld.&c^ passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late odu*' Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, from the Parish of Endfield, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford, and to the Great Bridge in Ware, in the County of Hertford; and for amending the Road, from the said Great Bridge, to the South End of the Great Bridge at Wadefmillya nd from the Great Road at Chejhanl, to the W7eft End of Small Lea Bridge, in the said County of Hertford; was read the Third time.

Resolved, that the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads, thereip mentioned, from the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford; and to the Groat Bridge in Ware, in the County of Hertford; and for amending the Road from the said Great Bridge to the South End of the Great Bridge at JVadefmili; and from the Great Road at Cheshunt to the West End of Small hea Bridge, in the said County of Hertford.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Pturner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Power? granted by IpfWh an Aclj passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her Relate Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Roads leading from Ip/zvich to Cleydon, and the Rond called the P^Road, in the County of Suffolk; and for amending the Roads leading from Yaxley Bully through Eye, to Lanihom Green, in the said County; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jermyn Havers, Colonel Cor nzcallis, Mr. Devereux, Mr. Leheupe,

Mr. Walpole, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Annejly, Mr. Fuller, Captain Vernon, Mr. Corbet, Mr. H licks, Sir Egbert Kemp,

Mr. Kemp, Lord Malpas, Colonel Townshend, Mr-Quiniin, Mr. Ramsden, Mr. Lumley, Sir Edmund Bacon,

Sir Charles Turner, Sir John Williams, Mr. IVinninglpn,

Mr. Jennifon, Colonel Cholmondeley, Sir Robert Rich,

.Colonel Pawley, Mr. Moreton, Colonel frla-dawt* Mr.

Revan, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Lord Mw(detjnaaite,

Mr; Buncombe, Mr. Yorke, Sir James Grant, Captain Evans, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Lawfgn, Mr. Brookjbauk, Sir Edward Bering, Mr. Williams, Mr. ILyrifon, Sir James Campbell; Mr. Edwards, Mr. Sheppard, Mr*

Plummer, Mr. Allinglon, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Majier, Mr.

Turner, Mr. Cornwall, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Hamilton,

Mr. Crojtfe, Mr. Vincent; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Sqffolk, Norfolk, and Essex .*

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An

6 Geo. II. 170 — $8

Wen’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, ^An Act Same* to enMeThomas Warden, Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body, and the federal other Persons therein named, and the Heirs of their respective Bodies, to take and ufie the Surname of Sergifon, as therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

Tynte’s An ingrofiTed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Efote. for impowering Sir John Tynte Baronet, and Charles Tynte, Esquire, and their Sons respectively, to make Leafesof the Estates comprised in the late Sir Halfivell Tynte's Settlement for Lives, or Years determinable on Deaths, according to the Custom of the Country; was read the First time.

Refilled, That the Bill be read a Second time,

Ballard Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Children. the more effectual indemnifying and securing Parishes, and other Places, from such Charges as may arise from Ballard Children born within the same: And that Mr. Crofc, Mr. More, Mr. Robert Hacks, Mr. Earle, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Win. Bromley, Mr. Gzvyn Vaughan, and Mr. Bramfion, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Hfmili Mr. Cafar reported from the Committee, to whom ,l)Bjriey» the Bill fortlie more effectual repairing the Roads lead-so.Roads. ing from Wadesmill, in the County of Hertford, to Barley and Royston, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow at Twelve of the Clock.

tola Mr. Sandys, according to Order, reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the charitable Corporation for Relief of industrio us Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in the General Court, was referred, That the Committee had agreed upon a Report of their Proceedings; which they had directed him to make; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; together with an Appendix thereunto.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, 1'hat such a Number of Copies of the said Report and Appendix be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a I Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for pro-

I lhi% aiding a Maintenance for the Rector of the new Church,

I near Old--streel in the Parish of St. Giles, Cripplegate;

I and for making that Part of the said Parish, which is

I called the Lordship Part, a distinct Parish; and for im*

I powering the Commissioners for building of the Fifty

I new Churches to apply a Sum of Money to wall in the

I said Church and Church-yard; and to erect a House

I for the Habitation of the Rector of the said Church, out

I of the Money appropriated for the Endowment of the

I said Fifty new Churches.

I Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

I Sir Francis Child took the Chair of the Committee.

I Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

I Sir Francis Child reported from the Committee, That

I they had heard Counsel and Evidence against; a Clause

I in the said Bill, upon the Petition of the Churchwardens,

I Constables, and Overseers of the Poor, and other prin-

I cipal Inhabitants, whose Names are thereunto sub-

I feribed, of that Part of the Parish of St. Giles, Cripple-

I Vo l. 22.

°Aprilis, 119

gate, as lies in the Liberty of the City of London, called the Freedom Part, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants thereof, and had also heard Counsel and Evidence in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition; and that the Committee had made a Progrefe in the Bill; and had directed him to move the House,

That they may have Leave to fit agaip.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That' this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Preventing ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, jibin' upon the Bill to prevent the infamous Praftijce of Stock- ° ing* jobbing.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 18° die Aprilis;

Anno 6° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1733.

Prayers.

SIR Nathanael Curzon reported from the Committee, Attorniesand to whom the Bill to enable certain Persons to be Solicitors admitted Attornies, was committed, That the Com- ReSulatlon* rnittee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feye-rally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest, with an Amendment to One of them, and an Amendment of another of them, were agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Wyndham reported from the Committee, to whom Lady Gage’i the ipgrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Estate. enable the Lady Viscountess Gage, and her Trustees, and Thomas Whorwood, Esquire, to purchaseLands ofinherit-ance, with the Money arising by Sale of their Estate, in the County of Backs, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the fame, to the Satis&ftion of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clefk’sTable.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Wyndham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House being informed, that Mr. Frecker, from Fortifying the Treasury, attended at the Door; Dock-yards.

He was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Accounts, shewing how the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, have been disposed of, which were purchased for the better fortifying and securing the Harbours and Docks at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound with the other Papers of this Session.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Wadesmill into further Consideration the Report from the Committee.

120

18® dprilis.

4’17 3 3.*

hiittee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual repairing the Roads leading from Wadesmill, in the County of Hertford, to Barley and Royston, in the said County, was committed:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, were severally read a Second time; and One of them was upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed to, and the rest were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for obliging the Collectors, Receivers, Surveyors, and other Persons concerned in receiving, managing, or disposing of, the Tolls and Duties granted and continued by the Acts in the Bill mentioned, or either of them, to account for all Tolls, Duties, and Sums of Money, remaining unaccounted for by them; and for obliging them to pay over the Balance:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; ^hich were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for impowering the Trustees therein named to pay all such Debts as shall remain due on account of the Acts mentioned in the Bill, or either of them:

And the said Clause wasgtwice read, with a Blank; which was filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And several other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Proceeding* of Ecleiiafti-cal Court*.

Brandon’s D*bt to the Crown.

A Bill for the better regulating the Proceedings of Ecclesiastical Courts within that Part of Great Britain called England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Ber-toick upon Tweed, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for vesting in Trustees the unsettled Estates of William Brandon, deceased, to be sold, for Payment of a Debt due from him to the Crown; and for applying the Residue of the Money arising by such Sale for the Benefit of his Family; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for vesting in Trustees the unsettled Estates of William Brandon, deceased, to be sold, for Payment of a Debt due from him to the Crown; and for applying the Residue of the Money arising by such Sale for the Benefit of his Family.

Ordered, That Mr. Winnington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Thames Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

Laftage and whom the Bill for the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage. ~ - j t- -

Ballastage in the River Thames, is committed, be received upon Tomorrow Sevennight.

Ditto. A Petition of several Merchants, and Owners of Ships,

trading to and from the Port of London, on behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by the said Bill, whereby the Charters of the Corporation of Trinity-house will be confirmed, all Owners of Ships trading to and from the Port of London will be loaded with new and heavy Taxes on their Shipping, very injurious to the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, and which ^n have no other Tendency than to enrich the said

Corporation: That by virtue of the said Bill, and the Powers now claimed by the said Corporation, Duties may be levied on all Coals, Bricks, Iron, Lend, 1 in, and other heavy Commodities, shipped abroad, as for Ballast; to the great Discouragement of the Exportation of those Commodities: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill; and for such other Relief as the-House shall think fit-

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, shall be received: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* upon the Bill to prevent the infamous Practice of Stock-jobbing, he now read.

And the same being read accordingly:

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Rufhout took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chain Sir John Rufhout reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freemen of the City of Chester, resident within the said City and the Suburbs and Precincts thereof, on behalf of themselves, and many other Freemen and Inhabitants of the said City, which is appointed to be heard at the Bar of this House Tomorrow, be heard at the Bar of this House upon this Day Two Months.

The Houser according to Order, resolved itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further regulating Elect ions of Members to servein Parliament; and for the better preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, iii the electing and returning such Members, so far as the same relates to the Holding of County Courts.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Geo. Oxenden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George Oxenden reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had direfcted him to report when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, To morrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Heads of a Bill for rendering the Laws in being more effectual for preventing clandestine Marriages.

\nd then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vcventintf

Stock-

jobbing.

Chester

Eletfioa.

Regulating

EUttioflv

Clandestine

Marriage

6 Geo. II

121

190 Jprilis.

Jovis., 190 die

Anno 6° Georgii IIJi Regis, 1733.

Prayers.

Chipping . A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Warden jfor inclosing and dividing the Cornmpn Fields Inclosure. anc| Common Grounds lying in the Manor and Parjfh o (Chipping Warden, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint tjiem, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment: To which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

1 St.John’s An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Roads leading 1%*° from a Place called St. John's Bridge, in the county of ; Berks, to a Place called Fyfield, in the said County,

was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from a Place called St. Johns Bridge, in the County of Berks, to a Place called. Fy field, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Packer do carry the BH1 to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bocfcbod An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ntiton for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields and Common Grounds in the Ty things of Bucklatid Newton, MinetemeParva, and Knoivle, in the Parish of Buckland Newton, alias Buckland Abbas, in the County of Dorset, was read a Second time.

I Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brown,

\ Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Walpole, Mr.

Jessop, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Ongley, Sir James Grant, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Wyndham, Lord Micklethwaile, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Scawen, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Leheupe, Mr. St. Quintin, Sir Wm. Milner, Mr. Crozvle,

I Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Crofie, Sir Thomas Clarke, Mr.

Edward Walpole, Mr. Winnington, Sir Edward Dering, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Campbell, Captain Evans, Mr. Pelham, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Lord Grimston, Mr. Vincent, Mr Burrell, Mr. Aldington, NlvJVhitworth, Mr. Chet-wynd, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Bladen, Mr. Richard Plummer, SnJermyn Davers, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Douglas, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Wm. Heathcote, Sir John Cope, Sir Tho. Robinson, Mr. Ben-net, Mr. Herbert, Lord Wallingford, Mr. Burton; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Dorset I and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at

I Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

I The Lord Grimston reported from the Committee, tq

I Roads. whom the gin for enlarging the Term granted by an I Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late

I Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for

I repairing the Highways through the several Parishes of 1 St. Michael, St. Alban, St. Peter, Shendley, Ridge, and -I South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex,

I was committed, That the Committee had examined the

I Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

I and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and

I made several Amendments thereunto; which they had

I directed him to report to the House; and he read the

I Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

I with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where

I the Amendments were once read throughout; and then

I a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Quction

I severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to

I some of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

I ingrossed.

I Vol.22.

Mr. Vincent reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for vesting in Trustees. certain Messuages, Houses, and Buildings, in Mark-lane, in the City of London, the Estate of George liar^ejl, an Infont, to be sold; subject to the Payment of Twenty Pounds, and Four Pounds Ten Shillings per Annum, charged thereupon; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to such Uses as the Premises to be sold now stand limited; was committed; That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; gnd; made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and that the Parties concerned had given their ConfenJs to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards, delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the* Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, were agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Farmers, Gardeners, and others,' whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other the Landholders of Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, ThatLiveings Gentleman having, by a new-invented Method of putting Salt upon a Fermentation, with other Materials, made a Manure for Land, which, by Experience, is found to excel all other Manures commonly used iii Husbandry; and having obtained his Majesty’s Royal Letters Patents fbt* the foie making and vending thereof for the'Term, of Fourteen Years, whereof about Ten Years remain unexpired; the Petitioners are credibly informed, that the Materials for mixing with, and fermentingSalt, for such Manure, are to be had in great Plenty in the several Parts of this Kingdom, to the great Improvement of some Millions of Acres, which now lie uncultivated and impoveriftied, for want of Manure: And that the said iVl r. Live in °s is willing, as the Petitioners arc informed, to give up his said Patent for the National Advantage, upon haying such reasonable Allowance as the House shall think fit; but thqt the present high Duty upon Salt prevents the using such a Quantity thereof as is necessary for making the said Manure in Perfection: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, that, upon Satisfaction given to the said Mr. Liveings, his said Patent may become vacated, to the end that all his Majesty’s Subjects may make and use, or vend, the fame, without Restraint; and that such foul Salt as shall be boiled up or mixed with Soot, and other Ingredients, so as to render it unfit for any other Use than for Manure* may be subject to a less Duty; or that such other Relief may be given in the Premises, as to the House shall feerri meet.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

It passed in the Negative. '

Sir George Oxcnden, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further regulating EJeftions of Members to serve in Parliament; and for the better preventing irregular Proceeding? of Sheriffs, and other Officers^ in the electing and returning such Members, as far as, the same relates to the holding of County Courts; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cerk’s Table: Where the Amendments

I i were

Harvest’s

liliate.

Liveings

Patent

Manure.

Regulating

Elections.

112

io° — 20° Aprilis. A. 1733-

were once read throughout; and then a Second, time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Frauds in Resolved, Nemine conlradicente\ That a Committee

the Customs. be appointed to inquire into the Frauds and Abuses in the Customs, to the Prejudice of Trade, and Diminution of the Revenue.

Resolved, That the Number of the said Committee be One-and-twenty.

Resolved, That the said Committee be chosen by way of Balloting.

Ordered, That the Members of the House do, upon Tuesday next, atTwelve of the Clock, prepare Lifts, to be put into Glasses, ofOne-and-twenty Persons Names, to be the said Committee.

Clandestine The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Marriages, a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Heads of a Bill for rendering the Laws in being niore effectual for preventing clandestine Marriages.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Sit Nathanael Curzon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Nathanael Curzon reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutious; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Removal of ResolveedThat this House will, upon Monday Morn-Sujtsout ing next> resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Vourts.or upon the Bill to prevent the Removing of Suits

out of the Courts of Records of any City, or Town Corporate, within that Part of GrealRrilain called England, where the Matters in Demand do not exceed a Sum to be limited in the Bill. m

Preventing Ordered, That the Report form the Committee of Stock- the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent the injobbing. famous Practice of Stockjobbing, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the ClockJ

Veneris, 20° die Aprilis;

Anno 6° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1733.

Prayers.

Linlithgow A BILL for continuing the Duty of Two Penies Town Debts, il Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and fold within the Town of Linlithgow, and Liberties thereof, in the County of West Lothian, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved!, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Murray, Sir James Grant, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Par-fans, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Whitworth, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Yorke, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Morton, Mr. Crojfe, Sir Edmund Bacon, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Walker, Mr. Boone, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Laufon, Mr. Earle, Mr. St. Quint in, Mr. Wyndham, Sir Geo. Saville, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Fane, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Treby, £ir Wm. Careiv, Mr. Packer, Sir Thomas AJ'ton, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Hucks, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Sir Wm. Ellis, Lord Vere Beauclerk, Mr. Williams, Mr. Buncombe, Mr. Plummer, Sir Richard, Lane; Sir Ch arles Turner, M r. Leheupe, Mr. Winning ton, Sir Wm. Milner, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Goiild, Lord

Micklethwait, Sir Tho. Hales; and all the Members that serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Harley, Mr. Robert Herbert, Sir Lord Aber-Thomas Herbert, Mr. James Pelham, Mr. Jewkes, Mr. s

Nczoland, and all the Members that serve for the County of Sussex, be added to the Committee, to whom the in-grofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manors of Kidderminijler Borough and Kidder* minister Forren, Part of the entailed Estate of William Lord Abergavenny; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the same Uses; is committed.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House, accord- Supply Rill ing to Order, a Bill for repealing an Act for laying a ^ul,c*ou Duty on compound Waters, or Spirits; and for licensing n the Retailers thereof; and for determining certain Duties on French Brandy, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for enforcing the Laws for preventing the Running of Brandies: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Vexatious Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Arrests in An Act for the more effectual preventing frivolous and WiA,cs‘ vexatious Arrests; and for the more ealy Recovery of Debts and Damages in the Courts of Great Sections, in the Principality of Wales, and in the Court of Assize in the County Palatine of Chester; and for the obviating a Doubt, which hasarifen, upon an Act, made in the Fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled.

An Act that all Proceedings in Courts of Justice within that Part of Great Britain called England, and in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, shall be in the English Language, so far as the same Act doth or may relate to the Courts of Justice holden within the said Principality.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press l. L. 37. After " assembled," insert " and by " Authority of the same

At the End of the Bill, add Clause A: Which is as follows; viz.

A: And be it further Enacted, by the Authority afore-u said, That all Proceedings in Courts of Equity, which " have been usually writ or entered in the English " Tongue, shall and may, from and after the Twentyfifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and " Thirty-three, be written in the common legible Hand " and Character, and with the like Way of writing " Numbers by Figures, as have heretofore, or are now cc commonly used in the said Courts respectively; any " thing in the said Act made in the Fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, or any other Law or Statute,

" to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding

At the End of the Title, add " and th£ Courts of " Equity in England."

The First Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Qupftion put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second Amendment, made by the Lords, being Clause A, being read a Second time;

The Amendments following were severally proposed , to be made to the Second Amendment; viz.

L. 2. after the Word "all," leave out " Proceedings <c in the Courts of Equity, which have been usually writ cc or entered in the English Tongue, shall and, " and, instead thereof, insert " Writs, Process, and Returns " thereof, and Proceedings thereon, and all Pleadings,

" Rules, Orders, Indictments, Informations, Inquisitions, Presentments, Verdicts, Prohibitions, Certificates, Patents, Charters, Pardons, Commissions, Re-u cords. Judgments, Statutes, Recognizances, Bonds,

" Rolls, Entries, Fines and Recoveries, and all Pro-

ceedings

6 Geo. II*

*20° A.

123

44 ceedings relating the reunto, And all Proceedings of Courts Leet, Courts Baron, and Customary Courts, 44 and all Copies thereof, and all Proceedings whatso- ever, in any Courts of Justice within England, Wales, 44 and the Town of Berwick ilfwn Tweed, and in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and which concern the Law, and Administration of Justice L. 6. After written," insert or printed Leave out the," and insert44 a L. j. After writing," insert or printing, and with the like manner of expressing L. 8. After have," insert44 been:"

L. g. After respectively," insert and with such Abbreviations as are now commonly used in the English Language; and that no Penalty or Punishment shall be incurred, by virtue of the said recited Act, for any other Offence than for writing or printing any of the Proceedings, or other the Matters and Things 14 above-mentioned, in any Hand commonly called Court-hand, or in any Language except the English Language; nor shall any such Penalty or Punishment be extended to the expressing the proper or known Names of Writs, or other Process, or technical Words, in the same Language as hath been commonly " used; so as the same be written or printed in a common* legible Hand and Character, and not in any Hand commonly called Court-hand; and that all Prosecutions for Offences against the said Act shall be commenced within Three Months after the same shall be committed And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Second Amendment, so amended.

The last Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Title of the Bill, being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to' be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out<c the Courts of Equity in England" and, instead thereof, inserting for explaining and amending the said Act And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House, doth agree with the Lords in the said lall Amendment, so amended:

Ordered, That Mr. Sevan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed so the Amendments, made by their Lordships, with Amendments to some of them: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennet and Mr. Elder

Mr. Speaker,

Dna The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Earl Drax Esquire, an Infant, and other?, to grant Leases of several Manors and Lands in the County of Wilts, in such manner as is therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

btife Petition of the Druggists and Grocers, China-men, and others, dealing in Coffee, Tea, Cocoa-nuts, and Chocolate, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of King George the Pirft, intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties therein mentioned, payable upon Coffee, Tea, Cocoa*Buts, Chocolate, and Cocoa-paste, imported, and for granting certain inland Duties in lieu thereof; and for prohibiting the Importation of Chocolate ready made, and Cocoa-paste; and for better ascertaining the Duties payable upon Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa-nuts, imported; and for granting Relief to Robert Dalzell, late Earl of Camwath; the Petitioners were made to hope, that the Dutiesarifing from the said Commodities would be better Secured, and the Interestof the fair Trader bettersupported; but that the Petitioners have found Vo l, 29.

themselves, frotn fatal Experience, subjected to Laws most oppressive and injurious to Trade; are deprived of the Privilege of Juries, and subjected to the judicial Determination of Commissioners, and to the Inquisition and Inspection of Persons unknown to them, who enter their Houses at Pleasure, and to whom they are made accountable for all their Dealings; and, after having paid Duty for their Goods, have not Liberty to sell the same, without Permits from the Officers of Excise, expressing the Names, and Places of Abode, of the respective Buyers and Sellers; to thfe great Damage of the Petitioners, and the exposing the Extent and Circumstances of their Trade to the said Officers, and to whomsoever they think fit to communicate the fame; and are subject to severe Forfeitures for Errors, or Neglect of Entries, in their Books, which are absolutely unavoidable; and are moreover, by a Clause in an Act of the Eleventh of King George the First, liable to be examined upon Oath, touching the Entries in theit Books; and, in case of Neglect or Refusal, are subject to severe and heavy Fines: That, by these Grievances, the Petitioners, as they conceive, are in a Worse Condition than any of his Majesty’s Subjects; and that the clandestine Importation of Tea was never at a greater Height than at present; to the Prejudice of the Revenue, and the Ruin of the fair Traders, who only are subject to these oppressive Laws: And therefore praying, That this House will give them such Relief as to their great Wisdom shall seem meet.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, Th^t the said Petition he referred lo the Con* federation of a Committee of the whole House;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas f ^r* spencer, tellers lor the Yeas, Mf piumer

Tellers for the Noes fColonel 1

tellers for the Noes, \M '

So it passed in the Negative.

t

150*

250*

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Laws for night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider the Laws in being with respect to ° nmmai* the Punishment of Criminals, and how the same may be made more effectual.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Old-street Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the .> whole House, to consider further of the Bill for pro- Mainte-8 viding a Maintenance for the Rector of the new Church nance, near Old-freet, in the Parish of St. Giles, Cripplegate; and for making that Part of the said Parish, which is called the Lordship Part, a distinct Parish; and for impowering the Commissioners for Building of the Fifty new Churches to apply a Sum of Money to wall in the said Church and Church-yard; and to erect a House for the Habitation of the Rector of the said Church, out of the Money appropriated for the Endowment of the said Fifty new Churches.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Clandestin* the whole House, who were to consider of Heads of & Marriages. Bill to render the Laws in being more effectual for preventing clandestine Marriages, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Preventing the whole House,.to whom the Bill to prevent the infamous Practice of Stockjobbing, was committed, be J° ' received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Committee Elections be adjourned. . of Privilege*

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition York of the Proprietors of the Stock of the Governor and Buildings Company forraifing theT/irz Water mYork Buildings, Company, assembled in their General Court held at their House in Winchesterjlreet9 the Twelfth Day of January One thousand

124

20° — 2 3°

A. 1733.

Prest wood’s Estate.

Harvest’s

Estate.

Pitt’s

Marriage

Settlement.

Tynte’s

Estate.

sand Seven hundred and Thirty-two, is referred, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House ad journed till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 2 3° die Aprilis \

Anno 6* Georgii IId! Regis, 1733.

Pr AYF.RS.

A 1R. Treby reported from the Committee, to whom LvA the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Thomas Prejlwood Esquire, in the County of Devon, for discharging an Incumbrance affecting the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the fame, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’sTable. The said Bill was read the Third time.

Pefolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Treby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for vesting in Trusteescertain Messuages, Houses, and Buildings, in Mark-lane, in the City of London, the Estate of George Harvest, an Infant, to be sold, subject to the Payment of Twenty Pounds, and Four Pounds Ten Shillings per Annum, charged thereupon;. and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchaseof other Lands, to be settled to such Uses as the Premises to be sold now stand limited; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Messuages, Houses, and Buildings, in Mark-lane, in the City of London, the Estate of George Harvest, an Infant, to be sold; subject to the Payment of Twenty Pounds, and Four Pounds Ten Shillings per Annum, charged thereupon; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to such Uses as the Premises to be sold now stand limited.

Ordered, That Mr. Vincent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. William Bromley reported from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for rendering more useful, and preventing the Inconveniencies likely to arise from, a Covenant in the Marriage Settlement made by George Pitt Esquire; and for making good and effectual the Agreements, Limitations, and Provisions, made by the Parties for that Purpose, contained in an Indenture of Settlement lately made; was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the fame, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Pefolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. William Bromley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering Sir John Tynle Baronet, and Charles Tyntc Esquire, and their Sons respectively, to make Leases of 20

the Estates comprised in the late Sir Halfzcell Tynte's Settlement, for Lives, or Years determinable on Deaths* according to the Custom of the Country, was read a Second time.

Pefolved, That th B: II be committed to Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Jessop,. Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Bacon, Sir James Grant, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Lord Gage, Sir Edward Bering, Lord Limerick, Mr. Lazvfon, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Winford, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Bey an, Mr. WatkynJVms. Wynne, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Bramftoa, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Croffc, Sir Wm. Milner, Mr. Parsons, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Edward Walpole, Sir John Norris, Mr. Maser, Mr. Bold, Mr. Handafijdc, Mr. Treby, Mr. Selzvyn, Mr. Ingram, Lord Nod Some.rfd, Mr. Bowes, Sir John Iiynde Cotton, Mr. Leigh Master, Mr. IIor?ier, Major Hanbury, General Wade, Mr. Luttercll, Mr. Harley, Mr. Lumley, Mr. Chajin, Mr. Ma?fell, Mr. Talbot; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Somerset and ZLrau: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Thojnas Warden Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body, and the several other Persons therein named, and the Heirs of their respective Bodies, to take and use the Surname of Sergijbn, as therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Pefolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ingram, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Roger Meredith, Sir Wilfrid Laufon, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Treby, Lord Vere Beauclerk, Captain Purvis, Mr. Harley, Mr. Bramfion, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Earle, Mr. I’brA^Mr. Longueville, Mr. Owen, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Selzvyn, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Bold, Mr. Handafyde, Mr. Maser, Sir James Campbell, Sir John Norris, Mr. Edxvard Walpole, Mr. Bacon, Sir James Grant, Lord Limerick, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Jezvkes., Sir Wm. Low/her, Mr. Lwheup, Mr. Orlcbar, Sir Wm. Milner, Mr. Cary, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Crosse, Sir Wilfrid Laufon, Mr. St. Quintin, Mr. Bozoles, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Bcvan, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Jessop, Mr. Anncfey, Mr. Hales; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Suffix, Surry, and the City of London; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Erie Drax Esquire, an Infant, and others, to grant Leases of several Manors and Lands in the County of Wills, in such manner as is therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for repealing an Act for laying a Duty on compound Waters or Spirits; and for licensing the Retailers thereof; and for determining certain Duties on French Brandy, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for enforcing the Laws for preventing the Running of Brandies; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That, the Bill be committed.

Pefolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

liefolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Crosse prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectual indemnifying and securing Parishes, and other Places from such Charges as may arise from Ballard Children born within the same: And the same was received; and read the First time. Pefolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and for

Warden*!

Name.

Drax’*

Estate.

Supply Bill»

Duties on

compound

Water*.

Bnftard

Children.

Regulating

Eiedions.

s

6 Geo. II. 23° Aprilis.

for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in the electing and returning such Members, To far as the same relates to the holding of County Courts; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he. An Act to explain and amend an A<5made in the Seventh and Eighth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in the electing and returning such Members, so far as the same relates to the Holding of County Courts.

Ordered, That Sir George Oxenden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

CWefiine Sir Nathanael Curzon, according to Order, reported ilarnagis- from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of Heads of a Bill for rendering the Laws in being more effectual for-preventing clandestine Marriages, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s.Table: Where the same wefe read; and are as followeth; viz,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Licence be granted without, an Affidavit, signed by One of the Parties to he married, setting forth the Ages. Qualities, and Parities, of both Parties.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bond shall be given by the Party praying the Licence; which Bond shall he forfeited, and rnadefuable in the Courts of Law, if it shall afterwards appear, that the Licence has been obtained on any falseSuggeftion.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Licence be granted for the Marriage of any Persons under Age, without the personal Consent of Parents or Guardians respectively, or due Proof of such Consent.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

IThat no Rf&or, Vicar, or Curate, or other Person being, or pretending to be, in holy Orders, who shall be in Prison, or within the Rules of any Prison, shall perform the Office of Matrimony.

The Two First Reibhit ions of the Committee being read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put.. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

It pafl’ed in the Negative.

The la(l Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to those of the said Resolut ions agreed unto by the House: And that Sir Nathanael Curzon and Sir John Barnard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Wiling Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do make the Report

fr°mtke Committee of the whole House, to whom the 6' Bill to prevent the infamous Practice of Stock-jobbing, was committed.

Mr. Sandy s, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the w hole House, to whom’ the said Bill was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

AClause was offered to be added to the Bill, providing an Indemnity to Persons lending Money on any publick or joint Stock, or other publick Securities, or tfny part, Share, or Interest therein; and for allowing Vox* 23.

any Defeazance or Agreement to be made or entered into; for re-delivering, assigning, or transferring, the fame.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Sinking ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole l7uud. House, to consider of the Application of the growing Produce of the Sinking Fund.

Mr. Hugh Williams reported from the Committee, to Dee whom the Bill to recover and preserve the Navigation Narigattion; of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester, was committed; and to whom the Petition ofdivers Cheese-xnongers in and about the City of London and Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many other Cheesemongers,

Importers of Cheese from the City of Chester; and also the Petition of John Wright, of Brewers Half alias Brewers Hough, within the Liberties of the County of the City of Chester, Esquire; and also the Petition of Sir John GLynne, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Harden, alias Hozvarden, in the County of Flint; and also of the several Gentlemen, and others, who have thereunto subscribed their Names, being Owners and Proprietors of, and who have Right of Common in, certain Marsh Lands called Saltney, containing many Thousand Acres, lying near the River Dee, on the South side thereof; and also the Petition of Nathajiael Booth, of the County of Middlesex, Esquire; and also the Petition of John Theedam Gentleman; and also the Petition of John Crew, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Blacon. in the County of Chester; in relation to the said Bill; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had confide red the said Petitions; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read:

And several of the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till To morrow Morning, at Eleven of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Committee Elections be adjourned. of Privileges.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Supply, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Ways Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committtee of the and Meani. whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Removal of Morning next, resolv£ itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent the Removing courts of Suits out of the Courts of Record of any City or Town Corporate within that Part of Great Britain called England, where the Matters in Demand do not exceed a Sum to be limited in the Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

Kk

12 6

240 Apr

A. 1733.

Attornies and^ulicitors Regulation.

Mart is, 24* die Apr His;

Anno 6° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1733. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to enable certain Persons to be admitted Attornies, was read the Third time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Attornies and ‘ Solicitors.

Ordered, That Sir Nathanael Curzon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the new Horflydowo Church of Horjlydoivn, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey; and for making the District Mainte-assigned to the same a distinct Parish; and for other nance. Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the paternal Estate of Waltham Savery Esquire, corrtprifed in his Marriage Settlement, to discharge the Incumbrances on other the more valuable Parts of his Estate, in the same Settlement comprised, for the Benefit of hislffue by Mary his late Wife: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for in-

Saver\f,g

Dilate.

Dee

_ _ . , f closing and dividing the Common Fields and Common

The House, according to Order, resumed the further Grounds lying in the Manor and Parish of Chipping

Chipping

Warden

Inclosure.

Navigation. Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester, was committed:

And the rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, with Amendments to some of them, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no Alteration whatsoever, made in the Course of the Chanel of the River Dee, by the intended Navigation, shall alter the Boundaries of the Count ies of Clie/ter and Flint; but that the present Chanel of the River shall for ever be and remain the Boundary of the said Counties:

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And several other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord Mr. Pelham reported from the Committee, to whom Ibenravenny’s the ingrossed Bill froni the Lords, intituled, An Act for ate* Sale of the Manor of Kidderminster Borough and Kidderminster Forren, Part of the entailed Estate of William Lord Abergavenny; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the fameufes; was committed; rIhat the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and that the ' Parties concerned had given their Consents to the lame, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Pelham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Wadcfmin An ingrossed' Bill for the more effectual repairing the to Barley, Roads leading from Wade [mill, in the County of Hert-&c. Roads. jor^ tQ Barley and Roy/on, in the said County, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual repairing the Roads leading from Wadefnill, in the County of Hertford, to Barley and Royfti n, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Cafar do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas Bennet and Mr. Elde:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Warden, in the county of ^Northampton: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for erecting Piers in, and for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Little Aiamp ton, called ArundeU Port, in the County of Safe,r, without any Amendment.

AninHH!

Port.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for executing the Derwent-Office of Treasurer of the Exchequer do lay before this water’s House, an Account of what Proceedings have been had in collecting and levying the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the Estate of James late Earl of Denuentwater, and all Arrears thereof, since the Death of John Radcliffe, his Son; and what Monies arising thereby have been brought and paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir John Ruddy Baronet, with Lettice Vaughan, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned until this Day Sevennight.

Rudd*®

Divorce

Call of tht. House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Charitable whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the charitable Corporation. Corporation for Relief of industrious Poor, by a (lifting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in a General Court, was referred, be taken into Consideration upon Thu rfday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Fraudsintht Members to prepare Lifts, to be put into Glades, of Customs. Twenty-one Persons Names, to be the Committee who are appointed to inquire into the Frauds and Abuses in the Customs, to the prejudice of Trade, and Diminution of the Revenue;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go, with the Mace, into Westminster-hall, and into the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned;

The Clerk, and Clerk Assistant, went on each Side the House with Glades, to receive from the Members the Lists of Persons Names to be the said Committee:

And the Lifts, being received, were brought up to the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the said Lifts; and report to the House, upon which Twenty-one Persons the Majority falls:

And it is referred to Lord Vere Beauclerk, Mr. Pelham,

Sir Wm. Yonge, Colonel Selwyn, Mr. Andrews, Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Knight, Mu Fane, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Glut-terbuck, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Treby, Mr. Thomas *Tower,

Captain

6 Geo. II,

240- — 25°

Captain Purvis, Mr. Thomas Pearce, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Burton, Mr. Wollaston, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. 77/z /?m/, Mr. Campbell of Pembr. Mr. Harris, Mr. Coppleston, Mr. Giles Earle, Mr. A/orr, Colonel Bladen, Colonel OnJIozv, Mr. 11 ugh Williams, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Daniel Campbell, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Winning ton, Mr. Leheupe, Mr Pot eager, Mr. Con-dint, Sir GV0. Samiders, Lord Gall a way, S\r James Grant, Mr /focow, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Lyster, Mr. dys,$\r EdzvardStanley, Mr. Wyndham, Sir Jf?7z. Wyndham, Mr. Waller, Sir Jr;/*?? Barnard, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Annejley, Sir Wilfrid Lazvfon, Sir Je/w Cottonin' Justiniam Isham, Sir Edmund Bacon, Lord Gage, Mr. Scarcer, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Forbes, Mr. Croicle, Mr. Sam broke. Sir Paul Methuen, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Brodie, Mr. Plumer, Lord Noel Somerset, Sir John Norris, Mr. Compton, Lord Cornhury, Lord Limerick, Mr. B rams ton, Mr. Geo. Heath cot, M r. Vane, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Carr: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the proper Officer of the Prerogative Will. Court of Canterbury do lay before this House Copies of the several Papers produced and deposited in that Court, as the lad Will and Codicils of llichard Norton, lateo fSouthwickj in the County of Southampton, Esquire deceased.

127

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider the State of the Whale Fishery; carried on by his Majesty’s British Subjects.

An ingrossed Bill for inlarging the Term granted by St. Alban’s an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late &c.Roads. Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways through the several Parishes of St. Michael, St. Alban, Si. Peter, Shendley, Ridgd, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford, and Middlesex, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill,

Press 2. L. last, by adding the Name of Richard Ro-binfon to the List of Commissioners Names, after the Words <c Edward Hamond, Archdeacon of Dorset

And the Question being put. That the Name of Richard Robinson be added;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways through the several Parishes of St. Michael, St. A than, St. Peter, Shendley, Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Her fjord and Middie sex.

Ordered, That the Lord Grimston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 250 die;

Anno 6° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1733. Prayers.

tat, If R. Master's reported from the Committee, to whom IV1 the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for veftino divers Lands and Tythes in Hothorpe, in the County of Northampton, the Estate late of Griffith Davies, deceased, and of Arthur Dagget, in Trustees, to such Uses as the Manor of Hothorpe aforesaid stands settled, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true $ and that the Parties concerned had given their Confenls to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bilhdopafs.

Ordered, That Mr. Master do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

ItyjBiu The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ] ^Tax. for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-three, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize Jean Lagier Lamotte, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from a Place called St. John's Bridge, in the County of Berks, to a Place called Fyfield, in the said County, with an Amendment: To which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn* Vol. 22.

| Wttt’j

k

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Counterfcii-prevent the coining or counterfeiting any of the Gold ing Broad Coins, commonly called Broad Pieces: And that Mr. Pieces. Conduit, Mr. Clayton, and Mr. Cary, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Nathanael Curzon presented to the House, ac- church cording to Order, a Bill lor settling Rates for the better Rates. Repairing of Churches and Chapels, and providing Ornaments for the lame: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Lord Vere Beauclerk reported from the Com- Frauds in mittee who were appointed to examine the Lists of the Customs. Twenty-one Persons Names, to be the Committee who are to inquire into the Frauds and Abuses in the Customs, to the Prejudice of Trade, and Diminution of the Revenue; and to report to the House, upon which Twenty-one Persons the Majority falls; That they had examined the same accordingly; and that the Majority had fallen upon the Persons following; viz.

Sir John Cope Baronet - - - - 294

Thomas Clutter buck Esquire - - - 293

Sir William Clayton baronet - 292

Stephen Fox Esquire - - - -292

JRic/utrd Edgcumbe Esquire - - "291

The honourable Henry Pelham Esquire - 291

Sir John Heathcote Baronet - 290

Sir Philip Yorke Knight - 290

William Clayton Esquire - 289

Antony Lowlher Esquire - - 289

Sir George Oxenden Baronet - 289

Charles Talbot Esquire - 289

George Wade Esquire - 289

John Campbell, of Pembrokeshire, Esquire - 288

Duncan Forbes Esquire - - - 288

Sir Thomas Frank land Baronet - - 288

Thomas Winnington Esquire - - - 288

Lord Hervey - - - 287

George Dodington, of Eastbury, Esquire - 286

Horatio Walpole Esquire ... 285

Sir Wm. Yonge Baronet - - 284

Ordered, That the said Committee, or any Five of them, do meet at Five of the Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to adjourn from time to time, and from Place to Place, as they shall find it convenient; and to report their Proceed-16 ingfV

Preventing Si nek-jobbing.

Expiring

Laws.

12$

25® Aprilis. 1733.

ings, from time to time, to the House; and to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the several Accounts, and other Papers, relating to the Customs, which are referred to the Committee of the whole House appointed to eonfider further of the most proper Methods for the better Security and Improvement of the Duties and Revenues already charged upon, and payable from, Tobacco and Wines, be transferred to the Committee who are to inquire into the Frauds and Abuses in the Customs, to the Prejudice of Trade, and Diminution of the Revenue.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to prevent the infamous Practice of Stockjobbing be read the Third time on Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Mr. Thomas Tower'reported from the Committee, who were appointed to inspect what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued; That they had inspected the Laws accordingly; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follows; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reftn of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Juries; and also One other Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his laid present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Third Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Juries, so far as the same relates to the County of Middlesex; and which are near expiring; are fit to be made perpetual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England; and also certain Clauses, Powers, and Authorities, contained in one other Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of the said King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act to continue a former Act to prevent Theft and Rapine, upon the Northern Borders of England; and also in one other Act, made in the twenty-ninth and thirtieth Years of the reign of the said King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for continuing of Two form* r Acts for preventing of Fheft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England', and also in one other Act, made in the twelfth and thirteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for continuing the Acts therein mentioned, for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England; and which are expired, or near expiring; are fit to be revived, and further continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed Persons going armed in disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; which was to continue iij force for Three Years, from the First Day of June 1723, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the . Reign of his said late Majesty, was continued, from the Expiration thereof, for Five Years, and from thence to the end of the then, next Session of Parliament, and is near expiring; is fit to be further continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Manufactureof Cloth in the West Riding of the County of York (except a Clause restraining any Person not having served Seven Years as an Apprentice to the Trade of a Broad Clothier, or

not having exercised such Trade for Two Years before the Commencement of the faij Act, except as therein is excepted, from making, or causing to be made, any Broad Cloth in the said West Riding, under the Penalties therein mentioned); which said Act was to continue in Force for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and is near expiring is fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Thomas Tower,

Mr. Harley, Mr. Bramston? Mr. Gxvyn Vaughan, Mr.

Palmer, Sir Win. Yonge, Sir Wilfrid Laufon. Mr. Law-Jon, Sir William Middleton, Mr. Jenvijon, Sir John Cope,

Colonel Onfow, Mr. Whitworth, Captain Vernon, Sir Charles Vernon, Sir George Saville, and Sir Wm. Milner, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, cr Bills, That they do make Provision, upon the Debate of the House, for explaining and amending the said Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the more effectual punishing ivicked and evil-disposed Persons going armed in diguifo, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects; and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Proceedings resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, °* upon the Bill for the better regulating the Proceed- tica ourts' ings of Ecclesiastical Courts within that Part of Great Britain called England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed;

Rejblvcd, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, upon the Bill for repealing an Act for laying a Duty on compound Waters or Spirits, and for Waters, licencing the Retailers thereof; and for determining certain Duties on French Brandy, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for enforcing the Laws for preventing the Running of Brandies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the* Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Complaint being made to the House, That Sir James privilege. Sinclair, of Meip in the County of Caithness, Baronet, together with William Sinclair junior, of Dumbeath,

Esquire; George Bruce, of Gills, in the said County; and Kenelh Sutherland, of Dornoch, in the County of Sutherland, Esquire; did, in the Months of March last; and April instant, in a forcible manner, enter upon a Farm in Mey aforesaid, in the Possession of Pa!rick Dunbar Esquire, a Member of this House, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

6 Geo. II,

2 6°

Jovisy 26° die Af rilis;

Anno 6° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1733;

Prayers.

Tivertofi CIR Wm. Yvnge reported from the Committee to Chapel* O whom the Bill for making a Chapel in the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, a perpetual Cure; and for providing a Maintenance for the Ministers who shall officiate therein; was Committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report tothC House; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the fame, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrotfed.

IhpplyBUI , Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from Duties on the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ^refund, repealing an Act for layinga Duty on compound Waters, ltirSl or Spirits; and for licensing the Retailers thereof; and for determining certain Duties on French Brandy; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for en-I forcing the laws for preventing the Running of Brandies;

I was comm it ted; the Amendments which the Commiltes

I had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him

I to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

I Place;and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-

I ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amend-

I ments were once read throughout; and then a Second I time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put I thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill; with the Amendments, be

I Ipswich Sir Jevrnyn Davers reported from the Committee to I tok whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted I by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her

I late Majesty QueenAmid, intituled, An Act for the better

I repairing and amending the Road leading from Ipfzvich I to Cleydon, and the Road called the Pye Road, in the I County of Suffolk-, and for amending the Roads lead-

I ingfrom Yaxley Bull, through Eye, to Lanthorn Green,

ft in the said County; was committed; That the Com-

I mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and

I found the same to be true; and that the Committee had

| gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

I thereunto; which they had directed him to report to

I the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and

I afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,

I in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments, were

/.ft once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by

I one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

I agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be

I ingrossed.

|%Ie-fini, Ordered, That the proper Officer do forthwith lay be-

I fore this House, an Account of Whale-fins and Train IBport*^ Oil imported from foreign Parts, from Michaelmas 1716 I to Michaelmas 1732, inclusive; distinguishing each I Year.

EirdotiI of ®rdered> That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, vinferior upon the Bill to prevent the removing of Suits out of ftr*111 the Courts of Record of any City, or Town Corporate, I within that Part of Great Britain called England,

I you 22.

prilis. i

where the Matters in demand do not exceed a Sum to be limited in the Bill, be now read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Barnard took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Barnard reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir James Lozvtlier have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Two of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; -

And presented a Petition of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other Parts of America; and for encouraging the Fishery; which was read; setting forth. That the Petitioners having, at their General Court, held the Seventeenth Day of April, taken their Affairs into Confederation, came toa Resolution to apply to Parliament, that the whole capital Stock of the said Company may be divided into Four Parts; and that Three Parts thereof may be converted into Annuities, at Four per Cent. payable by the said Company, out of their Fund, in lieu of all Dividends and Profits now payable in respect thereof: and that the remaining Fourth Part of the said Capital may continue in the Company, attended with the Residue of the said Fund* and be the trading Stock, subject to the Company’s Debt and Incumbrances, and having all the Effects, Debts, Powers, Privileges, Profits, and Advantages, which the said Company are entitled to, with proper Clauses and Provisions for the better settling, regulating, and managing; the said Company’s Affairs for the future; and that the said capital Stock, or any Part thereof, may not, without the said Company’s Consent, be further redeemed, till the present and now proposed South Sea Annuities shall be reduced by Redemption, to be equal to such Capital: And therefore praying, That the said Company may be enabled to put the Premises in Execution, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition, and upon the Debate of the House: And that Sir James Lowlher, Sir George Cafwalt, Mr. Glanvil, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Plinner, and Mr. Walpole, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the charitable Corporation for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembledin a general Court, was referred, be taken into Confederation Tomorrow, at Eleven of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of Laflage and Ballafiage in the River Thames, was committed, be received Upon TaeJ'day next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into^a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for providing a Maintenance for the Rector of the new Church near Old-street, in the Parish of St. Giles, Cripplegate; and for making that Part of the said Parish, which is called the Lordship Part, adiftindt Parish; and for impowering the Commissioners for building the Fifty new Churches to apply a Sum of Money to wall in the said Church and Church-yard, and to eredfc a House for the Habitation of the Rector of the said Church, out of the Money ap-L \ propriated

South Sed Company:

Charitable

Corporation,

Thames Laftage and Ballaltage.

Old-street

Church

Minister*#

Mainte-

nance.

Noiton,a

Will.

Tobacco

Import

Honda.

Buckland

Newton

Inclosure.

St. John’s Bridge, to Fyfield Roads.

130

26° — if’ Aprilis. A. 1733.

preprinted for the Endowment of the said Fifty new Churches.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 270 die Aprilis;

Anno 6° Georgii IId! Regis, 1733. Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Farrant, from the PrerogativeCourt of Canterbury, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Copies of the several Papers produced, and deposited in that Court, as the last Will, Codicils, and Tefiamentary Schedules, of Richard Noi'ton, late of Southwick, in the County of Southampton, Esquire, deceased.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copies are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, That the Comptroller General of the Accounts of the Customs attended at the Door j

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House au additional Return of the Commissioners of the Customs, to the Order of the House of the Fifth lnstant, with the Amount of all Bonds entered into for Tobacco imported into the Port of London, remaining undischarged at Lady day 1733; together with an Account of the Debentures made, or passing, for Discharge of the said Bonds.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Return was read.

Ordered, That the said Return and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Return and Account are bound up with the other Papers of this Seihon.

Sir Roger Meredith, reported from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields and Common Grounds in the Tythings of Buckland Newton, Mineterne Parva, and K now le, in the Parish of Buckland Newton, alias Buckland Abbas, in the County of Dorset, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties ebneerned had given their Consents to the fame, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Meredith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from a Place called St. John's Bridge, in the County of Berks, to a Place called Fyfield, in the said County.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as follows; viz.

Press 10. L. 2. After " House," insert " or any Piece " or Parcel of Ground, set apart apd used as a Nursery " for Trees."

The said Amendment, being read a second time, wast upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Packer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, South 6ea That the Directors of the South Sea Company do lay be- Company, fore this House, an Account of wdiat Sums of Money,

South Sea Stock, and South Sea Annuities, have been received from the Trustees for raising Money on the Estates of the late Directors of the South Sea Company, and others; distinguishing the Time of such Receipts, and the Application thereof; with all the Orders and Directions of the General Courts of the said Company, relating to the Disposition thereof;

It passed in the Negative.

Sir John Cope, from the Committee who are appointed to inquire into the Frauds and Abuses in the u onu* Customs, to the Prejudice of Trade, and Diminution of the Revenue, acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move the House,

That the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs, to the Order of the House of the Sixth of February last, with an Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the publick Revenues under the Management of the . Commissioners of the Customs; with an Account of the Money drawn back for Goods re-exported, and paid out of the fame, for Premiums, or Bounties, from Christmas 1716 to Christmas 1731; distinguishing each Branch of Duty, and each Year; for that Part of Great Britain called England: And also.

That the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs, to the Order of the House of the Sixth of February last, with an Account of the Quantity, and Sorts, of Wines, imported into England; and bow much thereof has been re-exported to foreign Parts: from Christmas 1710 to Christmas, 1731; with the Gross and Net Produce of the Duties arising thereon: And also,

That the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs, to the Order of the House of the Seventh of March last, with a particular Account of the Frauds which have come to their Knowledge, relating to the Importation and Exportation, the Landing, Re-shipping, and Running, of Wines, since Christmas 1723; and when, and at what Ports or Places, committed: with the Proceedings which have been had thereupon: And also,

That the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs, to the Order of the House of the Fifth lnstant, with the Account of all Bonds entered into for Tobacco imported into the Port of London, remaining undil-charged, at Lady-day last: And also.

That the Amount of all Bonds entered into for Tobacco into the Port of London, from Christmas 1730 to Christmas 1732; with an Account of the Losses on the said Bonds; be referred to the said Committee.

And the said Returns and Accounts were severally ordered to be referred to the said Committee.

The Order of the Day was read, for taking into Con- Charitable sideration the Report from the Committee to whom the Corporation. Petition of the Proprietors of the charitable Corporation for Relief of Industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums of Money, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in a General Court, was referred.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas Bennet and Mr. Edwards: '

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Aldbam, Ac, explaining and amending Part of an Act, made in the locloiure. Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for inclosing Aldham and Ray w? Commons, belonging to the Parish of Hadleigh, in the County of Suffblk, for the better Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also.

The

6 Geo. II.

7° — 30" ApriUs.

131

janflen’s The Lords have pafle^ a Dill, intituled, An Act for4 Bate. vifting in Sir Theodore Janjfen Knight and Baronet, and his Heirs, the Remainder in Fee-simple, now in the Crown, expectant on the Determination of certain Estates Tail of and in the Manor and Advowson of Ower Moigne, in the County of Dorset, and several Lands and Hereditaments, to the same Manor be- longing: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And theu the Messengers withdrew.

(Stable Then the House proceeded to take into Consideration M100- the Report from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the charitable Corporation for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with final! Sums of Money, upon Pledges at legal Interest, assembled in a General Court, was referred.

And the said Report was read.

The said Report being printed, by Order of the House, a printed Copy thereof is bound up in a Volume, containing the several printed Reports of this Session, which is preserved with the other Books belonging to the House; and the original Report is bound up with the other Papers of this Session. Resolved, Nemine contradicentey That it appears to this House, That many notorious Breaches of Trull have been committed, and many indirect and fraudulent Practices carried on, for some Years lad pad, by Persons concerned in the Direction and Management of the charitable Corporation for Relief of indudrious Poor, by aflilling them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legol Interest.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That Sir Robert Sutton, Knight of the Bath, One of the Committee for managing the Affairs of the said Corporation, has been guilty of many notorious Breaches of Trull, and many indirect and fraudulent Practices in the Management of the Affairs of the said Corporation.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Question, by leaving out the Words " many notorious Breaches of Trull, and many indirect and fraudulent " Practices," and inferring, indead thereof these Words, t( a Neglect of Duty."

And the Question being put. That these Words, u many notorious Breaches of Trull, and many indirect and fraudulent Practices," stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for th6e Yeas f The Lord 1

lellers for the leas, \

Mm for <h. Noes, j .,8.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Sir Robert Sutton, Knight of the Bath, One of the Committee for managing the Affairs of the said Corporation, has been guilty of a Neglect of Duty in the Management of the Affairs of the said Corporation.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Sir Archibald Grant Baronet, One other of the said Committee, has been guilty of many notorious Breaches of Trull, and many indirect and fraudulent Practices in the Management of the Affairs of the said Corporation.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Dermis Bona Esquire, One other of the said Committee has been guilty of a Neglect of Duty in the Management of the Affairs of the said Corporation.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That it appears to this House, That William Burroughs Esquire, One other of the said Committ.ee, has been guilty of many notorious Breaches of Trud, and many indirect and fraudulent Practices, in the Management of the Affairs of the said Corporation.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That it appears to this House, That William Squire, One of the Aflidants for managing the Affairs of the said Corporation, is guilty of many notorious Breaches of Trud. and many indirect Vqiw22.

and fraudulent Practices in the Management of the Affairs of the said Corporation.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That it appears to this House, That George Robinson, late circulating Cashier to the said Corporation, has been guilty of many notorious Breaches of Trud, and many indirect and fraudulent Practices, in the Management of the Affairs of the said Corporation.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That John Thompson, late Warehouse-keeper to the said Corporation, has been guilty of many notorious Beaches of Trull, and many indirect and fraudulent Practices, in the Management of the Affairs of the said Corporation.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Richard Wolley, Broker, and Adidant to the said John Thompson, has been guilty of many indirect and fraudulent Practices, in relation to the Affairs of the said Corporation.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Thomas Warren, Broker, and Affidant to the said John Thompson, has been guilty of many indirect and fraudulent Practices, in relation to the Affairs of the said Corporation.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the irigrossed Bitt to prevent the infamous Practice of Stockjobbing be read the Third time ort Monday next, at Twelve of the"Clock.

Resolved, That this House wilT, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider the Laws in being with respect to the Punishment of Criminals; and how the same may be made more effectual.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Application of the growing Produce of the Sinking Fund.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Stock of the Governor and Company for raising the Thames Water in York Build-ingr> assembled in their General Court held at their House in Winchester-street, the Twelfth Day of January 1732, is referred, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lun&y 30° die Aprtlis;

Anno 6° Georgii n41 Regis, 1733. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Earle Dr ax Esquire, an Infant, and others, to grant Leases of several Manors and Lands, in the County of Wilts, in such a manner as is therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to S!r Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Butler, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Murray, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Wyndham, Sir Charles Turner, Sir Geo. Saville, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Williams, Mr. Leheupe, Colonel Norton, Mr Hales, Mr. Annejley, Sir John Cope, Sir Nicolas Williams, Sir Thomas Aston, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Trehy, Mr. Ducket, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. GlanvUle, Sir James Grant, Mr. Daniel Campbell, Mr. John Campbell, Mr. Longueville, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Harris* Mr. Mortar^ Mr. Crqffe, Mr. Copplfon*

Mr.

Preventing

Stock-

jobbing.

Laws for Puniftmient . of Criminals.

Sinking Fund.

Committee of Privileges.

York

Buildings

Company,

strax’s

Estate.

132

30° Aprilis. A. 1733,

Whale-fins, &c. imported.

Mr. Ingram, Nix. Palmer, Mr. Bun'ard, Mr. Leivis, Captain Purvis, Mr. Pierce, Mr. Z.eu;<?/7, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Kemp, Mr. Packer \ and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Wilts and Dorset: And they iare to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed. That Mr. Oxenford, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

An ACCOUNT of Whale-fins and Train Oil ii

Christmas 1732 inclusive;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of Whalfe-fins and Train Oil imported from foreign Parts, from Christmas 1716 to Christmas 173a, inclusive; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

nported from foreign Parts* from Christmas 1716 to distingu ifiiing each Year.

Whale-fins. Train Oil.

1 c. qrs> lb. Tuns. lid. Gal.

From Christmas 1716 to Christmas 1717- - - - *>497 2 16 854 3 ii

- — - - 1718 - - - - 3>443 I 6 1,283 2 3

- - — - 1719 *, - - - - 2,940 O M 1.099 2 56

- - — -. IJ20 - - - 2,198 2 2 1.593 2 40

- - — 1721 - " - - 3*313 1 8 2,050 0 51

- - — - - 1722 - - - - 3>209 2 21 1,819 1 4

- - — - - 1723 - - - - 2,701 2 13 2,013 2 *5

- - — - " 1724 - - - 3*435 I 25 2,088 1 46

- - - r-. - *7*5 - - - 2>479 0 *9 I>95° 2 61

" 7t — -. - -; 1726 - - - - .2>721 2 10 i-79° 3 3

- - :T(- *" 1727 - - - - 3>332 2 16 3,092 2 42

- " - - 1728 - - - - 2,121 2 8 2,784 2 8

- - 1729 - - - 1,636 2 24 2.473 1 5°

- " 1730 - - - - 2,072 2 2 2,414 2

- " , - - 1731 - - - - 2,129 0 0 22 2,246 0 43

- - " _ ' 173* - - - 2,088 3 4 2,710 3 16

Tota LS - - j 4*.322 3 14 32,266 3 23

John Oxenford, A. I. General,

Note, The Whale Blubber, and the Fins of the fame, imported, by the South Sea Company, from Greenland, being not converted into Oil, nor cleansed, and subject to no Duty, the Quantities could not be ascertained and are therefore not included in this Account.

Note, The Inspector General keeps his Accounts from Christmas to Christmas; so that this Account could not be drawn out from Michaelmas to Michaelmas, as required.

Custom-house, London, 30th April 1733.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the \ Tabje, to be perused by the Members of the Floufe.

Aldham,&c. An ingrossfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act luclosure. for explaining and amending Part of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for inclosing Aldham and Boyne Commons, belonging to the Parish of Hadleigh, in the said County of Suffolk, for the better Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Warden’s Mr. Ingram reported from the Committee to whom Name. jngrcjfled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to

enable Thomas Warden Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body, and the several other Persons therein named, and the Heirs of their respective Bodies, to take and use the Surname of Sergifbn, as therein mentioned, was committed, Thai; the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Ingram do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Doc A Petition of Robert Dixon, Daniel Danvers, and Navigation. Thomas Cockfhutt, Merchants, residing in, and trading to and from, the Town and Port of Liverpoole, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many other Merchants and Traders to and from the said 16

f*

Town and Port oT Liverpoole, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, if the Bill, depending in this House, to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester, should pass into a Law, and such Works should be begun, and such new Chanej, should be made, asproposed by the Bill, the Petitioners apprehend that the same will not only be a great Prejudice to the Petitioners, and to the said Town and Port of Liverpoole, by obstructing the Navigation to and from the said Town and Port, but will greatly affect the Bay or Harbour of Hoyle Lake, which, at present, is the only convenient Harbour and Riding Place, as well for his Majesty’s Ships of War, as for all Ships trading to and from those Parts: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Connfel, against the said Bill, before the same shall pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester, be read the Third time: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to he heard for the said Bill, at the same time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time, upon Wednesday Morning next.

An ingossed Bill for repealing an Act for laying a Supply Bill; Duty on compound Waters, or Spirits; and for licencing Duties on the Retailers thereof; and fordeterminingcertainDutifes fomPouad on French Brandy; and for granting other Duties in lieu ateis* thereof; and for enforcing the Laws for preventing the Running of Brandies; was read the Third time.

Resolved,

6 Geo. It. 30°Aprilis. — -1° Mail. 133

Resolved, That the )3ill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing* an Act for laying a Duty on Compound Waters, or Spirits; and for licensing the Retailers thereof; and for determining certain Duties on French Brandy; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for enforcing the Laws for preventing the running of Brandies.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Counterfeiting Proad

Pieces.

Frauds in the Custoras.

Mr. Conduit presented to the House, according td Order, a Bill to prevent the coining or counterfeiting any of the Gold Coins commonly called Broad Pieces: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Representatiob of the Justices of the Peace for the County of Lanerk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the present Laws, made to prevent the running of French Brandies into Great Britain, are rendered ineffectual by the Continuance of the Practice of exposing condemned Brandies to public Roup at the Exchequer, where such Brandies are generally bought by the Runners of the said Commodity, who, by means of Permits procured from the Officers of the Revenue, are enabled to carry on that unlawful Trade; to the great Prejudice of his Majesty’s Revenue, the whole landed Interest of the Nation, and Distillers of Spirits from Grain and Melasses; but that these Praftiees, as the Petitioners are persuaded, might be in a great measure prevented, by causing the said Brandies to be (laved, or exported for Sale to foreign Parts, upon the Condemnation thereof; and that the drawing back all the Duties on the Exportation of Spirits made of Corn, Sugar, and Melasses, will be a great Encouragement to the Distillers, tend very much to the Consumption of Grain, without any Prejudice to the Revenue: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to do what they shall think necessary for the more effectual suppressing and preventing the running of prohibited Spirits, and for the Encouragement of Distillers from Corn and Melasses.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, who are appointed to inquire into the Frauds and Abuses in the Customs; to the Prejudice of Trade, and Diminution of the Revenue.

A Bill for the more effectual indemnifying and securing Parishes, and other Places, from such Charges as may arise from Bastard Children born within the same, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crojffe, Mr. Clutter buck. Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Walker, Colonel Middleton, Sir James Grant, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Trebv, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Fortescue, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Wollaston, Mr. Tufnell, Sir John Hynd Cotton, Sir Richard IMiie, Mr. Winning ton, Sir Roger Mojlyn, Mr. Earle, Sir John Norris, Mr. Orlcbar, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Wm. Chappie, Sir Robert Clifton, Mr. Jejfop, Sir Thomas Pendergrafs, Mv. More, Mr. Rucks, Mr. Bramfon, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Toivers, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Plummer, Sir Roger Meredith, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Cholmondeley, Sir Geo. Mackenfc, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Harley; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

iko7il of Sir John Barnard, according to Order, reported from |tert0f Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill (Count, to prevent the removing of Suits out of the Courts of Record of any City, or Town Corporate, within that Part of Great Britain called England, where the Matters in Demand do not exceed a Sum to be limited in the Bill, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had disreQedhira to report to the House; and he read the fan, 22,

'Bastard

Children.

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Queliiori severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed unto by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent the infamous Practice Preventing bf Stockjobbing, was, according to Order, read the Stock-Third time. jobb, D

And the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

- Vea, I SSiSiSte }

} ,9.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent the infamous Practice of Stockjobbing.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The ot her Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Supply, ingnext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Ways night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Means. House, to corifider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Rudd’* night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Bivorce. House, upon the ingrossed Bill from t he Lords, intituled.

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir John Rudd Baronet, with Leltice Vaughan, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, Sinking at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Fund, of the whole House, to consider of the Application of the growing Produce of the Sinking Fund,

The House being informed, that Edward Cheney, privilege. John Ithell, Richard Griffith, and Edward Williams, have made their Submission, and given Satisfaction, to Sir Robert Grosvenor Baronet, a Member oi this House, in relation to the Breach of Privilege complained of the Second of April instant;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, i° die Maii;

Anno 6° Georgii IIdI Regis, 1733.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and ipswich Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Tenth Road*. Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Road leading from Ipswich to Cleydoiiy and the Hoad called the Pye Road, in the County of Suffolk; and for amending the Roads leading from Yaxley Bull,

M m through

134

i° Mali. ' ^.1733.

through Eye, to Lanthorn Green, in the said County; was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz. '

Press 7. L. 34. After the Word " that " to insert " of:’'

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House i And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Road leading from Ipswich to Cleydon; and the Road called the Pye Road, in the County of Suffolk; and for amending the Roads leading from Yaxley Ball, through Eye, to Lanthorn Green, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir Jermyn Davers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Tynte’* Sir William Wyndham reported from the Committee, Estate. to uhom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering Sir John Tynte Baronet, and Charles Tynte Esquire, and their Sons, respectively, to make Leases of the Estates comprised in the late Sir Haljivell Tynte's Settlement, for Lives, or Years determinable on Deaths, according to the Custom of the Country, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame, to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satjsfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Wyndham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Linlithgow Rlr. Murray reported from the Committee, to whom " cmn Debts. t]ie gjj for continuing the Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pini of Ale and Beer, brewed and fold within the Town of Linlithgow, and Liberties thereof, in the County of W(Jl Lothian, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the v Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Frauds in the Sir John Cope, from the Committee who are appointed

Customs. to inquire into the Frauds and Abuses in the Customs, to the Prejudice of Trade, and Diminution of the Revenue, acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move the House, That the additional. Return of the Commissioners of the Customs to the Order of the House of the Fifth of last Month, with the Amount of all Bonds entered into for T obacco imported into the Port of London, remaining undischarged at Lady-day 1 733; together with an Account of the Debentures tnade, or passing, for Discharge of the said Bonds, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Return and Account be referred to the said Committee.

Tiverton An ingrossed Bill for making a Chapel, in the Town Chapel, of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, a perpetual Cure;

lS

and for providing a Maintenance for the Ministers who shall officiate therein; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 5. L. 35. After " Chapel" to insert " And:"

Press iz. L. 33, and 34. To leave out the Words n and upon fuel) Complaint:"

L. 35, and 36, To leave out upon such " Complaint

Press 14. L. 36. After the Word Ministers" to insert and: "

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: Anil the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making a Chapel in the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, a perpetual Cure; and for providing a Maintenance for the Ministers who shall officiate therein.

Ordered, That Sir William Yonge, do carry the Bill tc the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent the removing of Suits Removal of out of the Courts of Record of any City or Town Cor- Suits out of porate within that Part of Great Britain called England, Couri* where the Matters in Demand do not exceed a Sum to be limited in the Bill, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz*

Press 1. L. 3. To leave out the Word <c the :"

L. 5. After the Word " Suits " to insert

" out:"

L. 17. After the Word <c Plaint " to insert

" Suit:"

L. 34. After the Word ic depend " to insert

and

Press 2. L. 1. After the Word cc Majesty" to insert u by and with the Advice and Consent of:"

L. 9. After the Word " Revenues" to insert tc of the Kingdom

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the further avoiding of vexatious Delays caused by removing Actions and Suits out of inferior Courts.

Ordered, That Sir John Barnard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to prevent the coining or counterfeiting any of the Gold Coins commonly called Broad Pieces, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bilk

Counterfeiting Broad Pieces.

Mr. Winnington, according to Order, reported from Thames the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Regu- Laftage and lation of Laftage and Ballastage, in the River Thames, Ba,laftaSe* was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Owners and Master3 of Ships, employed in the Coal and Coasting Trade, in behalf of themselves, and others, was referred; That the Committee had heard the Petitioners by their Counsel, according to the Prayer of their Petition; and had also heard Counsel in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

And the Report was ordered to be read.

Then

.rr

135

z'

6 Geo. II. Is — 3

Then the Counsel, for and against the said Bill, were called in:

And the Report was read;

And the Petition of several Merchants, and Owners of Ships, trading to and from the Port of London, on behalf of themselves, and many others, against the said Bill, wns also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard:

And an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, infculed. An Act; for the Pre-ferVation of the River of Thames, was read:

And aClause in a Charter, granted by King Charles the Second to the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, of Xhe]Trinity-house of Deptford Stroud, in the County of Kent, bearing date the 24th Day of June, in the 17th Y*ar of his Reign, relating to the Power of laying Ballad on shore, for the better Supply of dry Ballast, for all such Ships, and other Vessels, as shall carry Cloth, and other like dry Grods, was read And the Counsel for the Petitioners examined Several Witnesses, and went through their Evidence,

And the Counsel for the Bill were heard.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, by way of Reply.

And the Counsel being withdrawn;

The Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were ordered to be read a Second time; and, several of them being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the farther Cousideration of the said Report be adjourned;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the rest of the said Amendments were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

GWthe The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned to this day Month.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider the State of the Whale Fishery carried on by his Majesty’s British Subjects;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for providing a Maintenance for the Rector of the new Church near Old-street, in the Parish of St. Giles, Cripple gate; iand for making that Part of the said Parish which is called the Lordship Part, a distinct Parish; and for impowering the Commissioners, for building of the Fifty new Churches, to apply a Sum of Money to wall in the said Church and Church-yard; and to erect a House for the Habitation of the Rector of the said Church, out of the Money appropriated for the Endowment of the said Fifty new Churches.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Frajicis Child took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Francis Child reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him toreport, when the House will please to receivethe fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 22.

Mercurii, 2 6die;

Anno 6° Georgii IIdl Regis 1733.

Prayers.

SI R Francis Child, according to Order, reported from oid-stree* the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Churrh Bill for providing a Maintenance for the Rector of the Minister’* new Church near Old-street, in the Parish 6f St. Giles,

Cripplegate; and for making that part of the said Parish, which is called the Lordship Part, a distinct Parish; and for impowering the Commissioners, for Building of the Fifty new Churches, to apply a Sum of Money to wall in the said Church and Church-yard; and to erect a House for the Habitation of the Rector of the said Church, out of the Money appropriated for the Endowment of the said Fifty new Churches; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had'directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabte: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the present Parish Clerk, of the Parish of St. Giles Cri/)-plegate, shall he Parish Clerk of the new intended Parish; and shall receive the Fees and Profits, belonging to the said Clerk, within the Parish; and shall have Power to act by a Deputy; so as such Deputy be a Person of sober Life and Conversation.

And the said Clause was twice' read, with Blnnks; which were filled up; and then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of th e Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

That, after the said Clerk’s Place, of the said old Parish,

shall next become vacant, by the Death or Resignation of the present Clerk, the Rest or of the new Parish, for the Time being, shall pay a certain Sum, yearly, to the then Vicar of the Old Parish of St. Giles's, Cripplegatef and hisSuccessors, for ever, without any Deduction, or Abatement, for Taxes, or otherwise, whatsoever.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up; and then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill;

And another Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thurston, and Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Amendments, made by their Lord- Wales!*1 ships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrests, and for the more ealy recovery of Debts and Damages in the Courts of Great Sessions in the Principality of Wales, and in the Court of Assize in the County Palatine of Chester; and for the obviating a Doubt which has arisen upon an Act, made in the Fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act that all Proceedings in Courts of Justice within that Part of Great Britain called Eng-ted, and in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, shall be in the English Language, so far as the same Act doth or may relate to the Courts of Justice holden within the said Principality; with an Amendment to One of the Amendments made by this House: To which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for i

settling the Estate of Thomas Bawlry, lateof Foftontm the at?*

County of York, Esquire, deceased, in his Surname and Blood; and for making his Will more effectual for that Purpose;

i3 a* — 3'

Purpose: To \vhidh the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Vexatious The House proceeded to take into Consideration the ^(vaJeiiU Arriehdment, made by the Lords to One of the Amendments, made by this House, to the Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the rhore effectual preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrests, and for the more eafv Recovery of Debts and Damages in the Courts of Great Sessions in the Principality of Wales; and in the Court of Afltee in the County Palatine of Chester; and for the obviating a Doubt which has arisen upon an Act, made in the Fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act that all Proceedings in Courts of Justice, within that Part of Great Britain called England, and in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, shall be in the English Language, so far as the same Act doth or may relate to the Courts of Justice holden within the said Principality:

And the said Amendment was read; and is as follows; viz.

After the Amendment, made by the Commons, in the gth Line of Clause A, added by the Lords, add and that the several Officers in the several Offices of "the King's, and Lord Treasurers Remembrancer;

44 and in the Offices of the Clerk of the Pipe, and the Clerk of Estreats, in his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, shall and may write, and send out in Process,

44 for his Majesty's Service, Rolls, or Schedules, of all 46 such Debts as have been forfeited, and became due and owing, to his said Majesty, before the said 25th 44 Day of March 1733, in the same manner they used to do; provided the Writ, or Process, to be annexed to the said Rolls, or Schedules, shall be in the English Tangue, and in a common legible Hand, and according to the Direction of the said recited Act."

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Bcvan do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hatn agreed to the said Amendment.

Regulating Mr. Thomas Toxver presented to the House, accord-Junes, See. ing Order, a Bill for making perpetual the several Acts therein mentioned, for the better Regulation of Juries; and for continuing the Act for regulating the Manufacture of Cloth, in the West Riding of the County of York, except a Clause therein contained; and for continuing an Act for the more effectual punching wicked and evil-disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and to prevent the cutting, or breaking down, the Bank of any River, or any Sea Bank; and for continuing an Act, made in the 13th and 14th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second; and for reviving and continuing Two other Acts for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England: And the same was received; and read the First time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Church A Bill for settling Rates for the better repairing of Rates. Churches and Chapels, and providing Ornaments for the fame, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sinking The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Tunth resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Application of the growing Produce of the Sinking Fund;

1 Mail 1733.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Proceeding! resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; upon the Bill for the better regulating the Proceedings of Ecclesiastical Cotuts within that Part of Great Britain called England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed;

- Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morri-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill:

The other Order of the Day being read, for th6 Dee Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill to recover and pre- Navigation* serve the Navigation of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester;

The Counsel for and against; the said Bill, were called in:

And the Bill was read the Third time.

And the Petition of Robert Dixon, Daniel Danvers, and Thomas Cockjliut, Merchants, residing in, and trading to and from, the Town and Port of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many other Merchants and Traders to and from the said Town and Port o(Liverpool, against the said Bill, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard; and examined several Witnesses, and went through their Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Bill were heard; and examined several Witnesses, and went through their Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard by way of Reply.

And the Counsel being withdrawn;

Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, being a Provisoe to save the Right of Sir John Glynn, and the other Owners of Lands, lying on the South Side of the Channel of the River Dee.

And it appearing to the House, That the same Clause was originally in the Bill, but left out by an Amendment made by the Committee, to whom the Bill was committed;

The said Clause was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

An Amendment was proposed to be made; viz.

Press 5. L. 2. To leave out these Words, "Nathanael Kinderley, his

And the same was, upon the Question put there* upon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas so forth.

'"*«. {S} "

Tellers for llie Noes, { } so.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be. An Act to recover and preserve the Navigatiou of the River Deey in the County Palatine of Chester.

Ordered, That the Lord Malpas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

yovis, 30 die Man;

Anno 6° Georgii IIdI Regis, 1733-Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bawtry’g for settling the Estate of Thomas Bawtry, late of Eftute. Fojtoiiy in the County of York, Esquire, deceased, in

L

6 Geo. II. 30 Ma 137

his Surname and Blood, and making his Will more effectual for that Purpose, was read the Firli time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Lamotte’s The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled.

An Act to naturalize Jean Lagier Laifiotte:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follows; viz.

Press i.L. 1. Leave out " beseecheth," and insert " beseech

L. 6. After "Geneve insert " and George " Godfried Hafenfeller, Son of Godfried HafenfeUer, by " Margretta his Wife, born at Dorpat, in the Province u of Livonia

L. 8. Leave out " his/1 and insert " their L. 16. Leave out " he/* and insert " they L. 17. After " Lamotte insert " and George tf Godfried Hafenfellerand, in the same Line, leave out "is,"and insert "are:"

1 L. 20. Leave out " a

L. 21. Leave out "Subject," and insert

" Subjects

L. 22. Leave out " he is," and insert " they

"are:"

L. 26. Leave out " he," and insert " they and, in the same Line, after " born," leave out " a;" and in the same Line, also leave out " Subject," and insert "Subjects:"

I L. 30. Leave out " he," and insert "they;"

: and, in the same Line, after " Lamotte," insert " and

" George Godfried Hafenfeller:"

L. 31. Leave out " is," and insert " are:"

L. 41. Leave out " his," and insert " their:"

L. 42. Leave out " his," and insert " their:" Press 2. L. 5. Leave out " him," and insert " them:"

L. 8. Leave out " he," and insert " they :"

L. 14. Leave out "he," and insert "they:"

| L. 19. Leave out " he," and insert " they :"

L. 20. After " Lamottef insert " and George " Godfried Hafenfeller

L. 22. Leave out "a;" and, in the same Line, leave out " Subject," and insert " Subjects:"

IL. 30. Leave out " he," and insert " they ;" and, in the same Line, after " Lamottef insert "and " George Godfried Hafenfeller, or either of them :"

L. 37. Leave out "himself," and insert

f " themselves:"

| L. 38. Leave out " him," and insert " them,

I or either of them

I At the End of the Title, add " and George Godfried

I "Hafenfeller"

I The said Amendments, being severally read a Second

j time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

[agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Lane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Wthgow An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Duty of Two Town Debts. Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and fold within the Town of Linlithgow, and Liberties thereof, in the County of West Lothiari, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and fold within the Town of Linlithgow, and Liberties thereof, in the County of West Lothian, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Murray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

f: Cflwterfnting Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Hdufe Broad to refdlve itself into a Committee of the whole House, PlecM’ Vol.22.

upon the Bill to prevent the coining or counterfeiting any of the Gold Coins commonly called Broad Pieces, be now read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conduit took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conduit reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- ments thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Regulation of Thames Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames, was read au<1

the Third time. f BallaftaS*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilmington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being moved, That Leave be given to Norton'* bring in a Bill to enable proper Persons to propound certain Papers importing to be the last Will, Codicils, and Testamentary Schedules, of Richard Nortdn, late of Southwick, in the County of Southampton, Esquire, deceased, in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, and to sue for Administration, with the same annexed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That his Majesty had commanded him tofignify to the House his Majesty’s Consent, that they may do, in this Matter, what they shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable proper Persons to propound certain Papers, importing to be the last Will, Codicils, and Testamentary Schedules, of Richard Norton, late of Southwick, in the County of Southampton, Esquire, deceased, in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury; and to sue for Administration, with the same annexed: And that Mr. Attorney General and Mr. Solicitor General do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House, according to Order, resumed the further Charitable Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to Corporation, whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the charitable Corporation for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in a General Court, was referred.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to direct his Attorney General forthwith to prosecute, in the most effectual manner, Sir Archibald Grant Baronet, One of the late Committee for managing the Affairs of the charitable Corporation; William Burroughs, Esquire,

One other of the said late Committee; William Squire,

One of the late Assistants for managing the Affairs of the said Corporation; George Robinson Esquire, late Circulating Cashier to the said Corporation; Richard Woolley and Thomas Warren, Brokers and Assistants to John Thomson, late Warehouse-keeper to the said Corporation; for the indirect and fraudulent Practices committed by them in relation to the Affairs of the said Corporation.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- charitable ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Corporation — to consider of Methods for the Relief of such of the Sufferers in the charitable Corporation as are Objects of Compassion.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Restraining further restrainingSir Archibald Grant Bayonet, William Su- A.Grant, Burroughs Esquire, William Squire, George Robinson, j^v^g^he N n Richard Kingdom.

Duke of Atholl’s Title.

Alton Magna Inclosure.

Enfield, &c. Roads.

Division of Belialanda Monastery.

Ditto.

Answer to Address.

138 30 — 4 0 M A. 1733.

Richard Woolley, Thomas Warren, from going out of this Kingdom, and to prevent their transporting or alienating their Estates or Effects: And that the Lord Tyrconnel, Mr. Neale, Mr. Earle, and Colonel Bladen, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 40 die Maii;

' Anno 6* Georgii IIdI Regis, 1733.

Praters.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for vesting the Honour and Estate of JoknDvke of Atkoll in James Murray Esquire, commonly called Lord James Murray, after the Death of the said Duke, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Hamlet of Aston Magna, in the Parish of Blockley, in the County of Worcester, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, from the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford, and to the great Bridge in Ware, in the County of Hertford; and for amending the Road from the said great Bridge, to the South End of the great Bridge at Wadesmill, and from the great Road at Cheshunt, to the West End of Small Lea Bridge, in the said County of Hertford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing the Site of the late dissolved Monatlery of Belialanda, alias Byland, and divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of York, amongst Thomas Holies Duke of Newcastle, Philip Dormer Earl of Cheferfield, and GervafeScrope Esquire, in the manner therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dividing the Site of the late dissolved Monastery of Belialanda, alias Byland, and divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of York, amongst Thomas HollesDuke of Newcastle, Philip Dormer Earl of Chesterfield, and Gervafe Scrope Esquire, in the manner therein mentioned, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday, That his Majesty would-be graciously pleased to direct his Attorney General forthwith to prosecute, in the most effectual manner, Sir Archibald Grant Baronet, one of the late Committee for managing the Affairs of the charitable Corporation; William Burroughs Esquire, one other of the said Committee; William Squire, one of the late Assistants for managing the Affairs of the said Corporation; George Robinson Esquire, late Circulating Cashier to the said Corporation; Richard Woolley and Thomas Warren, Brokers, and Assistants to John Thomson, late Warehousekeeper to the said Corporation; for the indirect and fraudulent Practices committed by them, in relation to the Affairs of the said Corporation; had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will direct his Attorney General accordingly.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Sinking to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ua to consider of the Application of the Growing Produce of the Sinking Fund, be now read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That t he Surplusses stated at Lady-day 1732 be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Surplusses stated at Michaelmas 1732 be referred to the said Committee,

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they haffdirested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for providing a Maintenance for oid-street the Rector of the new Church near Old-street, in the Church Parish of St. Giles, Cripplegate; and for making that Minifies Part of the said Parish, which is called the Lordship na^lcuete’ Part, a distinct Parish; and for impowering the Commissioners for Building of the Fifty new Churches to apply a Sum of Money to wall in the said Church and Church-yard; and to erect a House for the Habitation of the Rector of the said Church, out of the Money appropriated for the Endowment of the said Fifty new Churches; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for providing a Maintenance for the Rector of the new Church near Old-street, in the Parish of St.

Giles, Cripplegate; and for making that Part of the said Parish, which is called the Lord ship Part, a distinct Parish; and for impowering the Commissioners for Building of the Fifty new Churches to apply a Sum of Money to wall in the said Church and Church-yard; and to erect a House, for the Habitation of the Rector of the said Church, out of the Money appropriated for the Endowment of the said Fifty new Churches.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Child do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Jmfien’s That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Estate. Act for vesting in Sir Theodore Jar (fen Knight and Baronet, and his Heirs, the Remainder in Fee-simple, now

in the Crown, expectant on the Determination of certain Estates Tail of and in the Manor and Advowson of Ozver Maigne, in the County of Dorset, and several Lands and Hereditamentsjto the same Manor belonging, be read the First time;

It passed in the Negative, Nemine contradicente.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the said Bill be rejected.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Aldam for explaining and amending Part of an Act, made in and.Bfoyne the Second year of the Reign of his present Majesty, nc 0 ure* intituled, An Act for inclosing Aldam and Boyne Commons, belongin g to the Parish of Hadleigh, in the County of Suffolk, for the better Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bramflon,

Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Treby, Mr. For, Lord Vere Beauclerk, Mr. Comptroller, Colonel Read, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Burton, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Cunningham,

Lord Wallingford, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Harley,

Mr. Winford, Mr. Ward, Mr. Lyjler, Sir James Campbell, Sir John Coryton, Mr. Compton, Mr. Hilton, Mr.

Harvey, Mr. Fenwick, Sir Robert Kemp, Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Crosse, Mr. Towers, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Bevan, Mr.

Lloyd, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Roger Meredith, Sir Francis Child, Mr Palmer, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Jessop, Mr.

Glanville,

6 Geo. II. 4" — 7°

Glanville, Sir Orl. Bridgman, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Digby, Mr. Williams, Mr. Conduit, Sir Robert Monroe, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Tilfon, Lord Tyrconnel, Mr. Hales, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Wright, Mr. Masters; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

fcit. Mr. Conduit, according to Order, reported from the

[oad Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent the coining or counterfeiting any of the Gold Coins commonly called Broad Pieces, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, With the Amendments, in in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

,^ial;ng A Bill for making perpetual the several Acts therein janes, mentioned, for the better Regulation of Juries; and for continuing the Act for regulating the Manufacture of Cloth in the West Riding of the County of York, ex-, ceptaClause therein contained; and for continuing an Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or any Sea Bank; and for continuing an Act, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second; and for reviving and continuing Two other Acts for preventingTheftandRapineupon the Northern Borders of England; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tower, Sir Nathanael Curzon, S\\' James Campbell, Mr. Harley,

" Mr. Prams ton, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Glanville, Sir Wm. Middleton, Lord Morpeth, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Byng, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Ashe, Mr. Thompson, Lord Harvey, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, u SwGeo.Saville, Mr. Crosse, Lord Micklethwaite, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Earle, Mr. Vaughan, Sir William Lowther, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Brookjbank, Sir Orl. Bridgman, Mr. Christo. Tower, Mr. Philips, Mr. Crispe, Mr, Heathcote, Mr. Ramsden, Mr. Compton, Mr. jSevan, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Burton, Mr. Martin; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

tan for ' The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself McMt into a Committee of the whole House, to consider the of Cnauals. LaWS jn being with respect to the Punishment of Criminals, and how the same may be made more effectual, being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon 77/urfday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself

into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Fiery, into a Committee of the whole House, to consider the State of the Whale Fishery carried on by Ins Majesty’s British Subjects, being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Charitable The other Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Sofferw*. Methods for the Relief of such of the Sufferers in the

Vol. 22.

Mali. 139

charitable Corporation as are Objects of Comp^flion, being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the charitable Corporation for Relief of industrious Poor, by affilling them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in a General Court, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report of the Commissioners appointed for taking, Bating, and determining, the Claims of the Creditors and Proprietors of the charitable Corporation, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Bladen took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Bladen reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Committee who are appointed to Fraudsinthe inquire into the Frauds and Abuses in the Customs, to Customs. the Prejudice of Trade, and Diminution of the Revenue, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luruz, 70 die Mali;

Anno 6° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1733.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas Benuet and Mr. Elde:

M r. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for choimondeiey'f vesting Part of the Estate of Charles Cholmondeley' Estate. Esquire, in the County of Chester, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Money for the Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sugar for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of Colonies, his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bridewdl for filling up such Part of the Chanel oi Bridewell Dock, and Dock, and fleet Ditch, as lies between Ilolborn Bridge Fleet Ditch, and Fleet Bridge; and for converting the Ground, when filled up, to the Use of the City of London; with feme Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported Sinking from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Fund, was referred to consider of the Application of the growing Produce of the Sinking Fund, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, out of the Monies arisen, or to arise, for the Sur-plusses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, commonly called the Sinking Fund, there be issued and paid to the South Sea Company the Sum of OnQ Million, in Part of that Moiety of their whole increased Capital, as (being divided in pursuance of an Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First) now remains the Joint Stock of South Sea Annuities;

and

Bridewell Dock and Fleet Ditch.

Bastard

Children.

140

f Mail 1733.

and for redeeming a proportionable Part of the Annuities attending thereon.

The said Rf solution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolution of the House of the 26th Day of February last, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, out of such Monies as have arisen for the Surpluses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, commonly called the Sinking Fund, over and above what hath been applied to the Payment of One Million, towards discharging the National Debt, pursuant to an Act of the Iall Session of Parliament; That they do insert, in the said Bill, a Clause, or Clauses, pursuant to this Resolution.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for filling up such Part of the Chanel of Bridewell Dock and Fleet Ditch, as lies between Holborn Bridge and Fleet Bridge; and forconverting the Ground, when filled up, to the Use of the City of London.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follows; viz.

Press 2. L. 27. Leave out " wherewith," and, instead thereof, insert "where;"

Pness 3. L. 24. After " Houses," insert " Sheds, or " other Buildings whatsoever

L. 25. After "aforesaid," insert "Saving u to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and " Successors, and to all and every other Person and " Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and " their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators; all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claims,

" and Demands, of, in, to, and out of, the Premises " hereby vested in the said Mayor, Commonalty, and " Citizens, of the City of London, as they, every or any €e of them, had before the passing this Act, or might " have had and enjoyed in case this Act had not been " made."

The First Amendment being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second Amendment being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by adding, after the Word " whatsoever^" these Words, " exceeding Fifteen Feet in Height, from the " Level of the Ground to the Pitch of the Roof

And the same Was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Second Amendment, so amended.

The last Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir John Eyles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lordships, with an Amendment to One of them; To which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordlliips.

Mr. Ovlebar reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual indemnifying and securing Parishes, and other Places, from such Charges as may arise from Ballard Children born within the same, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they l\ad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And some Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Regulating to whom the Bill for making perpetual the several Acts Juries, &c. therein mentioned, for the better Regulation of Juries; and for continuing the Act for regulating the Manufacture of Cloth in the West Riding of the County of York, except a Clause therein contained; and for continuing an Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or any Sea Bank; and for continuing an Act, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second; and for reviving and con- . tinuing Two other Acts for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England; is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause to prevent the unlawful and malicious cutting of Hop Binds upon the Poles in any Plantation of Hops.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Choimondeieys for veiling Part of the Estate of Charles Cholmondeley Estate- Esquire, in the County of Chester, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Money for the Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Ways into a Committee of the whole House, toconlider further an(l Means, of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Rudd's Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Divorce. Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir John Rudd Baronet with Lettice Vaughan, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Campbell of Pembrokefiire took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Campbell of Pembrokefiire reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel and Evidence for the Bill, and that no Person appeared against it; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Whale Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Fishery, whole House, to consider the State of the Whale Fishery carried on by his Majesty’s British Subjects.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Peebles Privileges and Elections, touching the Election and Election. Return for the County of Peebles, be received upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

6 Geo. It

§° Ma

*4*

Martis, 8* die Anno 6* Georgii II® Regis, 1733. Prayers.

Sikoflandi in

Chritopher'i.

" Ti/TR. Clayton, from the Commissioners for executing phcr’i, JLVX the Office of Treasuret of the Exchequer, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, a Copy of the Commission to Gilbert Fleming Esquire to.fell the Residue of the Lands in St. Christophers, dated 12th October 1731: And also,

An Account of Sales of Lartds in St. Christophers, dated March 27th, 1733: And also,

A further Account of Sales of Lands in St. Christopher s, dated 30th March 1733: And also,

A Copy of the Report made to the commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, by his Majesty’s Attorney and Solicitor General, relating to the Method of Grants to be made to the Purchasers of Lands in the Island of St. Christophers: And also,

An Account of what Money is remaihing in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, arisen by the Sale of Lands in the Island of St. Christopher9s; together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule w as read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie lipon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up With the other Papers of this Session.

Birifion of An irigrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A£1 Malanda for dividing the Site of the late difiolved Monastery of MontTtery. jMlalanda, alias Byland, and divers Meflliages, Land's and Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of York, amongst Thomas Holies Duke of Newcastle, Philip Dormer Earl of Chesterfield, and Geroafe Scrope Esquire, in the manner therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir JVm. Stanhope, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Charles Stanhope, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Pelham, Colonel Mordaunt, Mr. Long uevi lie, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Wollaston, Mr. Turner, Mr. Earle, Sir Richard Lane, Doctor Lee, Mr. Williams, Mr. Cunningham, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Potenger, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Burton, Mr. Ccefar, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Waller, Mr Lawson, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Rennet, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Harley, Mr. Bacon, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir James Grant, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Treby, Mr. Burchett, Captain Evans, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Holland, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Conduit, Sir James Nasmith, Colonel Middleton, Sir 0/7. Bridgman, Mr. Croicle, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Knight, Mr. Philips, Mr. Owen, Mr. Tilfon; and all the Members that serve for the County of York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Afifc for ite‘ settling the Estate of Thomas Bawtry, late of Poston, in the County of York, Esquire, deceased, in his Surname and Blood, and making his Will more effectual for that Purpose, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Hynd Cotton, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Harley, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Charles Stanhope, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Hall, Mr. Kemp, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Ducket, Mr. Laxcfon, Sir Nicholas Williams, Sir James Grant, Mr. Longueville, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Shutileworth, Sir John Bruce, Sir Geo. Mackenzie, Mr. Plummer, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Rmney, Mr. Crosse, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Philips, Mr. Packer, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Owen, Sir Wm. Stanhope, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Earle, Sir Richard

&Mr. Potenger, Mr. Williams, Mr. Parsons, Mr.

r, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Burchett, Captain Evans, )irj)ngley9 Mr. Holland\ Sir Charles Turner, Mr* Scrope, Vol.22.

Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Bladen, Sir Jamet Nasmith, Mr. Ccefar, Colonel Middleton, Sir Orl. Bridgman, Mr. Cr6wle\ Mr. Mordaunt, Mr. Wollaston,

Mr. Herbert, Mr. Leigh, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Knight, Mr. Burton, Mr. Tilfon; and all the Members that serve for the County of York: And they are to meet this Aftefnboh at Ffte of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Wilfrid Laxcfon reported from the Committee, to tvhom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled; Ari J dtc* Act to enable Thomas Erie Draw Esquire, ari Infaiit, and others, to grant Leases of several Manors arid Lands in the County of Wilts, in such manner as is therein mentioned, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, Without, any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk s Table.

Ari ingrossed Bill to prevent the coining or counterfeit- Counterfeit' ing any of the Gold Coins commonly called Broad Pieces, inS Rro*d Was read the Third time: Pieces.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to prevent the coining or counterfeiting any of the Gold Coins commonly called Broad Pieces.

Ordered, That Mr. Conduit do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence:

Mr. Plumtre, from the Committee, to whom the Pe- York tition of the Proprietors of the Stock of the Governor Rml(,;nS* and Company for raising the Thames Water in York omPdu?’* Buildings, afletnbled in their General Court held at their House in // inchester-street, the Twelfth Day of January 1732, is referred, acquainted the House, That the Committee had agreed upon a Report to be made to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Coloriel Bladen, according to Order, reported frorri Charitable the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was Corporation5 referred to consider of Methods for the Relief of such of ^Jrfers the Sufferers in the charitable Corporation as are Objects ‘ of Compassion, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

1 ft, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Proprietors of Shares, Notes, or Bonds, of the charitable Corporation, whole Liiatcs, exclusive of their said Shares, Notes, and Bonds, does not exceed Five thousand Pounds, are proper Objects of Cornpaflion.

2d, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Persons concerned as Committee-men or Afliliants of the charitable Corporation, from the Twenty-sixth of October 1725 to Michaelmas 1731, are Objects of Compassion, except the honourable Walter Molesworth Esquire.

3d, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That John Thomfrn, George Robinson, Richard Woolley, and Thomas Warren, are not Objects of Compassion.

4th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Relief to be given to such of the Sufferers in the charitable Corporation, as are Objects of Compassion, be by w'ay of Lottery, for a Sum not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said O o Resolution,

142

d. 1735-

Resolution, by leaving out the Word c‘ from," and inferring, instead thereof, the Words " at any time be-4< tween:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by leaving out the word " to, M and inserting, instead thereof, the Word " and

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by adding, at the End thereof, thele Words, " and John Torriano Esquire

And the Question being put, That these Words be added;

It paised in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by.adding, at the End thereof, thele "Words, " and (Vm^Aiflabie Esquire

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Relblutiou, so amended, That no Persons concerned as Committee-men or Assistants of the charitable Corporation, at any time between the Twenty-sixth of October 1725 and Michaelmas 1731, are Objects of Companion, except the honourable (Falter Molefcorth Esquire, and William Aijlabic Esquire.

The Third Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The last Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Relief to be given to such of the Sufferers in the charitable Corporation, as are Objects of Compassion, be by way of Lottery, for a Sum not exceeding Five hundred thou fund Pounds;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Majesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House for his gracious Communication of the intended Marriage between the Princefe Royal, and the Prince ot Orange, to express the Satisfaction of this House at the happy Prospectof an Alliance, which will tend very ihuch to the . further Security of the Protestant Succession to the Crown of thele Realms, and to the Protestant Intereli in Europe1; and to allure his Majesty, That this House will enter into the immediate Consideration of this important Affair, iii such a manner as shall demonstrate the Zeal, Duty, and Affection of this House to his Majesty, a jult Sense of the singular Merit, and eminent Virtues, of the Princefe Royal, and a due Regard for supporting, with Honour and Dignity, her Royal Highnefe in that illustrious House, which hits procured to this Nation the most inestimable Blessings.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Addrefe, to be presented to his Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Bromley, Mr. Fox, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, \Ir. Solicitor General, Mr. Pultency, Lord Bateman, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Neale, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Scrape, Sir Paul Methuen, Mr. A (he, lord Gltnorchy, Matter of the Rolls, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Walpole, Sir Charles Turner, Colonel Bladen, Colonel Campbell, Sir Charles Hot ham, Mr. (Father, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Conduit, Lord LimerickSir John Barnard, Sir Wilfrid Laujfon, Mr. Heath cote, Mr. Plummer, Lord Htrvey: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty s most gracious Message be referred to the said Committee.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

llcfolved, That this lloule will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better repairing of Churches and Chapels, and providing Ornaments for the lame.

Tellers for the Yeas, {

Tellers for the Noes, {

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-fuaut to the said Resolutions: And that Colonel Bladen, the Lord Tyrconnel, Sir Charles (Fager, Mr. Whitworth, Sir William Yonge, Mr. 1Vinnington, and Mr. Neale, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Marriage of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, Pmucfs That he had a Message from his Majesty to this House, l%al. signed by his Majesty: And he delivered the same to Mr. Speaker; who read the same to the House.

And the said Message is as follows; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty having received from the Prince of Orange Proposals for a Treaty of Marriage between the Princefe Royal and the said Prince; and his Majesty having been pleated favourably to accept the Instances made by the Prince; his Highnefe has font over a Minister, instructed and authorized with full Powers, to treat of and conclude the Articles of Marriage: His Majesty has therefore thought it proper to communicate this important Affair to this House; and, as he makes no doubt but this Marriage will be to the general Satisfaction of all his good Subjects, he promises himself the Concurrence and A Alliance of this House, in enabling him to give such a Portion to his eldest Daughter, as shall be suitable to the - present Occasion, and may contribute towards supporting with Honour and Dignity an Alliance that will tend lb much to the further Security of the Protestant Succession to the Crown of these Realms, and to the Protestant Interest in Europe.

Resolved, That an humble Addrefe be presented to his

*5

] 209-w-

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better regulating the Proceedings of Ecclesiastical Courts within that Part of Great Britaiji called England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. John Bennet and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming an Exchange agreed to be made between William Earl Coxcper, and Sir George Oxenden Baronet, of certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Kent: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates off Antony Henley Esquire in Truste&s, to be sold, for Discharge ot' the several Debts and Incumbrances affecting the feme; and for making a further separate ProvisioU for the Lady Elizabeth his Wife, during their joint Lives: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lord* have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act for laying a Duty on compound Waters or Spirits, and for licensing the Retailers thereof; and for determining certain Duties on French Brandy, and for granting other Duties in lied thereof; and for enforcing the Laws for preventing the Running of Brant-dies; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir James Lowther presented to the House, according fc Order, a Bill to enable the South Sea Company to con* vert Part of their capital Stock into Annuities, redeemable

b)

Church

Rates.

Proceedings of EccleHaiti cal Courts.

Earl

Cowper’s,

&e.

Exchange.

Henley’s

Eftafe.

Supply Bill Duties on compound Waters.

South Sea Company.

S Geo. ir. 8’ — 9"

by Parliament; and for making the remaining Part the trading Stock: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Sir James Loxvther have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly. And,

A Bill to enable the South Sea Company to convert Part of their capital Stock into Annuities, redeemable by Parliament; and for making the remaining Part the trading Stock; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time;

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney have Leave to make a Motion.

& And he moved the House accordingly. And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Antony Henley Esquire in Trustees, to be sold, for Discharge of the several Debts and Incumbrances aftecting the same; and for making a further separate Provision for the Lady Elizabeth his Wife,' during their joint Lives; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Hjiriageof Mr. Henry Bromley reported from the Committee Pnocefs appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to his Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had direfiled him to report’ to the House: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards deliiered it in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled return your Majesty our most dutiful Thanks for being graciously pleased to communicate to us your Royal Intentions of concluding a Marriage between the Prineefs Royal and the Prince of Orange.

The happy ProspeQ; of seeing this Alliance entered into, and concluded, with a Prince whose Family has always distinguished itself in support of the Protestant Religion, and in Defence of the Liberties of Europe, gives us the greatest Satisfaction: We remember, with Gratitude, the great and infinite Benefits procured to this Nation by that illustrious House; and we cannot but promise ourselves a farther Security to the Protestant Succession to the Crown of thelb Realms, from the Renewal of that Union which gave Birth to, and laid the Foundation of, this inestimable Blessing.

And we beg Leave to allure your Majesty, that, to demonstrate our Duty, Zeal, and Affection, to your Majesty, and to testify the just Sense we have of the singular Merits, and eminent Virtues, of the Princds Royal, we will enable your Majesty to give her such a Portion, as may conduce to her future Happiness, and to the supporting her Royal Highness with Honour and Dignity.

The said Address, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.:

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know his Majesty’s Pleasure, when be will be attended by this House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, rfcfolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take his Majesty’s most gracious MefTage into Consideration.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Meredith have Leave tp make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly. And,

E»rl An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act £*Ac. for confirming an Exchange agreed to be made between Dge* William Earl Cowpe?yand Sir George Oxenden Baronet, of certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of , Kent, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Vol. 22,

MaiL

*43

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Nine of the Clock.

Morning,

Mercurii, 90 die Mail;

Anno 6° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1733.

PtlAYBHS.

TV/fR. Comptroller reported to the House, That his The King JlVJL Majesty having been waited upon; pursuant to s*Pl,omtsto the Order of Yesterday, humbly to know when he would eallei1 ct* be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, at his Palace of St. James.

Drax’s

senate.

Act ingtofied BilllVom the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Erie Drax Esquire, an Infant, and others, to grant LeafeS of several Manors and Lands, in the County of Wilts, iii such manner as is ^herein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Wilfrid Lawson do carry the Bill \ to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Thomas Torcer reported from the Committee, to Herniating whom the Bill for making perpetual the several Acts Junfe3' &c* therein mentioned, for the better Regulation of Juries; and for continuing the Act for regulating the Manufacture of Cloth, in the West Riding in the County of York, except a Clause therein contained; and for continuing an Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed Persons going armed in Diiguifc, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or any Sea Bank; and for continuing an Act, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second; and for reviving and continuing Two other Acts for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; anJ afterwards delivered ~ the Bill* with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table;

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them; agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Rudd’® to dissolve the Marriage of Sir John Rudd Baronet, with Divorce. Lettice Vaughan, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Campbell of Pembrokeshire do carry the BiH to the Lords, and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Plumptre, according to Order, reported from the York Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of Buildings the i&tock of the Governor and Company for raising the Company. Thames Water in York Buildings, alTembied in their General Court held ar their House in Winchester-street, the Twelfth Day of January 1732, was referred, That the Committee had agreed upon a Report of their Proceed ings, which they had directed him to make; and he reau the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table, together with an Appendix thereunto.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House M srriage of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Pnucess take his Majesty’s most gracious Message into Confide-

ration, be now read.

And

Supply.

Whale Fi tliery.

Church

Rates.

Proceedings of Ecclesiastical Courts.

Yarmouth

Writ.

Privilege.

And the fam£ being read accordingly ,*

Ordered, That the Account of what Money is remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty s Exchequer, arisen by the Sale of Lands in the Island of St. Christopher's, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into thte laid Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair*

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair*

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty*

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider the State of the Whale Fishery carried on by his Majesty *s British Subjects.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Repairing of Churches and Chapels, and providing Ornaments for the fame*

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better regulating the Proceedings of Ecclesiastical Courts within that Part of Great Britain called England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Bcnvick upon Tweed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough oi Yarmouth, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Maurice Morgan Esquire, deceased.

Complaint being made to the House, That Jonathan Evmdon, of London, Attorney at Law, John Ellithorne, his Servant, and other Persons unknown, under the Direction of the said Jonathan Evindon, came, on the Twenty-third of November last, into a Cellar in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, wherein Sir Richard Lane Knight, a Member of this House, and his Servants, were filling up several Hogsheads of Beer, the Property of a Person in the Country, for whom, upon Request, Sir Richard acted as Agent; and, after blowing out the Candles, that they might not be discovered, locked the Door upon, and violently assaulted, him and his Servants, keeping them under Confinement above an Hour; bruised Sir Richard's Hand, with other Injuries; and, by Force and Fraud, got Possession of the said Cellar and Beer, and have ever since detained the fame; in Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

-And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mail. £ 1733*

Jovis, 10 0 die Mail \

Anno 6" Georgii II. Regis, i"33-Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for the more effectual indemnifying Batiard and securing Parishes, and other Places, from such Children! Charges as may arise from Bastard Children born within the lame, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of Parishes, and other Places, from such Charges as may arise from Bastard Children born within the feme.

Ordered, That Mr. Crojfe, do carry the Bill to the!

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to enable the South Sea Company to convert south Set Part of their capital Stock into Annuities, redeemable by Company. Parliament; and for making the remaining Part the trading Stock; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House attended his Answer to

Majesty Yesterday with their Address: To which his Addrefc.

Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer;

J-J*

V

Gentlemen,

I give you my Thanks for this new Instance of your Duty and Affection: Nothing can be more acceptable to me than your great Readinefe in complying with this Demand, and the personal Regard you have shewn to me and my Family.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, phar‘|^n who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pur- Reli^Vof10*1 suant to the Resolutions of the House of the Eighth of Sufferers, this Inliant, That they do bring in a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Mr. Tilfon, from the Commissioners for executing the Earl of Office of Treasurer of the Exchequer, presented to the Derwent* House, pursuant to their Order, a Copy of the Commis- lion appointing Leu'is Elstob and John Watson Esquires,

Receivers of the Rents and Profits of the Estates of James Earl of Derroentwater, deceased: And also,

Copy of the Certificate of the Deputy to the King s Remembrancer, relating to the Security given in the Exchequer by the Receivers of the Estate of James late Earl of Derwentwater, deceased: And also,

An Account of the Proceedings had by the Receivers in collecting and levying the Rents, Issues, and Profits, of the Estate of James late Earl of Derwent water, deceased; And also,

Copy of a Certificate from the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer, of the Money paid in there of the Rents and Profits of the late Earl of Derxventwaters Estate:

And also,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Maddocks, relating to the Money remitted by the said Receivers; together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do l\e upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Bingley’*

enable Eifau.

6 Geo. II.

i o° M

*45

Ipfaich

Wds,

enable the several Persons claiming under the Will or Codicil of Robert late Lord Ringlet/, when they shall be intitled to the Estates comprised therein, or directed to be purchased thereby, to make Leases for Onc-and-tw-enty Years, at the best improved Rents, without taking Fines: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Ud The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Cafilcmain’s enable Richard Child Esquire, commonly called Lord ,4‘nc* Castlemain, and the Heirs of his Body, and such other Persons who, by virtue of a Settlement made by Frederick Tylney Esquire, deceased, shall be in the Possession of the Estates therein limited, to take and use the Surname of Tylney: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Road leading from Ipftvich to Cley don, and the Road called the Pye Road, in the County of Suffolk; and for amending the Roads leading from Yaxley Bull, through Eye, to Lanthorn Green, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual repairing the Roads leading from Wadesmill, in the County of Hertford, to Barley and Royston, in the said County, with feme Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways through the several Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shendley, Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex, with an Amendment: To which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

I Wtlhiill

to iWley k Roads.

1 Si Alban’s k Roads.

Umajtof

W

lijd.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, w ho were to take his Majesty *s most gracious Message into Consideration, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the Bouse; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, out of the Money now remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, arisen by Sale of the Lauds in the Island of St. Christopher's, his Majesty be enabled to apply the Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds, for the Marriage Portion of the Princess Royal.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That it he an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pur-fnant to the Resolution of the House of the 26th Day of Ftbmary last, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, out of such Monies as have arisen for the Surpluses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, commonly called the Sinking Fund, over and above what hath been applied to the payment of One Million, towards dischargitig the national Debt, pursuant to an Act of the last Session of Parliament, that they do prepare, and insert, a Clause therein, pursuant to this Resolution.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Stock of the Governor and Company for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, assembled in their General Vo 1. 22.

Court held at their House in Winchester-street, the Twelfth Day of January 1732, is referred, be now read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report w’as read.

The said Report, and Appendix thereto, being printed, by Order of the House, a printed Copy thereof is bound up in a Volume, containing the several printed Reports of this Session, which is preserved with the other Books belonging to the House; and the ori* ginal Report is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in the Bill for Hating and determining the Demands of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, their Proprietors and Creditors respectively; and for the better securing the Effects belonging to the said Corporation, upon tlMt Debate of the House: And that Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Burton, the Lord Limerick, Mr. Clutterbucke, Mr. Gybbon,

Mr. Knight, Mr. More, Mr. Thomas Tower, and Sir Wilfrid Lawson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Tiverton Edwards: Chapel.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making a Chapel in the Town of Tiverton in the County of Devon, a perpetual Cure; and for providing a- Maintenance for the Ministers who shall officiate therein; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Linlithgow for continuing a Duty of Tw o Penies Scots, or One-sixth Town Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale -L)ebte* and Beer brewed and fold within the Town of Linlithgow, and Liberties thereof, in the County of West Lothian, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and other Purposes therein mentioned, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

A Memorial of the Counsel and Representatives of the Memorial Province of the Massachusets Bay w as presented to the and Pn> House, and read; laying before the House the Difficulties Massachu^ and Distresses they labour under, anting from a royal In- sets Colony struction given to the present Governor of the said Province, in relation to the Issuing and Disposing of the public.k Monies of the said Province; and moving the House to allow their Agent to be heard, by Counsel, upon this Affair; representing also the Difficulties they are under, from a Royal Instruction given, as aforesaid, restraining the Emission of Bills of Credit; and concluding with a Petition, That the House will take their same into Consideration, and become Intercessors for them' with his Majesty, That he would be graciously pleased to withdraw the said Instructions, as contrary to their Charter, and tending, in their owm nature, to distress, if not ruin them.

Resolved, That the Complaint contained in this Memorial and Petition is frivolous and groundless, an high Insult upon his Majesty s Government, and tending to (hake off the Dependency of the said Colony upon this Kingdom, to winch, by Law and Right, they are, and ought to be subject.

Resolved, That the said Memorial and Petition be rejected.

A Complaint being made to the House of the Proceedings of the House of Representatives of the said Province of Massachusets Bay, against Jeremiah Dunbar Esquire, and the Censure passed upon him by the said Representatives, in the Months of December and January last, for giving Evidence in the Session of Parliament preceding the last, before a Committee of this House, to whom a Bill, then depending in this House, for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar

P p Colonies

IO°t — I

Colonies jn America, was committed; and a Paper, printed at Boston, in New England, intituled, "Votes " of the House of Representatives being offered to the jHou(e:

The said Paper was brought up to the Table; and several Paragraphs therein were read; in which the aforementioned Proceedings againllt.he laid Jeremiah Dunbar} apd the Censure passed upon him, are contained.

Jtefqlvcd, Nemine contradicente, That the presuming to call any Person to account, or to pass a Censure upon him, for Evidence given liv such Person before this House, or any Committee thereof, is an audacious Proceeding, and an high violation of the Privileges of this House.

Ordered, That# Committee be appointed to inquire who were the Authors and Abettors of the Proceedings against Jeremiah. Dunbar Esquire, in the House of Representatives of the Massachusets Bay, in the Months of December and January last past, at Bos/on, in New England, on account of Evidence given by the said Jeremiah Dunbar, before a Committee of this House, in the Year -1730.

And it is referred to Mr. Bladen, Mr. Carey, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Wyndfiam, Mr. Ashe, Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Earle, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Walker, Lord Percival, Mr. Clayton, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Croxvle, Mr. Doddington, Lord Glenorchy, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Kclfal, Mr Drummond, Sir John Eyles, Lord Hervey, Mr. Brookfbank, Mr. Granville, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Foe, Sir Or I. Bridgman, Mr. Atinefley, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Row-ncy: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Per-

1 i fons, 1 Papers, and Records.’

Coiotiy of * Ordered, That the Master of the Rolls have Leave to

Georgia. a Motion; it being near'Four of the Clock.

.'uAnd he moved the House accordingly:

--And presented to the Ho ife a Petition of the Trustees for establishing dfe Colony of Georgia in America; which was read; reciting. That his Majesty hath been plealed to take into consideration. That many of his poor Sub-jefjfcs and many Foreigners, who are willing to become . hip. Subjects,- are reduced to great necessitjes, and would gladly be settled in the British Provinces in America; where, by cultivating the Lands, at present waste and desolate', they might not only gain a comfortable Subsistence for themselves and Families, but also strengthen his Majesty’s Colonies, and increase the Trade, Navigation, and Wealth, of Great Britain: And further reciting, That his Majesty, for the more orderly carrying on the ffcid'good purposes, hath, by His Royal Charter, bearing pate the Ninth Day of June, Anno Domini 173,2, con-ftStuted a Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America; and hath granted unto the said Trustees, and their Successors, for ever, certain Lands and Territories in South Cai'olina, in Trust, for establishing the said Colony; and hath erected the same into an independent Province, by the Name of Georgia; and thereby ini-powered the said Trustees to take Subscriptions, and to gather and collet such Monies as should, by any Person or Persons, be contributed; which said Trustees, are, at their owp desire, restrained, by Clauses in the Charter, from receiving any Salary, Fee, or Profit, whatsoever: And letting forth, that many Saltzburghers, and other persecuted and distressed Protestants, would be glad to go and settle in the said Province of Georgia, where they may find, under his Majesty’s Protection, an Alylumfrom Perfection and arbitrary Power; but are unable, at their own Charges, to transport themselves thither; and that, as the settling them there, will be a Charity highly becoming this Profestant Kingdom, the employing them in raising rough Materials for several of our most useful Manufactures, with which none of our Plantations, at present, supply us, will be of great service to the Trade of this Nation, increase the Number of His Majesty’s Sub-

1 Mail. A. 1733.

jests, and give further Employment to our Poor at home; and that the Petitioners, notwithstanding the Benefa6tions of many well-disposed and charitable People, find themselves unable to lend over any Number of the said dif* tressed Protestants, without the Assistance of Parliament:

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Relief therein as this House shall think meet,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House,

That his Majesty being informed of the Contents of the said Petition, had been pleased to command him to acquaint this House, That his Majesty recommends it to their Consideration, to make such Provision in the Premises as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Mr. Solicitor General prefen ted to the House, accord- Nr wtnn’s ing to Order, a Bill to enable proper Persons to pro- WW-pound certain Papers, importing to be the last Will, Codicils, and Testamentary Schedules, of Richard Norton, late of Southwick, in the County of Southampton, Esquire, deceased, in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, and to sue for Administration, with the same annexed:

And the said Bill was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly. And

A Bill to enable proper Persons to propound certain Papers, importing to be the last Will, Codicils, and Testamentary Schedules, of Rickard. Norton, late of Southwick, in the County of Southampton, Esquire, deceased, in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, and to sue for Administration, with the same annexed, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Proceeds into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better regulating the Proceedings of ecclesiastical tica °U Courts, within that Part of Great Britain called England,

Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, was read:

But it appearing, that there were not Forty Members present;

The House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning,

Nine of the Clock.

Verier is) 11° die Maii;

Anno 6® Georgii IIdi Regis, 1733.

Prayers.

MR.' Bramflon reported . from the Committee to Aldha whom the ingrplied Bill from the Lords, intituled, i:; An Act for explaining and amending part of an Act, , KH made in the Second Year of the Reign of his Majesty, intituled, An Act for inclosing Aldlutm and Boyne Commons, belonging to the Parish oi-Hadleig.fi, in the County of Suffolk, for the better Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill* and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their (Contents to the fame, to the latisladion of die Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to* report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The laid Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An

6 6eo. IL 14° Maii. 14

Choimon- An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,. An Act tla!/ ^01 vc®*nS Part °* ^ie Eftale of Charles Choknondeley Esquire, in the County of Chester, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Money for the Payment of Debts, and other Purposes, therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Rejoked, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wiiiford, Mr, Crosse, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Glanville, Mr. More, Mr. Earle, Mr. Walker, Mr. Bacon, Sir Nathanael Cur- zon, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Parfhls, Sir Tho. llobinfon, Sir Thomas AJton, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Medlkot, Mr. Merrill, Mr. Bevah, Sir John Bruce, Mr. Treby, Mr. Reynell, Mr. Drummond, Sir James Campbell, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Campbell,-of Pemb. Sir JVm. Yonge, Colonel Read, Mr. Henley, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Cctfar, Sir James Nafymith, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Town-jhend, Sir James Thornhill, Colonel Pitt, Sir John An-Jlntther, Mr. Tho. Pitt, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Geo. Mackenzie, Mr. Edgcumbe, Mr1. Bromley, Sir Thomas Read\ Mr. Woollaston, Sir John Barrington. Sir Geo. Caf-wall, Mr Curtzvright, Mi*. Steiiart, Mr. Heathcote, General Wade, Mr. Ovjlozv, Sir Wm. Chappel, Mr. Palmer, Sir Roger Meredith; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Salop and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.:

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Binkley's to enable the several Persons claiming under the Will, or Eiute. Codicil, of Robert late I/ord Bingley, when they (hall’be intitled to the Estates comprised therein.' or directed to be purchased thereby, to make Leases for One-and-twenty Years, at the heft improved Rents, without taking Fines, Was read the First time.

Refoked, rlhat the Bill be read a Second time.

hkrkry Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the

Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, in the room of William Razvlinfon Earle Esquire; who, sincehis Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Clerk of the Delivery and Deliverance of all manner of Ordnance of Artillery; Munition, and other Necessaries whatsoever, appertaining to his Majesty’s Office of Ordnance.

M . An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ci'iietiii’m’s to enable Richard Child Esquire, commonly called Lord Caftlmain, and the Heirs of his Body, and such other Persons who, by virtue of a Settlement made by Frederick Tiflncy Esquire, deceased, shall be in the possession of the Estates therein limited, to take and ufethe Surname of Tylnty, was read the First time. ‘

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum out of the Sinking Fund, for :the Service of the present Year; and for the further Application of the same Fund; and for enabling his Majesty, out of Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, to apply a certain Sum as a Marriage Portion to her Royal Highness the Princess Royal; and for making good aid Deficiencies and Charges that may happen by the taking of Broad Piecds into the Mint, out of the Coinage Duty: And the same was received; and read the First time.:

Refoked, That the Bill be read a Second time,- ’

.; 1. I

SST Rtfolwd* That this House will immediately resolve kiicai itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better regulating the Proceedings of ecclesiastical Courts within that Part of Great Britain called England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick ttpoti Tweed.

And the House: r.efoived itself into 'the said Committee accordingly.; - ,

Mr.Speaker left the Chair*;.

Vol. 22*

Sir Nat hanael Cur zon took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. 1

Sir Nathanael Curzon reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made feverdl Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr; Speaker do issue his Warrant tb Windfot the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wnt; the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Windsor, in the County. of Berks, in the room of the Right honourable Sir George ' Chdlmondeley, Knight of the Bath, commonly called Lord Malpas, now Earl of Cholmondeley, called up to the House of Peers.

Mr. Earle, according to Order, reported from the Peebles Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it Election; appeared to them, touching the Election and Return for the County of Peebles, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Report and Resolutions were read; and are is follows ;* viz.

Uport' the Petition of Sir Alexander Murray, of Slari-hop, complaining of . an u.mlue Election and Return /"-of Sir James Nafmyth, erf* to serve for the County of Peebles'; and also, the Petition of Alexander Williamson, Sheriff Clerk of the said County, complaining, that on the 28th of Aprilthen latt, at a Meeting of the Freeholders of the said County,

' to elect a Knight of the Shire, Sir Alexander Murray, of Blackbarrony, Sheriff Depute, though reftjained, by his Commission, from naming a Sheriff Clerk, appointed Mr. Wm. Veitch, of Bog End, to execute that Office; in prejudice to the Petitioner, who tlsign attended/and irififted on his Right;

The Committee proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petitions.

The Counsel for the Petitioners alleged, That the Freeholders Roll had been, in favour of the Sitting Member, arbitrarily and illegally made up by the Sheriff, contrary to the Law of Scotland, made in 1681, concerning Elections for Commissioners of Shires, which ordains that Roll to be made up by the Freeholders, at the Michaelmas Head Court, yearly.

They also alleged illegal and partial Proceedings in the Sheriff; That he did return the Sitting Member; and that . there w ere Two Prtejes. and Tw o Clerks that did preside; which was contrary to Law'; and that, by taking from the Sitting Member s Poll, and adding to the Petitioner’s, they should make a Majority for the Petitioner S\r Alexander Murray:; '

That the First or Second Commissioner last elected, or, inr their Absence, the Sheriff Clerk, should alk the Voters,

Who ere to preside, and who should be Clerk, at the Meeting: .; J

That the Petitioner was duly returned, by Mr. Carmichael the Prcefes, who was elected; upon the Question put by Mr. Alexander Murray, the last Representative, and Alexander Shazv, who was duly elected Clerk, by the Majority of Voters.

And offering to prove the Minutes, which were taken at the last Election, by the said Mr. Alexande?' Shazv the Clerk;' ' - ' '

The feme was objected to by the Sitting Member’s Counsel: Who alleged, He could not be called to prove the said Minutes, before he was proved to be the legal Clerk, he not being legally appointed by the Sheriff; and that no Man could be admitted to prove his own Right The Petitioner’s Counsel called,

Mtv David Scott: Who said, He w>as Commissioner at Peebles; and that the Writ was produced by Sir Alexander Murray, of Blackbarrony, w ho continued prefect there during the Time of the Election;

That

Pet Wes Election.

148 II0.

That Mr. Alexander Murray, of Cringlety, was there present also at voting for Prases and Clerk: That he offered to take the Votes; but then he, the Witness, was ordered to withdraw: That lie did not remember any other offered to do that Service; but, when be was admitted again, Mr. Cannichael acted as Prcefes, and Mr. Shaw as Clerk, for the Petitioner; with Mr. Ilay, of Haystown, as Prcefes, and Mr. Henry Balcanquall as Clerk, for the Sitting Member; and that no Certificate was drawn up, or delivered to the Sheriff.

Mr. John Dixon laid, he was present at the said Election; and confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Scot; and further said, That no Objection was made to the Prcefes and Clerk whilst he was there:

But, the Committee not admitting Mr. Alexander Shaw to be the legal Clerk,

Mr. David Scot produced the Minutes, which, he said, he examined with Mr. Balcanquall; and the same were read.

Then the Petitioner s Counsel alleged, That in Sir Alexander Murrays Patent, appointing him Sheriff of the County of Peebles, he had not Power to appoint a Clerk, it being therein excepted.

Dat. £ Apr. 1732. Which Patent was produced, and , read:

And the Commission from the late Earl of March, dat. 6° November 1721, to Alexander Williamson, was . also read:

Also the Commission from Mr. John Douglas, Tutor, in Law, to the Earl of March, to Alexander Williamson, granted after the Death of the said Earl, was likewise read; whereby it appears, that he is appointed Sheriff Clerk during Pleasure.

And it being alleged, That every Freeholder inrolled, or that voted at former Elections, is intitled to vote for a Prcefes at any succeeding Election, who has not legally been put out of the Roll;

And that the Right of Election for a Prcefes, at any Election for any Shire in Scotland, is in such Persons, whole Names shall be produced, in any Roll, by the Sheriff 5

Objection was made thereto; and the same not being admitted, the Committee came to the following Refo-ution: t

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election, of a Prcefes and Clerk, is in such Persons as stand upon the Roll laii made up by the Freeholders at the Michaelmas Head Court, or at the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament.

That the Election of Mr. Hay, of Hayftown, to be Prafts, and Mr. Henry Balcanquall, to be Clerk, being controverted;

The Petitioner’s Counsel alleged, That there being Twenty Voters present at the Election of a Prcefes, though the Votes, upon the Minutes, appear to be Ten and Ten, they should take off Three of those Votes who voted for Mr. Hay, in Sir James Nafmyth's Favour, charging the Sheriff with Irregularities in determining the Election of Prcefes, and insisting that the Return is void.

And, to prove the said Allegations,

They insisted, That the 4th Section of an Act of Parliament, made 1 Geo. I. c. 13. might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

It appeared thereby, That Persons, refusing to take the Oath of Abjuration, are incapacitated to vote for ^Members of Parliament in Scotland

Page 15 and 16.] And that, by the Minutes, it appeared, That Mr. Carmichael was objected to, and was accordingly left out of the Roll, with Three others, who voted at former Elections.

Page 29.] And, by the said Minutes, it also appeared, That, at die Meeting to elect their Representative, the Prcefes desired the Oaths might be taken, as required by Law; and that the Return was not good, nor made up in the publick Assembly; and therefore void.

Page 29.] In answer to which the Sitting Member’s Counsel insisted. That the Minutes of the last Etaction

Mail 1733.

are according to Law; and that all the Voters for Sir James Nafmyth appear to have qualified themselves, by taking the Oaths required by Law; viz, the Oaths of Allegiance, Assurance, and Abjuration, the Clerk accordingly administering the said Oaths:

That the Return is a proper Return, in pursuance of the Act made, 6° Annex, whereby it is Enacted, " That " the Clerks of the said Meetings, immediately after the " said Elections are over, shall respectively return the u Names of the Persons elected to the Sheriff, or Steward of the Shire, or Stewartry, who shall annex to it " his Writ, and return it with the same into the Court, " out of which the Writ is issued."

Whereupon the Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Mr. John Hay, of Hayftown, was duly elected Prcefes at the last Election of a Commissioner for the Shire of Peebles.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Mr. Henry Balcanquall was duly elected Clerk at the last Election of a Commissioner for the said Shire.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir James Nafmyth was duly returned at the lull Election of a Commissioner for the said Shire.

The Petitioner’s Counsel alleged, in Reply, That, by the 4th Section of an Act, made i° Geo. Iml c. 13, none of the Voters had qualified themselves according to the Directions df that Act; and therefore submitted the Consideration thereof to the Committee, and declared they had nothing further to offer.

Thereupon the Committee came to the following Resolution: viz.

5. Resolved\ That is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir James Nafmyth is duly elected a Commissioner to serve in this preifent Parliament for the said Shire of Peebles.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

Part of an Act, of the Parliament of Scotland, made September 17th, 1681, intituled, An Act concerning the Election of Commissioners for Shires, was read;

And the Third Section of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was also read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Right of Election of a Prcefes and Clerk is in such Persons as stand upon the Roll last made up by the Freeholders at the Michaelmas Head Court, or at the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

TeBe*forth, Noe», { } 34-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, £ ColoneT?S: } n*

Tellers for the Noes, [ } 92*

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee

6 Geo. II.

mittee in the said Resolution, That Mr. Henry Baltctn-quail was duly elected Clerk, at the last Election of a Commissioner for the said Shire, v The Fourth and Fifth Kefolulions of the Committee being severally read a second time, were, upon the Ques-tian severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

Means. night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

fepply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

York Build- Mr. Plumptre, presented to the House, according to ingsCom- Order, a Bill for stating and determining the Demands W of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, their Proprietors and Creditors, respectively; and for the better securing the Effects belonging to the said Corporation: And the same was received.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and

of Privileges. Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 12° die Maii;

Anno 6° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1733.

Prayers.

WCow. K N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act jGL for confirming an Exchange agreed to be made r between WiltiainAL&A Coroper, and Sir George Oxenden,

Baronet, of certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent, was read a Second time.

| Refobed, That the Bill be committed to Sir Roger

| Meredith, Mr. Lewis, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Edxvards,

Mr. Bacon, Sir* Charles Turner, Mr. Danvers, Captain Purois, Mr. Parsons, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Williams, Mr. Tilfov, Mr. Medlycott', Mr. Dunbar, Mr4. Hope, Mr. Campbell, $\r James Campbell, Mr. More, Mr. Phimptre, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Fane, Mr. Henley, Mr. Pare let, Mr. Pierce, Mr. Horatio Walpole, Cdonel Read, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Huxley, Sir Thomas Read, Mr. Lifter, Sir James Nafmyth, Mr. Gibson, Mr. Sc rope, Mr. Ducket, [ Mr. Burroughs, Mr. Rutherford, Captain Baker, Mr.

1 Bcvan-, and all the Members that serve lor the County

P of Kent, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet

this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

H/s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Antony Henley Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold for Discharge of the several Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for making a further separate Provision for the Lady Elizabeth, his Wife, during their joint Lives; was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Holt Ilenhy, Mr. Cary, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Hall, SirGVfl. Berkeley, Mr. Ingram, Lord Limerick, Colonel Berkeley, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Fane, Colonel Selwyji, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Danvers, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Scrope, Colonel Peirfe, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Richard Lane, Sir Thomas Read, Colonel Read, Captain Purvis, Sir James Campbell, Sir James Nafmyth, Mr. Campbell, Mr. lyfter, Mr. More, Mr. Bevan, Mr. White, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Luttercll, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Edwards-, and all the Members that fere for the Counties of Southampton, Somerset, Dorset, Vol .22.

149

iand Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum Out Supply Bill; of the Sinking Fund, for the service of the present Year; Sinking and for the further Application of the same Fund; and for enabling his Majesty, out of Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, to apply a certain Sum as a Marriage Portion to her Royal Highness the Princess Royal; and for making good all Deficiencies and Charges that may happen by the Taking- of Broad Pieces into the Mint, out of the Coinage Duty; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for stating and determining the Demands of York Build-the Corporation of the Governor and Company of inSs Com-Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York pany* Buildings, their Proprietors, and Creditors, respectively; and for the better securing the Effects belonging to the said Corporation; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Stock of the Governor and Company for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, assembled in their General Court, held at their House in Wiiichesterstreet, the Twelfth Day of January 1732, is referred, together with the Appendix to the said Re-

Sort, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the lembers of the House.

A Petition of Richard Chicheley Esquire, the Reve- Norton’sWill. rend William Chicheley, Edward Hughes Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, and James Plowden a Minor, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners Richard, William, and Elizabeth, are the natural and lawful Brothers and Sifter by the Half Blood, and next of Kin to Richard Norton, late of Southivicke, in the County of Southampton, Esquire, deceased; and that the Petitioner James is Nephew to the said Richard Norton by another of his Half Sifters; and that the Petitioners, as such, are the only persons interested in, and intitled to, a Distribution of the personal Estate of the said Richard Norton, and are the only Persons, by Law, intitled to pray, and take out, Letters of Administration of the Goods, Chattels, Rights, and Credits, of the said Richard Norton; and that if the Bill, now depending in this House, to enable proper Persons to propound certain Papers, importing to be the last Will, Codicils, and Testamentary Schedules, of Richard Norton, late of Smithwicke, in the County of Southampton, Esquire, deceased, in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, and to sue for Administration, with the same annexed, should pase into a Law, a Right of Administration will be introduced, unknown to the Law; which may be greatly in-j urious to the Petitioners, and draw their Right and Title to the personal Estate of the said Richard Norton into Question in an extraordinary manner, and exclude them from the Right, which they at present have, of administring to the said deceased: And therefore (and as the said Bill, should it pass into a Law, would, in many other respects, be greatly injurious to the Petitioners) praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

OrderedJthvX the said Petition do lie upofi the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do appoint Counsel learned in the Law to b© heard, at the same time, for the said Bill.

Q. q Ordered,

n° — i 2

15°

ii6 — i 6°Mail. 1753*

Frauds in the Cu ft 01ns.

Ordered, That the Committee* appointed to inquire into the Frauds and Abides in the Customs, to the Prejudice of Trade, and Diminution of the Revenue, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Whale Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Fishery. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, to considerthe State of the Whale Fishery carried on by his Majesty’s British Subjects.

ChurchRates* Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Repairing of Churches and Chapels, and providing Ornaments for the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morn-ning next, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 16° die Maii;

Anno 6° Georgii lldI Regis, 1733.

Prayers.

Norton’sWill. (\Rdered, That the Bill to enable proper Persons to propound certain Papers, importing to be the last Will, Codicils, and Testamentary Schedules, of Richard Norton, late of Southxvicke, in the County of Southampton, Esquire, deceased, in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, and to sue for Administration, with the same annexed, be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Lord An ingrossfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Ringley s to enable the several Persons claiming under the Will

Eftute. or c0(pcj| of Robert late Lord Bing ley, when they dial I

be entitled to the Estates comprised therein, or directed to be purchased thereby, to make Leases for One-and-twenty Years, at the bed improved Rents, without taking Fines, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Winnington, Mr. Annejley, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Treby, Mr. Orlebar, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Andrews, Sir Richard Lane, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Wardour, General Sutton, Sir Orl. Bridgman, Mr. Parsons, Lord Limerick, Sir Nicolas Williams, Mr. Daniel Campbell, Sir Robert 'Kemp, Isle. Fane, Captain Purvis, Mr. Gibson, Mr. Croxcle, Mr. Neal, Mr. John Campbell, Mr. Heathcote, Sir Geo. Mackenzie, Mr. Cartwright, Sir James Grant, Mr. Rucks, Mr. Crop, Mr. Sevan, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cwfar, Mr. Martin, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Palmet. Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Fox, Mr. Kemp, Mr. Lifer, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Holland, Mr. Scrope, Lord Per-aval, Sir Wilfrid Laxvfon, Mr. Windham, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Erfcin, Mr. Master, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Shipper, Mr. Medlicot, Sir JVm. Clayton, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Til-Jon, Mr. Campbell of Pcmbr.; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of York, Hertford, Middlesex, and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Retraining Mr. Neal presented to the House, according to Order, Sir A. Grant, a. Hill forfarther restrainingSir Archibald Grant Baronet, JeavinaThe William Burroughs Esquire, William Squire, George Kingdom. Bobinfon, Richard Woolley, and Thomas Warren, from going out of this Kingdom; and to prevent their transporting and alienating their Estates or Etfe&s: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Lord An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to

CaiUemains enable Richard Child, Esquire, commonly called Lord Name. Ca/llcmain, and the Heirs of his Cody, and such other Persons, who, by virtue of a Settlement made by Frederick Tylney Esquire, deceased, shall be in the Possession

of the Estates therein limited, to take and use the Surname of Tylney, $vas read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir IVin. Yonge,

Sir Edmund Bacon of Gillingham, Mr. Neal, Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Hacks, Mr. White, Sir James Campbell, Lord lamer ick, Sir Wif rid Iwnvfon, M r. Campbell of Pcmbr. M i\

Treby, Sir James Grant, Sir Henri/ lloghton, Mr Edg* cumbe. Sir James Nafmyth, Mr. My dd let on, S\r Nicholas Williams, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Lord Walling ford, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Elliot, Sir Richard Lane, Sir Orl.

Bridgman, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Medlycot, hi r. John Campbell, Mr. Wardour, Mr. Brook/bank, Sir Thomas Hales,

Mr. Stewart, Mr. Fane, Mr. Annejley, Sir Thomas Ro-binfon, Mr. Murray, Mr. Tilfcm, Lord Hervey, Mr.

Ccefar, Mr. Masters, Mr. Harley, Mr. Owen, Sir Geo. Mackenzie, Lord Percival, Mr. Holland, Mr. Fox, Mr.

I After, Mr. Andrews, Sir Richard Ellis, Mr. Croide,

Mr. Alderman Perry; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Essex, Southampton, Surrey, and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. 7

A Petition of the united Company of Merchants, of Exportation England, trading to the Edfi Indies, was presented to the of Tea. House/and read; setting forth, That, by the Laws now in being, foreign Goods are not intitled to Drawbacks, unless the same are exported within the $pace of Three

Years from the Importation thereof; and that the Petitioners do annually import, and have nowin Stock, large Quantities of TeaandCofiee intended for Sale to Dealers in those Commodities, who buy as well for foreign Export as Home Consumption; and'Tfcirrhe uuufitSl Plenty of Tea and Coliee, of late Years imported into Europe by foreign Nations, frequently makes it difficult for such Buyers to find a foreign Vent for their Goods within the time limited for Exportation thereof, and consequently discourages them from buying for foreign Exports; and that the time allowed for Exportation of Tea and Coffee, has, from Experience, been found too short, and to be attended with 1‘uch Inconveniences as will, if not prevented for the future, put a Stop to the Exportation of those Commodities, and thereby cut off a Branch of Trade, which is of great Benefit to the Nation: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Relief therein, as to the House ilial! seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House. N

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

A Bill for Rating and determining the Demands of York Build-the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Un- ingsCom-dertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Build-mgs, their Proprietors, and Creditors, respectively; and for the better securing the Effects belonging to the said Corporation; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

ReJblvedfThaX the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir Charles Wager acquainted the House, That hehad widows of received his Majesty’s Commands to lay before this H oute Naval his Majesty’s Commission, under the Great Seal, bearing °fficer9-Date the Thirtieth Day of August, in the Sixth Year of his Reign, nominating, authorizing, and appointing, certain Persons to be his Majesty’s Commissioners, or Governors, of the Charity for the Relief of poor Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy.

And having also acquainted the House, by his Majesty’s Commands, That his Majesty recommends it to their Consideration to make suchProvision for the Relief of the ' 1 o - said

C.

6 Geo. II.

16C

*7

Mail.

151

said poor Widows, as the House shall think fit, he presented the said Commission to the House.

Ordered, That the said Comm iff] on be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia, in America;

Ordered, That the Account of what Money is remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, arisen by the Sale of Lands, in the island of St. Christophers, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Royal African Company of England, for the Maintenance of the several British Forts and Settlements belonging to the said Company, on the Coast of Africa, for the Year 1733, referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Establishment of the Royal African Company of England for their several Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, with the Charges thereof, for the Year 1732, distinguisiiing how much of the same is on account of Trade, and how much for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Forts and Settlements; and also an Account how the Money, granted in the last Session of Parliament, towards the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, hath been disposed of; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines, intitled to receive Half-pay, in Great Britain; with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1733; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines, who died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the Twenty-fifth Day of December iyiS; with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1733; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Buildings, Re-bui! lings, and Repairs, of Ships, for the Year 1733, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Surplusses, stated at Lady-day 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Surpluses, stated at Michaelmas 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, die wing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1732, hath been disposed of; distinguisiled under the several Heads, until the THirty-first Day of January 1732; and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner look the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which Vol.22.

they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Bill, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, |1"kinSFund> upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certairi Siial C* out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the present Year; and for the further Application of the same Fund; and for enabling his Majesty, out of Monies re-, maining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, to apply a certain Sum as a Marriage Portion to her Royal Highiiefe1 the Princess Royal; and for making good all Deficiencies and Charges that may happen by the Taking of

Broad Pieces into the Mint, out of the Coinage Duty;

Jlcfolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read; '

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Whale whole House, to consider the State of the Whale Fishery Fid,e,> carried on by his Majesty’s British Subjects.

Mr, Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Committees.

Ordered, That Mr. Holland, Mr. Cockburn, Mr. Proceedings Geo.Heafhcote, Mr. Wollaston, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Toiver, 0,7 Mafia- Mr. More, Mr. Harris, Mr. fVm. Heafhcote, Sir Thomas phl,‘fets Hales, Mr. Lewis, Sir Geo. Savil/e, Mi . Hales, Mr. 0on^* Coplefion, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Martin, be added to* the Committee appointed to enquire who were the.

Authors and Abettors of the Proceedings against Jere-. miah Dunbar Esquire, in the House of Representatives of the Massachusets Bay, in the Months of December and January last past, at Boston in New England, on account of Evidence given by the said Jeremiah Dunbar before a Committee of the whole House, in the Year 1730,

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Committee Elections be adjourned. of Privileges.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Northaller-the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for ton Writ, the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Northallerton, in the County of York, in the room of l^eonard Smelt Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Clerk of his Majesty’s Ordnance.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

yovis, 170 die Maii;

Anno 6° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1733.

Prayers.

SI R William Stanhope reported from the Committee, Division of to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- Bellalanda tuled. An Act for dividing the Site of the late-dissolved ,° ery' Monastery of Bellalanda, alias Byland, and divers Messuages. Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of York, amongst Thomas Holies Duke of Nerve a file, Philip Dormer Earl of Chesterfield, and Ger-vase Scrope Esquire^ in the manner thereto mentioned,

was

*52

17’ Mali. A. 1733-

was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Stanhope do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Bawtry’s Mr. Thomas Bacon reported from the Committee, to Estate. whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Estate of Thomas B aw try, late of Foston, in the County of York, Esquire, deceased, in his Surname and Blood, and making his Will more effectual for that Purpose, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said BHl was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Colony of Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from Georgia. the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America, was referred, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corjunittee, That, out of the Money now remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, arisen by Sale of the Lands in the Island of St. Christopkers, his Majesty be enabled to issue the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds to the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America, to be applied towards defraying the Charges of carrying over and settling foreign and other Protestants in the said Colony.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum, out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the present Year, and for the further Application of the same Fund; and for enabling his Majesty out of Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, to apply a certain Sum as a Marriage Portion to her Royal Highness the Princess Royal; and for making good all Deficiencies and Charges that may happen by the taking of Broad Pieces into the Mint out of the Coinage Duty, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Al«iham and Ordered, That Sir Edmund Bacon of Gillingham do Boyne In- carry the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An cloture. Act for explaining and amending Part of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for inclosing Aldham and Boyne Commons, belonging to the Parish of Hadleigh, mthe County of Suffolk, for the better Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish, to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

"Whale Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from

Fishery. the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider the State of the Whale Ei/hery carried on by his Majesty’s British Subjects, the Resolution. which they had directed him to report to the House;

which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery, a Bounty of Twenty Shillings per Ton shall be paid on the Return of every Ship employed by his Majesty's Subjects in the said Fishery.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Sir Charles Turner, Sir John Eyles, Sir James Ijowther, and Mr. Scrape, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Wadesmill Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual repairing the Roads c‘ leading from Wadesmill, in the County of Hertford, to Barley and Royston, in the said County:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follows; viz.

Press 10. L. 7. After c< House," insert " or any cc Piece or Parcel of Ground fct apart and used as a " Nursery for Trees:"

Press 11. L. 31. After " House," insert<c or any <c Piece or Parcel of Ground fct apart and used as a " Nursery for Trees

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Sebright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill for making perpetual the several A 61s Regulating therein mentioned, for the better Regulation of Juries; Lries,&<\ and for continuing the Act for regulating the Manufacture of Cloth in the West Riding of the County of York, except a Clause therein contained; and for continuing an Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or any Sea Bank; and for continuing an Act, made in the 13th and 14th Year of the Reign of King Charles the^ Second; and for reviving and continuing Two other Acts for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making perpetual the several Acts therein mentioned, for the better Regulation of Juries; and for continuing the Act for regulating the Manufacture of Cloth in the West Rifling of the County of York, except a Clause therein contained; and for continuing an Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or any Sea Bank; and to prevent the malicious Cutting of Hop Binds; and for continuing an Act, made in the 13th and 14th Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England; and for reviving and continuing certain Clauses ia Two other Acts made for the same Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Tower do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported Supply, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follows; viz.

Resolved,

6 Geo. II. 170 M 153

Resolved, That it k the Opinion; of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Twenty-one thousafnd Three hundred Ninety-five Pounds Three Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1732.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-three thousand Two hundred SOventy-four Pounds Nineteen Shilling? and Nine Pehee, be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of the General Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-five thousand Seven hundred and Seventeen Pounds Five Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines for the Year 1733-,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand One hundred and Seventy Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for Paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines as died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1716, for the Year 1733.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Four thousand and Three Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for the Buildings, Rebuildings* and Repairs, of his Majesty’s Royal Navy, for the Year 1733.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That One Seaman be allowed, upon the Books of every Ship of War in Sea Pay, in every hundred Men that her Compliment shall consist of ; and that the Produce of the Wages of such Seamen, and Value of their Vi6tuals, be given and applied towards the relief of Poor Widows of Commissioni and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy, according to such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as his Majesty hath or shall establish and appoint for that Purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Surn of Six thousand seven hundred and Eigltly-lour Pounds be granted to his Majesty, to be applied; and paid to the Trustees of William Strode, an Infant, in: full satisfaction of all their Demands on, Claims to, orlnterest . in, certain Lands and Building? thereon called the Lambkay, in or near Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and now in possession of the Crown.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements belonging to the Royal African Company of England, On the Coast of Africa.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Four thousand Pounds be applied towards the Repair of the Cathedral Church of Saint . Peter in Westminster.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committefe, That the Sum of One Thousand Two hundred Pounds be applied to the finishing the Dormitory belonging to the Cathedral Church of St. Peter in Westminster.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

wdinnrs Sir Nathanael Curzon, according to Order, reported ^Courts from ^le Committee of the whole House, to whom the ‘ Bill for the better regulating the Proceedings of Ecclesiastical Courts within that Part of Great Britain called England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had diit&ed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, ftith the Amendments* in at the Clerk’s Table :, Where the Report was read;

Vt>i. 22.

And the Two first Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Questiorr severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Yhird Amendment was read a Second time; viz.

Fol. l. L. 11. After " any," insert " Lay,’’ and leave out from " whatsoever" to the Word " enter," in L. 13,. and, instead thereof, insert " not being an " Officer subjeQ; to the Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction, for or " on the account of any personal Crime, other than such " as is grounded on a Preferment, upon Oath, made by " the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Sidefinan or " Sidesmen, at the Visitations, unless the Accuser or " Promoter first

And a Debate arose in the House thereupon.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Lighthoun and Air. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Regulating to explain and amencf an Act, made in the Seventh and tenons. Eighth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in the electing and returning such Members, so far as the same relates to the holding of County Courts, without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by Bridewell this House, to One of the Amendments, made by 1 heir Dork and Lord ill ips* to the Bill, intituled, An Act for filling up such *,eetI)itch* Part of the Chanel of Bridewell Dock and Fleet Ditch, as lies between Holborn Bridge and Fleet Bridge; and for converting the Ground, when filled up, to the Use of the City of London. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act oid-street for providing a Maintenance for the Rector of the new Church Church near Old-street, in the Parish of St. Giles 9

Cripplegate; and for making that Part of the said Parish, ^nce!' which is called the Lordfiiip Part, a distinct Parish; and for impowering the Commissioners for Building of the Fifty new Churches to apply a Sum of Money to wall in the said Church and Church-yard; and to erect a House for the Habitation of the Ile6tor of the said Church, out of: the Money appropriated for the Endowment of the said Fifty new Churches; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Messago. from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, Royal Afleut Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: to Bills.

Mr. Speaker, (

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the I louie, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in *Gtreat. Britain, for the Service of the Year 1733;

An Act for repealing an Act for laying a Duty on compound Waters or Spirits j and for licensing the Retailers thereof; and for determining certain Duties on Frank Brandy, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for enforcing the Laws for preventing the Running of Brandies:

An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America:

An Act for the more effectual preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and for the more easy Recovery of Debts and Damages in the Courts of Great Seffiuns, in the Principality of Wales, and in the Court of Assize in the County Palatine of Chester; ancf for the obviating a Doubt, which has arisen, upon an Act, made in the Fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

An Act that all Proceedings in Courts of Justice within that Part of Great Britain called England, and in the R r Court

154 170 Mail. A. 1733*

Royal Assent Court of Exchequer in Scotland, shall be in the English to Bills. Language, to far as the same Act doth or may relate to the Courts of Justice holden within the said Principality; and for explaining and amending the said Act:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, in the Seventh and Eighth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament^ and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers in the electing and returning such Members, so far as the same relates to the holding of County Courts: An Act for filling up such Part of the Chanel of Bridewell Dock and Fleet Ditch, as lies between Holborn Bridge and Fleet Bridge; and for converting the Ground, when filled up, to the Use of the City of London:

An Act for erecting Piers in, and for repairing and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Little-hampton, called Arundel Port, in the County of Sussex:

An Act for repairing the Roads leading from a Place called St. Johns Bridge, in the County of Berks, to a Place called Fyjicld, in the said County:

An Act for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads, therein mentioned, from the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middlefe.v, to the Town of Hertford; and to the Great Bridge in Ware, in the County of Hertford; and for amending the Road from the said Great Bridge, to the South End of the Great Bridge at IVadefmill; and from the Great Road at Cheshunt to the West End of Small Lea Bridge, in the said County of Hertford:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of he* late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Road leading from Ipswich to Cley don, and the Road called the Pye Road, in the County of Suffolk; and for amending the Roads leading from Yaxley Bull, through Eye, to Lanthorn Green, in the said County:

An Act for continuing a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and fold within the Town of Linlithgozv, and Liberties thereof, in the County of West Lothian, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for making a Chapel in the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, a perpetual Cure; and for providing a Maintenance for the Ministers who shall officiate therein:

An Act for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the new Church of Horjlydown, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey; and for making the District, assigned to the fame, a distinct Parish, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for providing a Maintenance for the Rector of the new Church near Old-Street, in the Parish of St. Giles, Cripplegate; and for making that Part of the said Parish, which is called the Lordship Part, a distinct Parish; and for impowering the Commissioners for Building of the Fifty new Churches to apply a Sum of Money to wall in the said Church and Church-yard; and to erect a House for the Habitation of the Rector of the said Church, out of the Money appropriated for the Endowment of the said Fifty new Churches:

An Act for the more effectual repairing the Roads leading from Wadesmill, in the County of Hertford to Barley and Royston, in the said County:

An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields and Common Grounds lying in the Manor and Parish of Chipping Warden in the County of Northampton:

An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields and Common Grounds in the Tything oi Buckland Newton, Mineterne Parva, and Knowle, in the Parish of Buckland Newton, alias Buckland Abbas, in the County of Dorset.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Hamlet of

A ft on Magna, in the Parish of Blockley, in the County of Worcester:

An Act to enable the Lady Viscountess Gage, and her Trustees, and Thomas Whorwood Esquire, to purchase Lands of Intaritance with the Money arising by Sale of their Estate in the County of Bucks:

An Act for Sale of the Manors of Kidderminster Borough and Kidderminster Forren, Part of the entailed Estate of Wm. Lord Abergavenny; and for laying out _ the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act for vesting divers Lands and Tythes, in Ho-thorpe, in the County of Northampton, the Estate late of Griffith Davies, deceased, and of Arthur Dag get, in Trustees, to such Uses as the Manor of Hothorpe aforesaid stands settled; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: An Act to confirm Articles of Agreement entered into between Archibald Hamilton Esquire, commonly called Lord Archibald Hamilton, and others; and George Earl of Maccleffield, and others; Trustees of a ^Charity for vesting in George Earl of Orkney, and his Heirs, certain Lands in the County of Berks, to the several Uses, and upon the Trusts, therein mentioned:

An Act to enable William Widdrington, late Lord Widdrington, to sue or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter deicend or come to him, or which he was entitled unto, in Reversion or Remainder, before his Attainder:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for vesting the Honour and Estate of John Duke of Atholl in James Murray, commonly called Lord James Murray, after the Death of the said Duke:

An Act for Sale of Part of the paternal Estate of Waltham Savery Esquire, comprised in his Marriage Settlement, to discharge the Incumbrances on other the more valuable Parts of his Estate, in the same Settlement com-priled for the Benefit of his Issue by Mary his late-Wife:

An Act for rendering more useful, and preventing the Inconveniences likely to arise from, a Covenant in the Marriage Settlement made by Geo?%ge Pitt Esquire; and for making good and effectual the Agreements, Limitations and Provisions, made by the Parties for that Purpose, contained in an Indenture of Settlement lately made:

An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Thomas Prest-wood Esquire, in the County of Devon, for discharging an Incumbrance affecting the fame, and other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable Thomas Warden Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body, and the several other Persons therein named, and the Heirs of their respective Bodies, to take and use the Surname of Sergifon, as therein mentioned: An Act for impowering Sir John Tynte Baronet, and Charles Tynte Esquire, and their Sons respectively, to make Leases of the Estates comprised in the late Sir Half-well Tynte’s Settlement for Lives, or Years determinable on Deaths, according to the Custom of the Country:

An Act to enable Thomas Erie Drax Esquire, an Infant, and others, to grant Leases of several Manors and Lands in the County of Wilts, in such manner as is there-, in mentioned:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir John Rudd Baronet with Lettice Vaughan, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for settling the Estate of Thomas Bccwtiy, late of Foston, in the County of York, Esquire, deceased, in his Surname and Blood, and making his Will more effectual for that Purpose:

An Act for dividing the Site of the late-dissolved Mo-naftery of Bellalmda, alias By land, and divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of York, amongst Thomas Holies Duke of Newcastle,

PJiilip,

6 Geo. II. i j° — 18°

*55

Philip Dormer Earl of Chesterfield\ and Geroas Scrope, Esquire, in the manner therein mentioned:

An Act for explaining and amending Part of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for inclosing Aldham and Boyne Commons, belonging to the Parish of Hadleigh, in the County of Suffolk, for the better Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish:

An Act to naturalize Jean LagierLamotte and George Godfried HafenfeUer.

ofEdefiaf-ticai Courts.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Debate arising upon the Third Amendment, made by the Committee, to the Bill for the better regulating the Proceedings of Ecclesiastical Courts within that Part of Great Britain called England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, be adjourned;

It passed in the Negative.

Then an Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out the Words " other " than such as is grounded on Presentment, upon Oath, " made by the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Sidesman or Sidelinen, at the Visitations, unless the Accuser " or Promoter first

And the Question being put, That those Words stand Part of the Amendment:

The House divided. The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

ii5-

51*

{Mr. Bichard Plumer,1 Mr. Tufnell: y

| Mr. Brookfhank, 1 1 Mr. Geo. Heathcote:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, except the last, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The last Amendment being read a Second time.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being That the Debate be adjourned.

The House divided:

put,

The Yeas go forth: Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

37.

57-

C Mr. Pahner,

£ Mr. More:

{Mr. Danvers,

Mr. Harry Waller: 3 , So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said last Amendment was, with several Amendments, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, relating to Persons excommunicated receiving the holy Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper:

And the said Clause was twice read; and amended: And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for continuing the Method of Proceedings heretofore used in Cafes of Appeals from the Ecclesiastical Courts in Ireland, to his Majesty, in the Court of Chancery in

England:

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed,

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be printed;

It passed in the Negative.

I Sea The Order of the Day being read, for the House I to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Vox. 22.

upon the Bill to enable the South Sea Company to coit-vert Part of their capital Stock into Annuities redeemable by Parliament, and for making the remaining Part the trading Stock;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to church; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Raiet. the Bill for the better Repairing of Churches and Chapels, and providing Ornaments for the fame;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Exportation whole House, upon the Petition of the united Company T®a> of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 18° die Maii;

Anno 6° Georgii IIai Regis, 1733.

Prayers.

COLONEL Bladen presented to the House, according charitable to Order, a Bill for appointing Commissioners to exa- Corporation; mine, ft ate, and report, who of the Sufferers in the cha- ot ritable Corporation are Objects of Compassion, accord- u erels* ing to the Descriptions therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Jonah Privilege. Perfohouse, of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford,

John Fellow, John Green, William Mason, Daniel Mason,

Thomas Mason, William Goston, Samuel Mason, and Benjamin Whitehouse, of Sedgeley, in the said County, having funk a Coal-pit adjoining to the Estate of John Ward Esquire, a Member of this House, have entered upon his said Estate, and taken Coals therefrom; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Pri* vileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from Exportation the Committee of the whole House. to whom the Peti- of ^ea* tion of the united Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, was referred, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, instead of the Time now limited by Law for the Exportation of Tea and Coffee, and for allowing the Drawbacks thereon, the Time for that purpose be Six Years.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out the Words " and Coflee :M

And

Restoring Hazii Hamilton in Llood.

Asftieton and Cholmondeley’s imitate.

Roberts*

Estate.

Dowdef'vcll’s

Estate.

Justoms in Scotland.

Tobacco

imported.

Duties on Tobacco.

Wipe* 7. imported.

Duties on Wiueff.

re 6 18° J1733:'

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That, instead of the Time now limited by Law for the Exportation of Tea, and for allowing the Drawbacks thereon, the Time for that Purpose be Six Years.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Sir Charles TUrriery Mr. Drummond of Quarrell, Mr. Brownej and Mt.Sci'ope, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A MdTage from the Lords, by Mr. Kinaston and Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for restoring Basil Hamilton in Biood: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have puffed a Bill, intituled, Act Act for making certain Articles of Agreement entered into by Thomas Asjheton Esquire, in behalf of his Sbri Thomas Asjheton, an Infant, torching the Estate late of Robert Cholmondeley, of IIolford, in the County of Chester, Esquire, obligatory upon thfe said Infant; and veiling the said Estate in Trustees, to be sold, for the Purpdleb therein expressed: Tb which the Lords dftire the Concurrence of thh House. And also,

T «e Lords have paired a Bill, intituled, An Act for felling Part of the settled Estate of David Roberts Esquire, for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances of himself, arid his late father; and for settling ari Equivalent for the fame, for the Benefit of the several Persons claiming under his Marriage Settlement: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Richard Dowdefa'ell Esquire to raise Money by Sale or Mortgage of his Estates in the Counties of Glm-cester and JVor defter, to pay off the Portion of his Niece Anne Wylde the younger, charged thereon: To which the Lords desire the Cohcurrence of this House/

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, That Mr. Tudor, Agent for the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door;

He was called in; arid, at this Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Sixteen yearly Accounts, arid Sixteen Accounts supplementa! to them, of the Gtofe arid Net Produce of the publick Revenues rinder the Management of the Commissioners of the Custotfts there; and of the Money drawn back for Goods re-exported, and paid out of the: feme for Premiums or Bounties, distinguishingfeath Branch of Duty under its proper Head, from Michaelmas 1715 to Michaelmas 1731: And also, Eleven yeaHy Accounts of the Quantity of Tdbaeco imported, and how' much of the feme has bden re-exported to foreign Parts, diiiiriguishing each Pbrt dr. Place, from MidhaElmus 1720* to Michaelmas 1731: Arid also, Eleven yearly Accounts of the Grols and Net Produce of the Duties arising on Tobacco, from Mithdelmas 1720 to Michaelmas 1731: And also,

Tw enty-one yearly Accounts of the Quantity and Sorts of Wines imported, and howMnuch thereof has been re-exported to J foreign Parts, distinguidling each Port or Place, frotn Michaelmas 1710 to Michaelmas 1731: And also, '

Tweiitv-one yedily Accounts of the Gross rind Net Produce of the Duties arising 011 Wines, from Michaelmas 1710 to Michaelmas 1731; together with a Lilt of the said Accounts.

A nd then he withdraw.

And the said Lift avjis read.

Order i, That the said Accounta do lie upon the able, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are bound up with the other Papers vf this Sciiirim

Mr. tViriford Reported storfl thfc Corfitfrittee td whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part Of the Efttfte of Charles Cfiolniondeley, Esquire, in Cheshire, in Trustees, to be Ibid. to raise Money for the Purposes therein mentioned, Was committed", That the Committee htfd examined the Allegations of the Bill, and foufld the feme to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, arid^ made several Amendments thereunto; which thfey had dirtfted him to report to the House; and that the Parties cori-cerned had given their Confenb to the Bill, to the v atis-faction of the Committee; and he read the Re*port in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as follow: viz.

Press 13. L. 2,5. After "Lives." insert "during the " Life-time of the said Charles Cholmondeley; and, in " cale of his Dbcrease, then:"

Press 15. L. 7. After "March," insert "during the "Lifetime of the said Charles Cholmondeley; and, in " case of his Decease, then

Press id. L. io. After " Premises," insert "and, after " the said Mortgage satisfied, to apply the Residue of the " Monies which shall be so roiled, asis la ft mentioned,

" for the Benefit of the said Thomas Cholnwmk Icy, the " Infant, during the joint Lives of him and the said " Charles Cholmondeley in such manner as they, the said " Peter Legh, Peter Brooke, and Thomas Robinfen, and " the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Lxceutors " or Administrators of such Survivor, shall think fit; " and, in case of the Death of the said Thomas Chotnwndeley, to pay to the said Charles Cholmondeley v\ hat shall " then remain not applied, for the I enefit of the same " Thomas Cholmondeley, or he afterwards raised, as aforesaid;" and, in the same Line, leave out from " Provided," inclusive, to the Second "and" in Line 22, exclifive.

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Anirigrofled Bill, for trie better regulating the Proceedings of Ecclesiastical Courts within that Part of Great Britain called England, Dominion, of I Cales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, was read the Third lime.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 6. L. 1 o. To leave out the Words " which concern," and insert a concerning:"

L. 1 J. To leave out the Word "relate," and insert "relating:"

L. 12. To leave out the Word " and :"

L. J 9. Between the Word " no," and the Word "Process," to ipfert these Words, l< Sentence of " Excommunication shall be given or pronounced, nor " any."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better regulating the Proceedings of Ecclesiastical Courts within that Part of Great Britain called England, Dominion of ! Tales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed.

Ordered, That Sir Nathanael Curzon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means, for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account shewing how much of the Money hath been applied, and to what particular Ministers and Churches, that w as granted by an Act of Parliament, passed in the First Year of his late Majesty s Reign, for masking Ptfovision for the M milters of

Fiity

Cholmondeley’* Mate.

Proceedings

of

Ecrlt fiastical Courts.

Ways and Means.

6 Geo. II. i8° — 190 Mail. 157

Fifty new Churches, and what remains unapplied for the Disposal of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday 1 Morning next

tab Sea The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Company, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the South Sea Company to convert Part of their capital Stock into Annuities, redeemable by Parliament; and for making the remaining Part the trading Stock;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for taking away the Office of Deputy Governor, and to reduce the present Number of Directors, of the said Corporation; and to regulate the Elections of Governor, Sub Governor, and Directors, of the said Corporation, for the future.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to prevent the Directors of the said Company from creating or iffiiing Bonds, without the particular Direction of the General Court.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ,j House, to consider further of the said Bill.

I*

Toil The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Mdings resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, upon the Bill for dating and determining the Demands of the Coqioration of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, their Proprietors and Creditors respectively; and for the better securing the Effects belonging to the said Corporation;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read; flwto Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning,

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

the Bill for the better Repairing of Churches and Chapels, and providing Ornaments for the fame.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and

Privileges. prions be adjourned.

Ordered, That Mr. Herbert have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly. And,

Akhetonand An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act :p jJall?on* for making certain Articles of Agreement entered into ky Thomas Afsheton Esquire, in behalf of his Son Thomas Afsheton, an Infant, touching the Estate late of Robert Cholmondeley, of Holford, in the County of Chester, Esquire, obligatory on the said Infant; and veiling the said Estate in Traflees, to be sold, for -the Purposes therein expressed; was read the First time. Voi.28.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Glanville have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly. And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Richard Dotvdefzvell Esquire to raise Money, by Sale or Mortgage of his Estates in the Counties of Gloucester and Worcester, to pay off the Portion of his Niece Anne Wylde the younger, charged thereon, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Harley, have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly. And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling Part of the settled Estate of David Roberts Esquire, for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances of himself, and his late Father; and for settling an Equivalent for the fame, for the Benefit of the several Persons claiming under his Marriage Settlement; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 190 die Maii;

Anno 6® Georgii IIdl Regis, 1 733-Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Charles Cholmondeley Esquire, in the County of Chester, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Money for the Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments* do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyster do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth deft re the Concurrence of their Lordships.

The Lord Tyrconncl presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for giving Relief, by way of a Lottery, to such of the Sufferers by the charitable Corporation, as are Objects of Compassion: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir William Younge reported from the Committee appointed to inquire into the Frauds and Abuses in the Customs, to the Prejudice of Trade, and Diminution of the Revenue, That he was directed by the Committee to acquaint the House, That Caleb Leigh had been examined by the said Committee, and had prevaricated in his Evidence.

Ordered, That the said Caleb Leigh, having prevaricated in his Evidence before the said Committee, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That no Person be permitted to have Access to the said Caleb Leigh, without the Leave of this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, when he shall have apprehended the said Caleb Leigh, do, from time to time, bring him to the Committee appointed to inquire into the Frauds and Abuses in the Customs, to the Prejudice of Trade, and the Diminution of the Revenue, in order to his being examined, as often as the said Committee shall think fit to require the fame.

S f . Sir

Dowdes-well’s Estate.

Robert*

Estate.

Cholmondeley s Estate.

Charitable Corporation; Relief of Sufferers.

Frauds in the Customs; — a Witness committed.

158

J9

1 I

Mail.

A. 1733.

Exportation of Tea,

Reftnring Bazil Hamilton in Blood.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inlarging the Time for Exportation of Tea: And the same was received; and read the First time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for restoring Bazil Hamilton irv Blood, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Retraining A Bill for farther restraining Sir Archibald Grant Sir A. Grant, Baronet, William Burroughs Eteri re, William Squire, leaving the George Robinson, Richard Woolley, and Thomas Kingdom. Warren, from going out of this Kingdom, and to prevent their transporting or alienating their Estates or Eftefts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Tyr-' connel, Sir James Campbell, Sir John Cory ton. Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Harley, Lord Sidney Beau clerk, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Boone, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Bennet, Mr. Rutherford, Sir James Nafmyth, Mr. Broxvn, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Hacks, Major Selzvyn, Sir Geo.Mackenzie, Mr. Gffiey, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Hamilton, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Glanville, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. JPlumer, Mr. More, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Drumond of Meggincli, Mr. Lifter, Colonel Selzvyn, Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Henley Mr. Robert Hucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Church

Rales.

The House according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for settling Rales for the better Repairing of Churches and Chapels, and providing Ornaments for the fame.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir NathanaelCurzon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Nathanael Curzon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 210 die

Anno 6° Georgii IIdi Prayers.

Regis,

17 33-

Earl Cowper’s,&c Exchange.

MIL Scrope reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming an Exchange agreed to be made between William Y&A Cowper, and Sir George Qxenden, Baronet, of certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Kent, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fametp^ be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Scrope do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Cary do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from Ways and the Committee of the whole House* to whom it was re- ^eaiis-ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same were read, and are, as follows; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, out of the Money reserved for building Fifty new Churches within the Cities of I^ondonand Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof, and for making Provision for the Ministers of the fame, there be issued and applied, for the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, for the Repair of the Cathedral Church of St. Peter Westminster.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, out of the Money reserved for building Fifty new Churches within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof, and for making Provision for the Ministers of the fame, there be issued and applied, for the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of One thousand Two hundred Pounds, for finishing the Dormitory be-longingfeotheCathedralChurch of St.Peter Westminster.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the present Year, and for the farther Appli-cation of the same Fund; and for enabling his Majesty, out of Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, to apply a certain Sum as a Marriage Portion to her Royal Highness the Princess Royal; and for making good all Deficiencies and Charges that may happen by the taking of Broad Pieces into the Mint, out of the Coinage Duty; is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause, pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Sir Nathanael Curzon, according to Order, reported Church from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Rates- Bill for settling Rates for the better Repairing of Churches. and Chapels, and providing Ornaments for the fame, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his.

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the* Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Henley’s Mr. Cary reported from the Committee, to whom, tihite. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for veiting Part of the settled Estates of Antony Henley Esquire in Trustees, to be sold, for Discharge of the several Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for ipaking a further separate Provision for the Lady Elizabeth his Wife, during their joint Lives; was committed;

A Bill for appointing Commissioners to examine, (late, Charitable and rqport, who of the Sufferers in the charitable Corpo- Corporation ration are Objedsof Companion, according to the DeT §e^.^g feriptions therein mentioned, was read a Second time. u eiers’ Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House,

9 Resolved,

L.

6 Geo. II. 210 — iz° Mail.

*59

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

fharituble A Bill for giving Relief, by way of a Lottery, to such Kof°n ’ ^Sufferers by the charitable Corporation as are

fltm. Objects of Companion, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That this House will, upon 'Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

The House divided. The Yeas go forth.

1 for ,h. j 82.

1 M" SS" ] 53-

1 1 So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

ft Frauds in The House being informed, that Mr. Carke/fe, Se-TeaTrade, cretary to the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs, to the Oder of the House of the Third of April last; with an Account of the Frauds in the Importation and Exportation, Landing, Re-shipping, and Running, of Tea and Brandy, on which Prosecutions have been commenced, fmce Christmas 1723; and when, and at what Ports or Places committed; with the Proceedings which have been had thereupon; with the Names of the Vessels on board which any Seizures of Tea and Brandy have been made; from the said Time.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Return was read. f. Orderedr That the said Return and Account be re-

ferred to the Committee, who are appointed to inquire into the Frauds and Abuses in the Customs, to the Prejudice of Trade, and Diminution of the Revenue.

The said Return and Account are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Stpply Bill;

SicLing fail, &c.

VII Sea

toiftl

>i*ny.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the present Year 5 and for the farther Application of the same Fund; and for enabling his Majesty, cut of Moneys remaining iii the Receipt of the Exchequer, to apply a certain Sum as a Marriage Portion to her Royal Highness the Prim cess Royal; and for making good all Deficiencies and Charges that may happen by the Taking of Broad Pieces into the Mint, out of the Coinage Duty;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same*

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to enable the South Sea Company to convert Part of their capital Stock into Annuities, redeemable by Parliament; and for making the remaining Part the trading Stock.

Vo l. 22.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confide? further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Committee Elections be adjourned. of Privileges.

And then the House adjourned till To-lnorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 20 die Maii;

Anno 6° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1733.

Praters.

/TRdered, That the Clerk of this House do deliver back Widows of to the Commissioners for Executing the Office of Naval0ffi" Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, his Majesty’s cers# Commission, under the Great Seal, bearing Date the Thirtieth Day of August, in the Sixth Year of his Reign, nominating, authorizing, and appointing, certain Persons to be his Majesty’s Commissioners, or Governors, of the Charity for the Relief of poor Widows of Commission Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy, which, by his Majesty *s Command, was laid before this House by Sir Charles Wager.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Afsheton and for making certain Articles of Agreement entered into by Thomas Afsheton Esquire, in behalf of his Son Thomas 8 a e*

Afsheton, an Infant, touching the Estate late of Robert Cholmondeley, of Holford, in the County of Chester,

Esquire, obligatory on the said Infant, and veiling the said Estate in Trustees, to be sold, for the Purposes therein expressed, was read a Second time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Herbert,

Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Cafar, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Bcotle, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Tuf-nell, Mr. Glut ter buck, Mr. Philips, Lord Vere Beauclerk,

Mr. Pturner, Mr. Richard Plumer, Lord Harvey, Doctor Lee, Mr. Harrifcm, Mr. Walker, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr.

Brookfl)ank. Lord Cornbury, Mr. Harley, Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Lifer, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Roivney, Mr. Cross,

Mr. Martin, Sir Francis Child, Sir John Hind Cotton,

Mr. Laivfon, Mr. Saiulys, Mr. Anne fey, Mr. Cartwright,

Mr. Campbell, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Masters,

Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Holland, Mr. Digby, Mr. Drumond,

Mr. Griffith, Mr. More, Mr. Ward, Sir James Campbell,

Mr. Vernon, Mr. Parker, Sir Geo. Mackenzie, Mr. Fa-zakerley, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Heathcote, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Kelfall, Mr. Neal, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Wilmington, Mr. hr own; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Chester, Lan-casier, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Roberts' for felling Part of the settled Estate of David Roberts Estate* Esquire, for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances of himself, and his late Father; and for settling an Equivalent for the fame; for the benefit of the several Persona claiming under lfis Marriage Settlement; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harley,

Mr. Winnington, Doctor Lee, Sir James Loxvther, Lord Harvey, Mr. Williams, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Hucks,

Colonel Onslow, Mr. Tower, Sir Hen. Gough, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Gybbon, Mr Roivney, Mr. Wyndham, Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Walker, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Cholmondeley,

i6o 22 Mali . 1733.

Cholmondeley, Mr. Lyster, Sir Francis Child, Mr. A/ffr-//w, Mr. Crojfe, S\v John Hind Cotton, Mr. Lazvfon, Mr. Campbell\ Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Palmer, Mr, M after, Mr. Cor new all, Mr. Digby, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Griffith, Mr. Holland, Mr. More, Mr. Ward, Sir James Campbell, Sir Philip Parker, Captain Vernon, Sir Geo. Mackenzie, Sir Thomas Aston, Sir Wilfrid Lary/tm? Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Neal, Mr. Cary, Mr. Holt Henley, Mr. Kemp, Mr. Packer, Sir /7 m. Yonge, Mr. Kelfal, Mr. Tilfon, Colonel Read, Mr. Selzoyn, Lord Gage, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Medli- Mr. Clayton, Mr. Knight, Mr. Reynell, Colonel Ducket, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Cunningham, Sir Cafivall, Mr. Browne, Mr. Borland, Mr. Merrill, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Piggot, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Burton; and all the Members that serve for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afler-_ noon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

DowdcfwfcH’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ertate. for enabling Richard Doicdefwell Esquireto raise Money

' by Sale or Mortgage of his Estates in the Counties of

Gloucester and Worcester, to pay off the Portion of his Niece Anne Wylde, the younger, charged thereon, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. IVinning-ton, Mr. Harley, Doctor Lee, Sir James Low flier. Lord Harvey, Mr. Williams, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Hacks, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Tower, Sir lien. Gough, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Wyndham, Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Walker, Mr. Croivlc, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Lifter, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Martin, Mr. Crqffie, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Laxofon, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Master, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Dig by, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Griffith, Mr. Holland, Mr. More, Mr. Ward, Sir James Campbell, Sir Philip Parker, Captain Vernon, Sir Geo. Mackenzie, Sir Thomas Aston, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Neal, Mr. Cary, Mr. Holt Henley, Mr. Kemp, Mr. Packer, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Kelfal, Mr. Tilfon, Colonel Read, Mr. Sel-wyn. Lord Gage, Mr. Alderman Peny, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Knight, Mr. Reynell, Colonel Ducket, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Cunningham, Sir Geo. Cafivall, Mr. Browne, Mr. Borland, Mr. Merrill, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Piggot, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Burton, Lord Grimston; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Worcester and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas Bennet and Mr. Elde:

Mr. Speaker,

Cholmonde- The Lords hare agreed to the Amendments, made leys Estate. this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Charles Cholmondeley Esquire, in the County of Chester, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Money for the Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Restoring An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Bazil Htimil- for restoring Bazil Hamilton in Blood, was read a Se-ton in Blood. cond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Murray, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Si\v Wm. Yonge, Si r James Lowther, Lord Harvey, Mr. Clutterbucke, Mr. Dundafs, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Wyndham, Doctor Lee, Mr. Cccfar, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Campbell, Lord Limerick, Mr. Furneftfe, Mr. Plumptre, Sir James Thornhill, Mr. Bacon, Mr. More, Mr. Master. Sir Thomas Lowther, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Broxvne, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Cary, Mr. Brodie, Mr, Heathcote, Sir Geo. Cafivall, Mr. Lezven, Mr. Master. Sir Thomas Robinson, Lord Gage, Mr. Taylor; and all the Members that serve

for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House. according Whale to Order, a Bill for the further Encouragement of the 1’itWy. Whale Fishery, carried on by his Majesty’s British Subjects: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time;

A Bill for inlarging the Time for Exportation of Tea, Exportati<» was read a Second time. oi’l'ta.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from Supply Bill; the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Sinking granting to his Majesty a certain Sum, out of the Sinking &c* Fund, for the Service of the present Year; and for the farther Application of the same Fund; and for enabling his Majesty, out of Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, to apply a certain Sum as a Marriage Portion to her Royal Highness the Princess Royal; and for making good all Deficiencies and Charges that may happen by the Taking of Broad Pieces into the Mint, out of the Coinage Duty; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

’Where the A mendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Complaint being made to the House, That William Privilege. Philips, Attorney at Law, hath lately caused an Ejeft-ment, at the Suit of one Thomas George, on theDemife of Elizabeth Lunne, Widow, to be delivered, by Ed-zoard Barnes, his Clerk, to He my Waters, Tenant in Possession of a Messuage and Lands in North Littleton, in the County of Worcester, the Estate of Sir John Riishout Baronet, a Member of this House, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Eieftions, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Norton’s Bill to enable proper Persons to propound certain Papers, Wl11-importing to be the last Will, Codicils, and Testamentary Schedules, of Richard Norton, late of Southwicke, in the County of Southampton, Esquire, deceased, in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, and to sue for Administration, with the same annexed, being read;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time, upon Thurjclay Morning next.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself York Bui into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for inSs Cora Rating and determining the Demands of the Corpora- pan^ tion of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, their Proprietors and Creditors, respectively; and for the better securing the Etfefts belonging to the said Corporation; being read; was postponed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the South £ whole House, to consider further of the Bill to enable the

South

6 Geo. II. 220 — 23 161

South Sea Company to convert Part of their capital Stock into Annuities, redeemable by Parliament; and for making the remaining Part the trading Stock.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner, took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

U Then the House, according to Order, resolved itself feiJiigs into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for# stating and determining the Demands of the Corporation' of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames AVater in York Buildings, their Proprietors and Creditors, respectively; and for the better securing the Effects belonging to the said Corporation.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Plumptre took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Nr Plumplre reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

fbrch Ordered, That Mr. Palmer have Leave to make a

iUtts. Motion, it being near Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for settling Rates for the better repairing of Churches and Chapels, and providing Ornaments for the fame, be read the Third time, upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 30 Maii;

Anno 6° Georgii IId‘Regis, 1733.

Prayers.

Lord QIR William Yovge reported from the Committee, Caiilemain's O to whom the ingrofi’ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Richard Child Esquire, commonly called Lord CaJHemain, and the Heirs of his Body, and such other Persons, who, by virtue of a Settlement made by Frederick Tylney Esquire, deceased, shall be in the Possession of the Estates therein limited, to take and use the Surname of Tylney, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Yovge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sea Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable the South Sea Company to convert Part of their capital Stock into Annuities, redeemable by Parliament; and for making the remaining Part the trading Stock; the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Vol. 22.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration, after the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for stating and determining the Demands of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, their Proprietors and Creditors, respectively; and for the better securing the Effe6is belonging to the said Corporation; shall be received, and considered.

Mr. Plumptre, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Company, stating and determining the Demands of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, their Proprietors and Creditors, respectively; and for the better securing the Effects belonging to the said Corporation; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest, with Amendments to some of them, were agreed to by the House.

And some Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take South Sea into Consideration the Report from the Committee of Company* the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable the South Sea Company to convert Part of their capital Stock into Annuities, redeemable by Parliament; and for making the remaining Part the trading Stock.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And part of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Ids late Majesty King George the First, relating to the Bequest of South Sea Annuities, in Writing, attested by two or more credible Witnesses, being read;

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for repealing so much of the Act, of the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, as relates to the Bequest of South Sea Annuities, in Writing, attested by two or more credible Witnesses.

And the said Clause was twice read, and amended.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto, by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for an annual EIe6tion of the Governor, Sub Governor, and Deputy Governor, and Directors of the South Sea Company.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up; and the Clause was amended.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, \vith the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Doctor Thomas Rymer be desired to Dr. Rymer preach before this House, at St. Margaret's, West- to minfitr, upon Tuesday the 29th Day of this instant May: 29 a* And that Mr. Papillon, Captain Evans, and Sir Thomas Hales, do acquaint him therewith.

A Bill for the further Encouragement of the "Whale ^)ale Fishery, carried on by his Majesty’s British Subjects, Fil was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

T t Resolved,

162

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Charitable A Petition of the Creditors of the charitable Corpora-A^reen^nt t’on, w ^e Names are thereunto subscribed, for Con-with Credi- formation of an Agreement made between the Petition-tore. ers and the said Corporation, was offered to be presented

to the House.

And the Question being put. That the Petition be brought up

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yens, J 32.

Teltefor theN^j^gf"^ \ 40.

So it passed in the Negative.

Charitable The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Corporation — resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, upon

Sutlbrers aPP°^n^n& Commissioners to examine, state,

and report, who of the Sufferers in the charitable Corporation are Objects of Compassion, according to the Descriptions therein mentioned;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itfelfintoa Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ditto. The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for giving Relief, by way of a Lottery, to such of the Sufferers by the charitable Corporation as are Objects of Compassion;

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing Commissioners to examine, state, and report, who of the Sufferers in the charitable Corporation are Objects of Compassion, according to the Descriptions therein mentioned, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do alter and make both the said Bills into One.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-

otPrivileges. tjons £>e adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 24.* die Maii;

Antio 6* Georgii II" Regis, 1733.

Prayers.

ton! TV/F Winnington reported from the Committee, to Bley’s 1V1 whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in- aet’ tituled, An ACfc to enable the several Persons claiming under the Will, or Codicil, of Robert late Lord Bingley, when they shall be limited to the Estates comprised therein, or directed to be purchased thereby, to make Leases for One-and-twenty Years, at the bell improved Rents, without taking Fines, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Partiesconcerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said Bill was- read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilmington do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath «\ agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

22

1733-

Mr. Murray reported from the Committee, to whom Kefioring the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Bazil Harnil-restoring Bazil Hamilton in Blood, was committed, ton in Biood. That they had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Murray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Norton’! Bill to enable proper Persons to propound certain Papers, Will,

importing to be the last Will, Codicils, and Testamentary Schedules, of Richard Norton, late of Southwicke, in the . County of Southampton, Esquire, deceased, in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, and to sue for Administration, with the same annexed, being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the said Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Counsel for and against the said Bill were called in:

And the Bill was read a Second time.

And the Petition of Richard Chicheley Esquire, the Reverend William Chicheley, Edward Hughes Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, and James Plozvden, a Minor, against the said Bill, was also read.

And then the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard:

And a Clause of an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled.

What Fees ought to be taken for Probate of Testaments, was read; directing to whom, and in what manner, the Administration of the Goods of Persons dying intestate, and of Testators appointing Executors, who refuse to prove their TcTtaments, shall be granted.

And the Counsel for the Bill were heard:

And a Copy of the Parliament Roll, of the 15th Year of the Reign of King Henry the Sixth, N° 32. was produced, and read; whereby it appears, That certain Persons were appointed, by Authority of Parliament,

Executors of the Testament of Catharine, the Queen Mother, who had therein named her Son, King llenry the Sixth, her foie Executor.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard by way of Reply.

And the Counsel being withdrawn;

Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And the Question being put. That the Bill be committed;

The House divided

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas } 53-

Tellers for the Noes, j^Jj/ Robert Hu: }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Whale

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Fishery. the Bill for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on by his Majesty’s British Subjects.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve charitable of the Clock, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole C->t j>. ration- House, upon the Bills for appointing Commissioners to g*fl^ers examine, state, and report, who of the Sufferers in the charitable Corporation are Objects of Compassion. according to the Descriptions therein mentioned; and for

giving

230 — 2 40 Maii.

6 Geo. II. 24® — 25° 163

giving relief, by way of Lottery, to such of the Sufferers by the charitable Corporation as are Objects of Compassion.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 25* Maii;

Anno 6f Georgii IIdl Regis, 1733. Prayers.

Billj A N ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty a cer-XX tain Sum, out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service taiAc. of tjle present Year; and for the further Application of the same Fund; and for enabling his Majesty, out of Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, to apply a certain Sum as a Marriage Portion to her Royal Highness the Princess Royal $ and for making good all Deficiencies and Charges that may happen, by the Taking of Broad Pieces into the Mint, out of the Coinage Duty; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An A<5fc for enabling his Majesty to apply Five hundred thousand Pounds out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1733; and for the further Disposition of the said Fund, by paying off One Million of South Sea Annuities; and for enabling his Majesty, out of the Monies arisen by Sale of Lands in the Island of Si. Chrlfiopher, to pay the Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds for the Marriage Portion of the Princess Royal; and Ten thousand Pounds to the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America; and for making good all Deficiencies and Charges, by taking Broad Pieces into the Mint, out of the Coinage Duty; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for ifilling to the Sub Dean, Treasurer, and Steward, of the' Collegiate Church of St. Peter Westminster, out of the Monies reserved for building Fifty new Churches within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof, and for making Provisions for the Ministers of the fame, Four thousand Pounds for the Repair of the said Collegiate Church, and Twelve hundred Pounds for finifiiing the Dormitory belonging the reunto.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

York An ingossed Bill for Hating and determining the De-BniMiogs mands of the Corporation of the Governor and Company Company. of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buddings, their Proprietors, and Collectors, respectively; and for the better securing the Efle61s belonging to the said Corporation; was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill viz.

Press 12 L. 15. To leave out "the, " andinfert " his Majesty’s Court of And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Hating and determining the Demands of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, their Proprietors, and Creditors, respectively; and for the better securing the Effects belonging to the said Corporation.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumptre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

After which the Blank, left in the Bill for the Title thereof, was filled up, by the Clerk, at the Table.

Church Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

Hates. Reading of the ingossed Bill for settling Rates for the better Repairing of Churches agd Chapels, and providing Ornaments for the fame, be now read:

Vol. 22.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third time.

And a Motion being made, and the CJuefiion being put, That the Bill do pass;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the ingossed Bill to enable the South South Sea Sea Company to convert Part of their capital Stock into Company. Annuities, redeemable by Parliament; and for making the remaining Part the' Trading Stock, be read the Third time upon Monday Morning next.

Sir William Yonge reported from the^Committee, ap- Fraud* in pointed to inquire into the Frauds and Abuses in the aWitneS5"- Customs, to the Prejudice of Trade, and Diminution of committed, the Revenue, That he was directed by the Committee to acquaint the House, That Thomas Bottomley had been examined by the said Committee, and had prevaricated in his Evidence.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Bottomley, havingpre- t

varicated in his Evidence before the said Committee, be f taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That no Person be permitted to have Access to the said Thomas Bottomley, without the Leave of this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, when he shall have apprehended the said Thomas Bottomley, do, from time to time, bring him to the Committee appointed to inquire into the-Frauds and Abuses in the Customs, to the Prejudice of Trade, and Diminution of the Revenue, in order to his being examined as often as the said Committee shall think fit to require the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Charitable resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the Bills for appointing Commissioners to examine, Suiierer*. Hate, and report, who of the Sufferers in the charitable Corporation are Objects of Corapafiion, according to the Descriptions therein mentioned; and for giving Relief, by way of Lottery, to such of the Sufferers by the charitable Corporation as are Obje<51s of Compassion;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the more eflefiuul preventing the felling or disposing of foreign Lottery Tickets.

Ordered, That it be an Inftmction to the said Committee; That they have Power to receive a Clause for giving further time for taking, Hating, and determining, Claims and Demands of Creditors of the said Corporation; and of Personsclaiming any Share, or Interest, in the Stock or Fund of the said Corporation.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Tyrconnel took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Tyrconnel reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through both the said Bills, and made several Amendments thereunto; and had, pursuant to the Instruction of the House, made them One Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill and Amendments, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Exportation Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for en- of Tea.

larging the time for Exportation of Tea.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Scrope took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Scrope reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

164 25* — ^8° 1733.

inents thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Whale The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Fishery. tvhole House, upon the Bill for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on by his Majesty’s British Subjects.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Scrope took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Scrope reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upo\\ Monday t Morning next.

C<&mitteeof Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and

Privileges. £|e(f£jons be adjourned.

Luna, 28° die Mail;

Anno 6* Georgii Ildi Regis, 1733.

Prayers.

Exportation Ti yf R. Scrope, according to Order, reported from the of Tea. 1VJL Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enlarging the time for Exportation of lea was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Whale Mr. Scrope, according to Order, reported from the Fifoery. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fiftiery carried on by his Majesty’s British Subjects was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

their Debts, the greatest Part of the Creditors, in Number and Value, are willing to compound with the said Corporation for their Demands, or otherwise to agree with them; and that, urdefs some Agreement can be made speedily with the said Corporation, the Petitioners apprehend, that the small Matter that is left, will be spent in carrying on, and defending of Law-suits; or that an undue Preference may be given to, or obtained by, some Creditors, in Prejudice of the rest; but that in regard several Guardians, Trustees for Infants, and Persons otherwise disabled, are concerned, such proposed Agreements cannot be carried intoj execution, and made effectual, without the Ashftance of the Legislature: And therefore praying, That they may be impowered to enter into, and make an Agreement with, the said Corporation; or that the House will be pleased to take their same into Consideration, and give them such Relief therein, as to the House shall leem meet.

And the State of the Loss, of the Debts, and of the Effects, of the said Corporation, contained in the Report, made the 17th Day of April last, from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the said Corporation, assembled in aGeneral Court, was referred, being read;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making effectual such Agreement, as shall be made between the charitable Corporation for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal interest, and their Creditors: And that Mr, IVimiinglon, and the Lord Tyrconntl, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Lighthoun and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Attor to explain and amend an Act, made in the Second Year V of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors, with an Amendment: To which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Parishes, and other Places, from such u Charges as may arise from Bastard Children born within the same, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lord Tyrconnely according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Reiid Bill for appointing Commissioners to examine, state, Suflei and report, who of the Sufferers in the charitable Corporation are Objects of Companion, according to the De-feriptionstherein mentioned; and for giving Relief, by way of a Lottery, to such of the Sufferers by the charitable Corporation as are Objects of Companion, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration, after the other Orders of the Day shall be disposed of.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill to enable the South Sea u Company to convert Part of their capital Stock into Annuities, redeemable by Parliament; and for making the remaining Part the trading Stock; be now read:

And the said O.rder being read accordingly;

An ingrossed Bill to enable the South Stfa Company to convert Part of their capital Stock into Annuities, redeemable by Parliament; and for making the remaining Part the trading Stack; was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to tir Bill; viz.

PreCs 8. L, M To Jeave out " in," and insert " on."

And

Charitable

Corporation — Agreement with Creditors.

A Petition of the Creditors of the charitable Corporation for relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal interest, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other the Creditors of the said Corporation, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, in pursuance of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, have exhibited their CIaims before the Commissioners therein named, and have proved their Title to the several Demands made by them, to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners; who have reported to this House, that the Sum of £. 142,879. 19^. 1 od. is due from the said Corporation to their Creditors: That the said Corporation appearing, by the Report of the said Commissioners, not to be able, by reason of their Misfortunes, to make Satisfaction to the Petitioners for

' And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

o Geo. II. 28°-^29° MaiL 165

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Dill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Hill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act for the converting a further Part of the capital Stock of the South Sea Company into Annuities, redeemable by Parliament; and for settling the re-imiining Part of the said Stock in the said Company.

Ordered, That Sir James Low (.her do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The oth^r Order of the Day being read;

Norton's lUfolved, That this House will. Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; resolve itfejf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable proper Persons to propound certain Papers importing to he the last Will, Codicils, and Testamentary Schedules, of Richard Norton, late of Souf/aoicke, in the County of Southampton, Esquire, deceased, in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, and to sue for Admiqi-stration, with the same annexed.

Wable The House, according to Order, proceeded to take [Xr'of" *nt-° Consideration the Report from the Committee of tors. ^ie whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing Commissioners to examine, state, and report, who of the Sufferers in the charitable Corporation are Objects of Companion, according to the Descripti.ons therein mentioned; and for giving Relief, by way of a Lottery, to such of the Sufferers by the charitable Corporation as are Objects of Companion; was committed; apd the Amendments, made by the Committee to the pill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were fofagreed to, and the rest, with the Amendments of and to fevered of them, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

ImMkO's Ordered, That Sir Nicholas Williams7 Sir Robert

fitoe. Gro/irnor, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr* Lezvis, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Chariton, and Mr. Sloper? be added to the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from foe Lords, intituled, An Act; for enabling Richard Uowdef-tce'll Esquire to raise Money, by Sale pr Mortgage of his Elites in the Counties of Gloucester and Worcester, to pay off the Portion of his Niece Anne Wj/kie foe younger, charged thereon, is committed.

I charitable ‘ The Lord Tijrconnel presented to the House, accorded jpg to Order, a Bill for making effectual such Agree-rlZt ment as rna(^e between the charitable Corpo-

bi ration for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with fnipll Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, and their Creditors: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Lord Tyrconnel have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly: An€k

A Bill for making effectual such Agreement as shall be made between the charitable Corporation for Relief of industrious Popr, by assisting them with final 1 Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, and foeir Creditors, was read the First time.

Refilled, That foe Bill be read a Second time.

And then the JHpufe adjourned till Tomorrow, One of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Mart is, 2 90 Man;

.^jino 6° . Georgii IIdl Regis, 1733.

AFTER Divine Service, Mr. Speaker, attended by the Members and the Clerk, the Mace being carried before him, walked from St.'Margaret's, West-mhjler, to the House.

Dr.nymcr Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be giv.en to owM* the Reverend DoClor Thomas Rymer, for the Sermon by Vol. 22.

him preached before this House, this Morning, at St. Margaret's, We/hn infer; and that he be deft red to print the fame; and that Mr. Papillon, and Captain Evans, do acquaint him therewith.

Mr. Jrferbert reported from the Committee, to whom Afshetonand the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Agl'ce-rent/ making certain Articles of Agreement, entered into by Thomas Afsheton Esquire, in behalf of his Son Thomas Aflheton, an Infant, torching the Estate lafe o{'Robert ChoUmndely, of Holfqrd, in foe County of Chester,

Esquire, obligatory on the said Infant 5 and veiling the said Estate, in Trustees, to be foltji for the Purposes therein expressed; was committed; That the Committee bad examine*! the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Coqajnittee; apd that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without auy Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pase.

Ordered, That Mr. Iferbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint foem?That this House hath agreed to the some, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr.

Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lorjds jpiaye agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Counterfeit* to prevent the coining or counterfeiting any of the Gold C<oins commonly called Broad Pieces, without any ,?ce<*

AipencJwent: And also.

The Lord? haye agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Regulating for makfog perpetual foe several Acis therein -meu- Juries, &c. tioned, for the better Regulation of Juries; and for continuing the Act for regulating the Manufacture of Cloth, in the W»eft Riding of the County of York, except a Clause therein contained; and for continuing 3m Act for the more effectual pumilling wicked and evil-disposed Re,rfon$ going armed in Difg.uife, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, oy any Sea Bank; and to prevent the malicious cutting of Hop Binds j apd for continuing an Act, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England; and for reviving and continuing certain Clauses in Two other Acts made for the fame? Purpose, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Attornies' Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the egu a lon’ Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled.

An Act for the better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors:

And the said Amendment was read; and is as follows; viz.

Press 1, L. 37, and 38. To leave put " or other " Accidents

The said Amendment being read a Second time, was,

.upon the Question pat thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Nathanael Curpon do carry the Bill to the JLprcJs, and acquaint them, That this House bath agreed to tj\e Amendment made by their JLprdships.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Privilege. Elections be discharged from proceeding this Session ppon the Matter of the Coipplaint made to the House, on the 25th Day of April last, of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the Ojder of foe Day, for the House to Norton’s resolve itself into aCoipmittee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable proper Persons to propound certain U u Papers

166

29 — 30

Maii.

j. 1733.

Papers importing (o be the Iaft Will, Codicils, and Tef-tamentary Schedules, of Richard Norton, late of South-ivicke, in the County of Southampton, Esquire, deceased, in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury; and to sue for Administration, with the same annexed; be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Copies of the several Papers produced and deposited in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, as the lad Will, Codicils, and Testamentary Schedules, ot Richard Norton, late of Southivicke, in the County of Southampton, Esquire, deceased, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the Committee, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Charitable Ordered, That the Lord Tyrconnell have Leave to

Corporation — make a Motion, it being after Two of the Clock.

ie"1 And he moved the House accordingly: And, tors. A B'H for making effectual such Agreement as shall be made between the charitable Corporation for Relief of indullrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, and their Creditors, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Esportati00 Ordered, That Mr. Brown have Leave to make a

oflea- Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Time for Exportation of Tea, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for enlarging the Time for Exportation of Tea.

Ordered, That Mr. Scrope. do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

felling Part of the settled Estate of David Roberts Esquire, for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances of himself, and his late Father; and for settling an Equivalent for the fame, for the Benefit of the several Persons claiming’under his Marriage Settlement; was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be-true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered , the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, having under their Consideration Matters The Lords relating to the South Sea Company, their Lordships do define leave desire, That Sir James Lowther, Sir John Eylcs, John for Member# Rudge Esquire, Gabriel Roberts Esquire, William Bozcles Esquire, Peter Burrell Esquire, George Ileathcote Esquire, Edward Rudge Esquire, John Merrill Esquire, and Thomas Pearft Esquire, Members of this House, may have Leave to attend the House of Lords on Friday next.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will fend an Answer to the said Message, by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the* Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, take the said Message into Consideration.

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, to Dowdcfweirj whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An kfoue.* Act for enabling Richard Doxvdefwell Esquire to raise Money, by Sale or Mortgage of his Estates in the Counties of Gloucester and Worcester, to pay off the Portion of his Niece, Anne Wylde the younger, charged thereon, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And then the House adjourned till To-m0rrow Mr. Attorney General, according to Order, reported Norton’s Morning Nine of the Clock. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Will.

Bill to enable proper Persons to propound certain Pa-. __________ pers importing to be the last Will, Codicils, and Testa-

mentary Schedules, of Richard Norton, late of South-Mercuriiy 30° die Maii; zvicke, in the County of Southampton, Esquire, deceased.

in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury; and to sue Anno 6° Georgii Ildl Regis, 1733. for Administration, with the same annexed; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had Prayers. made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to

Privilege, a COM PL AI NT being made to the House, That report to the House; and he read the Report in his J\ Richard Head, Clerk, and Michael Goddard, have Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the lately caused several Trees, growing on the Estate of Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Sir Richard Mill Baronet, a Member of this House, at Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Mottisfont, in the County of Southampton, to be cut Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question down, , and carried away, by Richard Burnet, John Severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Burnet, Samuel Day, Thomas Jolliff,\ Thomas Free- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

mantle, Gyles Cole, and others, in Breach of the Pri- ingrossed. vilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dowdcftein Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the for enabling Richard Dowdeswell Esquire, to raise Estate. said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opi- Money, by Sale or Mortgage of his Estates in the nion thereupon, to the House. Counties of Gloucester and Worcester, to pay off the

Portion of his Niece, Anne Wylde the younger, charged Roberts* Mr. Harley reported from the Committee, to whom thereon, was read the Third time.

Estate. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered,

6 Geo. II. 30* — 3

Ordered, That Mr, Winnington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Whale An ingrossed Bill for the further Encouragement of Fishery. the Whale Fishery, carried on by his Majesty’s British Subjects, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery, carried on by his Majesty’s British Subjects.

Ordered, That Mr. Scrope do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

feble An ingrossed Bill for appointing Commissioners to SoT* examine, Hate, and report, who of the Sufferers in the fekr*, charitable Corporation are Objects of Compassion, according to the Descriptions therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, for Relief of the honourable Walter Molesworth Esquire: And the same was read.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 5. L. 24. To leave out the Word " the," and insert " such," instead thereof:

L. 25. To leave out the Words <s incapaci- tated to the Relief by this Act," and insert " so

incapable," instead thereof:

And the same were, upon the Question federally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

ft, d. Noes: { "B*, } 43*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act for appointing Commissioners to examine, llate, and report, who of the Sufferers in the charitable Corporation are Objects of Compassion, according to the Descriptions therein mentioned, and forgiving Relief to such Sufferers; and for enforcing the Laws made against foreign Lotteries; and for impowering the said Commissioners to hear and determine the Claims of such Creditors and Proprietors of the said Corporation, as have not made their Claims within the Time limited by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for taking, flat ing, and determining, all the Claims and Demands of the Creditors of the said Corporation, and of all Persons claiming any Share or Interest in the Stock or Fund of the said Corporation.

Ordered, That the Lord Tyrconnel do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Charitable The House resolved itfejf into a Committee of the *- whole House, upon the Bill for making effectual such w^Credi- Agreement as shall be made between the charitable tan. Corporation for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, and their Creditors.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Tyrconnel took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

the Lord Tyrconnel reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and madefeveral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and O'rmleges. Elections be adjourned.

Vol 22.

i° Mali. 16 j

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 31° die Maii\

Anno 6* Georgii IId‘ Regis, 1733.

P RATERS.

AN ingrossed Bill to enable proper Persons to pro- Norton's pound certain Papers importing to be the last Will-Will, Codicils, and Testamentary Schedules, of Richard Norton, late of Southivicke, in the County of Southampton,

Esquire, deceased, in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, and to sue for Administration, with the same annexed, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable certain Persons to propound the Papers importing to be the last Will, Codicils, and Testamentary Schedules, of Richard Norton, late of Southwicke, in the County of Southampton Esquire, deceased, in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, ^nd to sue for Administration, with the same annexed.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Tyrconnel reported from the Committee Restraining to whom the Bill for farther restraining Sir Archibald Sir A.Grant, Grant Baronet, Win. Burroughs Esquire, William Sguirey &c. from George Robinfony Richard Woolley, and Thomas Warreny the

from going out of this Kingdom, and to prevent their ,n? om‘ transporting and alienating their Estates or Effects, yvas committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Siv John Cope.ivom the Committee appointed to Frauds in the inquire into the Frauds and Abuses in the Customs, to CustomK — the Prejudice of Trade, and Diminution of the Revenue, W^tnefle* acquainted the House, That Caleb Leigh, who was, by fro^Custody. Order of the House of the 19th of this Instant, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending at this House, for prevaricating in his Evidence before the said Committee; and Thomas Boltomley, who was, by the Order of the House of the 25th of this Instant, taken into the Custody of the said Serjeant, for the like Offence; had, since, been severally examined by the said Committee; and that the Committee were satisfied with their Answers; and had directed him to move the House, That the said Caleb Leigh and Thomas Boltomley be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said Caleb Leigh be discharged out of Custody, without paying any Fees.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Botlomley be discharged out of Custody, without paying any Fees.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Elde:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act BrancWs for vesting in Trustees the unsettled Estates of William Debt to the Brandony deceased, to be sold, for Payment of a Debt Crown, due from him to the Crown; and for applying the Residue of the Money, arising by such Sale, for the Benefit of his Family; with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of Mary Lease, Widow of Thomas Lease, Re-deh>ery her late Husband, deceased, was prefen ted to the lJouie, of certain and read; letting forth, That a Committee having been pre-

appointed by this House, in the last Session of Parlia- House.*01 meat, to inquire into the Transactions of the charitable

Corporation,

I.eave for Members to attend the Lords.

168 31° Mail.

Corporation, the Petitioners said Hu (band was taken into Custody by Order of this House; and all his Books, Papers, Writings, Notes, and Securities, for very considerable Sums of Money, were likewise seized, and laid before the said Committee, for their Inspection; and that, her said Husband dying intestate, before he had procured his Enlargement, (lie soon after took out Letters of Administration of his Goods and Chattels, and is thereby in tit led to the said Books, Papers, and Notes; for want whereof (lie is difybled from getting in her said Iiustand’s Debts, and defending herself against his Creditors; nor can file come at, or discover, his Lffe&s; which will be a Means to reduce her to great Hardships and Necessities, many Actions being threatened to be brought against her; and theft die can have no Red refs in the Prerpifes, or procure the said Notes, Papers, and Accounts, belonging to her fair! Husband, but by the Order and Direction of this House: And therefore prayjngthe House, That all th^e said Papers, Writings, Notes, and Securities, and whatsoever else was seized and takeq during the I aft Session of parliament, belonging to t her said late Husband, or delivered by liim, or any other Person who held the same in Tru'ft for him, to she laid Committee, may be delivered up to the Petitioner.

And the Order of the House of the 18t h of May, in the last Session of Parliament, directing the Clerk who attended the said Committee, forthwith to deliver the several Bonds, Notes, and Papers, which did belong to John Thompson, late Warehonfekeeper of the said Corporation, and were delivered to the said Committee by Thomas Lease and Mr. William Paterjbn, and were then in Custody of the said Clerk;, and the several Account Books and Papers, which did belong also to the said John Thompson, and were then likewise in the Custody of the said Clerk; to the Assignees under the Commission of Bankruptcy awarded against the said John Thompson, by a Schedule; and for which they were to give a Receipt; was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Gage, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Earle, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Neale, Mr. Doddington, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Winning ton, Sir Wilfrid Laiofon, Mr. Plamer, Mr. Drax, Mr. Cary, Mr. Campbell, of Pembr. Sir James Lowther, Mr. Heath-cote, Lord JVere Be auelerk, Mr. Pelham* Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Burton, Mr. Furnesse, Mr. Waller, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Martin, Mr. Huxley, Colonel Read, Sir Thomas Robinson, Colonel Cope, Colonel Pulleney, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Laxvfbn, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Norris, Mr. Alderman Perry, Dofr.or Lee, Mr. Brown, Colonel Duckett, Mr. Bozvles, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Ofiebar} Lord Limerick, Mr. Merrill: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Message from the Lords, of Yesterday, wherein their Lordships desire, That Sir James Lowfher, Sir John Eyles, John Rudge Esquire, Gabriel Roberts Esquire, IVm. Bowles Esquire, Peter Barrel Esquire, George Heathcote Esquire, Edward Radge Esquire. John Merrill Esquire, and Thomas Pearfe Esquire, Members of this House, may have Leave to attend the House of Lords Tomorrow Morning.

And the said Message being read 5

George Heathcote Esquire, John Merrill Esquire, Sir James Lowlher, Sir John Eyles, William Bowles Esquire, John Radge Esquire, Peter parrel Esqpjre, Gabriel Roberts Esquire, and Thomas Ptqrfe Esquire, being prefect, severally Rood up in their places, and declared, That they were willing, fvith the Leave of the House, to attend the Ho.use of Lords, as ip deike4 £>y their Lordilpps ig the said Message.

jo

And Edward Rudge Esquire b.eing absent;

John Rudge Esquire, (landing up in his Place, acquainted the House, That the said Edward Rudge Esquire, his Son, was in the Country; but that he was assured of his Son’s Willingness to attend the House of Lords, according to the Desire of their Lordships.

Then the Journal of the House, of the 2lit, 2id,

23d, and 24th Days of March. in tire Tenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, in relation to the Proceedings of this House upon the Message from the Lords concerning Mr. Robert Bertie, a Member of this House, was read.

And the Journal of the House, of the 4th, 5th, 6th, and 21ft: Days of March, in the Fourth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, containing the Proceedings of this House upon the Message from the Lords, concerning the Commissioners of Inquiry, who were Members of this House; and also Sir David Da by m pie, a Member of this House; and the Report from the Committee appointed to search Precedents in relation thereto; was also read.

Resolved, That Sir James Lordlier, Sir John Eyles,

John Rudge Esquire, Gabriel Roberts Esquire, William Bowles Esquire, Peter Barrel Esquire, George Lfeath-cote Esquire, Edward Rudge Esquire, John Merrill Esquire, and Thomas Pearfe Esquire, Members of thi$

House, have Leave to go to the House of Lords, as is desired by their Lordships, in their Message of Yesterday, if the said Members think fit.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them, That this House has given Leave to Sir James Lowther, Sir John Eyles, John Rudge Esquire,

Gabriel Roberts Esquire, William Bozvles Esqjijre, Peter Burrel Esquire, George Heathcote Esquire, Edward Rudge Esquire, John Merrill Esquire, and Thomas Pearfe Esquire, Members of this House, to go to the House of Lords, as is desired by their Lordships, in their Message of Yesterday, if the said Members think fit.

Ordered, That the Lord Iiervey do carry the said Message.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Lord Tyrconnel reported from the Committee of Charitable the whole House, to whom the Bill for making effectual ^?ement such Agreement as shall be made between the charitable with Credi-Corporation for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting tors, them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legaj Interest, and their Creditors, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in ajt the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for further restraining Sir Archibald Gi ant, William Burroughs, Richard Wolley, and Thomas Warren, from conveying, alienating, settling, charging, making over, or incumbering, their real or personal Estates and Effects, or any Part thereof:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up: And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

6 Geo. II.

i° Junu.

Venerisi i° die Junii.

Anno 6* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1733. Prayers.

Frauds in HP H E House being informed, that some of the Tea Trade. A Commissioners of the Excise attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, a particular Account of the Frauds which have come to the Knowledge of the Commissioners of the Excise, relating to Teas, since Mid-summer 1724; and when, and at what Places, committed; with the Proceedings which have been had thereupon in the Court of Exchequer: And also,

A particular Account of the Frauds which have come to the Knowledge of the Commissioners of the Excise, relating to Brandies, since Midsummer 1724; and when, and at what Places, committed; with the Proceedings which have been had thereupon in the Court of Exchequer: And also,

A particular Account of the Frauds committed within the Bills of Mortality, which have come to the Knowledge of the Commissioners of Excise, relating to Teas, since Midsummer 1724, and when committed; with the Proceedings which have been had thereupon: And also,

A particular Account of the Frauds committed within the Bills of Mortality, which have come to the Knowledge of the Commissioners of Excise, relating to Brandies, since Midsummer 1724, and when committed; with the Proceedings which have been had thereupon: And also, A particular Account of the Frauds which have come to the Know ledge of the Commissioners of Excise, relating to Brandies, since Midsummer 1724; and when, and at what Places, committed; with the Proceedings had thereupon: And also,

A particular. Account of the Frauds which have come to the Knowledge of the Commissioners of Excise, relating to Brandies, since Midsummer 1724; and when, and at what Places, committed; with the Proceedings had thereupon.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

CharibWe An ing1*0^ Bill for making effectual such Agreement as shall be made between the charitable Corporation for Agreement Re];ef of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, and their Creditors, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 1. L. 7. To leave out the Word " the," and insert " a;"

L. 9. To leave out the Words " more than," and inlert " in Prejudice of Press 2. L. 29. After the Word " Securities," to insert " Security."

L. 33. After the Word " Estates," to insert ‘ Estate.’

Prels 3. L. 22. After the Word, " over," to insert " transporting

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making effectual such Agreement as shall be made between the charitable Corporation for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, and their Creditors; and for the further disabling Sir Archibald Grant, William Burroughs, Richard Woolley, and Thomas Warren, foora alienating or transporting their Estates or Effects.

Vql. 22.

Ordered, That the Lord Tyrconnel do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Charitable whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the charitable Corporation, Corporation for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in a General Court, was referred; with the Appendix thereunto, and the Proceedings of the House thereupon; be printed: And that Mr. Speaker do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do prelume to print the lame.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Brandon’* Amendment, made the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Debt to the An Act for vesting in Trustees the unsettled Estates of 10Wn’ William Brandon, deceased, to be sold, for Payment of a Debt due from him to the Crown; and for applying the

Residue of the Money arising by such Sale for the Benefit of his Family.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Prels 3. L. 20. Leave out from " Mat chin' to the First " and, " in the 27th Line of the same Press.

' L. 31. Leave out " said:

L. 32. Leave out " aforesaid

Press 4. L. 24. After " Brodna.vinfert " and was C£ then also seised in Reversion, in Fee, expectant upon " the Death of one Susannah Robinson, Widow, who is " since deceased, of and in all that Farm, and Lands " thereto belonging, called or known by the Name of " Great Thornis, situate, lying, and being, in the Parish " of Northwood, alias Norwood, in the said Isle of Wight,

" and County of Southampton aforesaid, which now are,

" or late were, in the Tenure or Occupation of Matthew " Tricket

And the first of the said Amendments being read a Second time;

An Indenture, bearing Date the 24th Day of December 1700, and made between Alexander Alchorne, of the City of Winton, in the County of Southampton, Esquire, of the one Part; and William Brandon, of Portsmouth, in the said County, Gentleman, of the other Part; being offered to the House, in Support of the said Amendment, was brought up to the Clerk's Table, and read.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the rest of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second, time, w ere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Winnington do carry the Bill to the Lords and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration tile Regulating Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled. Juries, &c. An Act for making perpetual the several Acts therein mentioned, for the better Regulation of Juries; and for continuing the Act for regulating the Manufacture of Cloth, in the West Riding of the County of York, except a Clause therein contained; and for continuing an Act for the more effectual punishing w'icked and evil-disposed Persons going armed in Dilguife, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and to prevent the cutting, or breaking down, the Bank of any River, or any Sea Bank; and to prevent the malicious Cutting of Hop Binds; and for continuing an Act, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England; and for reviving and continuing certain Clauses in Two other Acts made for the same Purpose.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Prels 1. L. 22. After " perpetual," add Clause A; viz.

X x " And,

York Buildings - Company.

Mitchell

Writ.

Leave for Members to attend the Lords.

Supply Bill Sinking Fund, &c.

170 1° — 4* Junii. 1733.

" And be it Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, " That the Justices of the Session or Assizes for the " Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham, " upon Motion made on behalf of his Majesty, his " Heirs or Successors; or on Motion of any Prosecutor " or Defendant in any Indictment or Information, for " any Mif iemeanor; or on the Motion of any Plaintiff " or Plaintiff's, Defendant or Defendants, in any Action, " Cause, or Suit whatsoever, depending or to be brought " and carried on, in the Courts of Session or Assize of " the said Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and " Durham; or in any of them, shall and may, in case " such Justices, in their Discretion, shall tiiink fit, order " and appoint a Jury to be struck before the proper " Officer of each Court respectively, for the Trial of " any Issue joined in any of the said Cafes, in such u Manner as special Juries have been usually struck in the Courts of Law at Westminster, upon Trials at Bar " had in the said Courts; which Jury, so struck, as " aforesaid, shall be the Jury returned for the Trial of " such Issue as aforesaid/’

Press 1. L. 25. Leave out u said :"

Press 3, L. 9. After " that," insert " if:"

In the Title of the Bill, Line 3d, after " Juries," insert " and for impowering the Justices of Session or " Assizes for the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, c< and Durham, to appoint a special Jury, in manner " therein mentioned:"

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, and Clause A the Third time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Towers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of die Proprietors of the Stock of the Governor and Company for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, assembled in their General Court held at their House in Winchester-street, the Twelfth Day of January 1732, is referred, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Mitchell, in the County of CornwallI, in the room of Thomas Farrington Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Auditor of his Majesty's Land Revenue within the several Counties of the Principality of Wales.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning.next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 40 die Junii;

Anno 6° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1733. Prayers.

T H E Lord Hervey reported, That he had, pursuant to the Order of the House of Thursday last, acquainted the Lords, That this House had given I^ave to Sir James Lowther, Sir John Eyles, John Rudge Esquire, Gabriel Roberts Esquire, William Bozvles Esquire, Peter Barrel Esquire, George Heathcote Esquire, Edward Rudge Esquire, John Merrill Esquire, and Thomas Pearfe Esquire, Members of this House, to go to the House of Lords, as was desired by their Lordships, in their Message of Wednesday last, if the said Members should think fit.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen, and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to apply Five hundred thousand Pounds out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the

Year 1733; and for the further Disposition of the said Fund, by paying oft*One Million of South Sea Annuities; and for enabling his Majesty, out of the Monies arisen by Sale of Lands in the Island of St. Christopher, to pay the Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds for the Marriage Portion of the Princess Royal, and Ten thousand Pounds to the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America; and for making good all Deficiencies and Charges, by taking Broad Pieces into the Mint, out of the Coinage Duty; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for issuing to the Sub Dean, Treasurer, and Steward, of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster, out of the Monies reserved for building Fifty new Churches w ithin the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof, and for making Provisions for the Ministers of the fame, Four thousand Pounds for the Repair of the said Collegiate Church, and Twelve hundred Pounds for finishing the Dormitory belonging the reunto; without any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Biff, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballaitage in the River Thames, with an Amendment: To which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House , And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Messuages, Houses, and Buildings, in Mark-lane in the City of London, the Estate of George Harvest, an Infant, to be sold; subject to the Payment of Twenty Pounds, and Four Pounds Ten Shillings, per Annum, charged thereupon; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to such Uses as the Premises to be sold now stand limited; with feme Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Complaint made to the House the Ninth Day of last Month, of a Breach of the Privilege of this House, committed against Sir Richard Lane, Knight, a Member of this House, be received upon Thursday Morning next.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Parishes, and other Places, from such Charges as may arise from Bastard Children born within the same.

And the said Amendments w ere read; and are as follow; viz.

Press # L. Leave out " begotten," and, instead thereof, insert " gotten :*

At the End of the Bill, add a Proviso, marked A:

A: <c Provided always, and bejt further Enacted, by " the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for " any Justice or Justices of the Peace to lend for any €t Woman whatsoever, in order to her being examined u concerning her Pregnancy, or supposed Pregnancy, or " to compel any Woman to answer to any Queliions " relating to her Pregnancy; any Law, Usage, or Custom, " to the contrary notwithstanding.

The First Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second Amendment, which is, by adding the Proviso, marked A, being read a Second time;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the said Proviso; viz.

Line 4. After the Word " whatsoever," to insert c< before she shall be delivered:"

Line 6. After the Word " Woman," to insert " before she shall be delivered

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The laid Proviso being read the Third time;

» Resolved,

Thames

Laftage and Ballaitage

Hanreft'a

Estate.

Privilege.

Bastard

Children.

6 Geo. II. 4 — -5 Junii.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment, fa amended.

Ordered, That Mr. Croffk do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lordships, with Amendments to One of them: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Performance Ordered\ That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

tatine rev^g 8X1 Act, made in the First Year of his present Majesty s Reign, intituled, An Act to oblige Ships coming from Places infefted more effectually to perform their Quarantine: and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man; and to hinder the Spreading of Infection: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Walpole, and Mr. Pelham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ditto- Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for reviving an Act, made in the First Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to oblige Ships coming from Places infefted more effectually to perform their Quarantine; and for the^ better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Mpn; or to hinder the Spreading of Infection: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be now read a Second time.

And the said Bill was accordingly read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 50 die yunii;

Anno 6° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1733.

Prayers.

THE House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Messuages, Houses, and Buildings, in Mark-lane, in the City of London, the Estate of George Harvest, an Infant, to be sold, subject to the Payment of Twenty Pounds and Four Pounds Ten Shillings per Annum, charged thereupon; and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchaseof other Lands, to be settled to such Uses, as the Premises to be sold now stand limited.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 3. L. 32. Leave out " or felling :"

L. 34 and 35. Leave out " the said Houses " cannot be fold, nor

L. 36. After " Money, insert " cannot be Prese 4. L. 6. Leave out from "that" to "from1’ in the 16th Line of the feme Press:

L. 19. Leave out from " Thirty-three" to " Henry Vincentin the 24th Line of the same Press; and, instead thereof, insert " it shall and may be lawful "t.o and for

L. 25, 26, 27. Leave out " Thomas Cranmer, "of Kingston upon Thames aforesaid, Doctor in Physick Vol. 22.

and, instead thereof, insert " the said George Tafh

L. 28. Leave out from " Oilman" to the First " or," in the Fourteenth Line of the (ith Press:

Press 6. L. 19. Leave out from " Premises’" to aforesaid," in the 22d Line of the same Press; and^ instead thereof, insert in " Mark-lane

L. 33. After " Foregift" insert cc and

Press 7. L. 3. Leave out fromiC every" to" Provided," in the 2d Line of the 8th Press; and instead thereof, insert " the Leaie and Leases, to be made pursuant to " this Act, shall be as good and effectual, to all Intents and " Purposes, as if the said George Harvest the Infant had u attained the Age of One-and-twenty Years, and <c executed the fame

Press 8. L. 3. Leave out " not, nor shall any;" and, instead thereof, insert " out of the Rents and Profits of ct the Premises, be paid the Charges of passing this Act,

" and all other Charges, and Expences that they, or iC either of them, shall be put unto, in the Execution of <c the Trust hereby in them reposed; and that they:"

L. 5. After " them," insert " shall not L. 24. Leave out from " Premises," to the Second " as," in the 26th Line:

In the Title of the Bill, L. 1. Leave out " vesting " in," and, instead thereof, insert " enabling;" and, in the same Line, afterct Trustees," insert " to make Leases of."

L. 4. Leave out from " Infant" to the End of

the Title.

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Vincent do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Sir John Cope, from the Committee appointed to Frauds in inquire into the Frauds in the Customs, to the Prejudice Customs. of Trade, and Diminution of the Revenue, acquainted the House, That the Committee had agreed upon a Report to be made to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Plumptre, from the Committee, to whom the York Petition of the Proprietors of the Stock of the Governor and Company for raising the Thames Water in York p Buildings, assembled in their General Court held at their House in Winchester-street, the 12th Day of January 1732, is referred, acquainted the House, That the Committee had agreed upon a farther Report to be made to the House, when the House will please tp receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow,

Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Performance Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for reviving Quarantine an Act, made in the First Year of his present Majesty st Reign, intituled, An Act to oblige Ships coming from Places infefted more effectually to perform their Quarantine; and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain pr Ireland, or the Jlles of Guernsey, Jersey, AlderneySark, or Man\ and to hinder the Spreading of Infection.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Walpole took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Walpole reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereto; which they had directed him to report, wlen the Hoqfe will pleaseto receive the same.

Ordered, ThatJ;he Report be now received.

Mr.

171

5° — 6° Junii.

A. 1733.

Performance

of

Quarantine.

Mr. Walpole accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 6° die Junii;

Anno 6* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1733. Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill for reviving an Act, made in the Fii....

First Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to oblige Ships coming from Places infefted more effectually4 to perform their Quarantine; and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man; and to hinder the Spreading of Infection; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for reviving so much of the Act, made in the First Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to oblige Ships coming from Places infefted more effectually to perform their Quarantine; and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man; and to hinder the Spreading of Infection; as relates to the Performing of Quarantine, and the preventing the Spreading of Infection; and to enable his Majesty to prohibit Commerce with any Country or Place infefted with the Plague, for a certain Time therein limited.

Ordered, That Mr. IVilpole do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Thames The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

Laftage and Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill,

Bali alt age

Laftage

intituled, and Bal-

York

Buildings

Company.

An Act for the better Regulation of lastage in the River Thames:

And the said Amendment was read; and is as follows; viz.

At the End of the Bill, add Clause A:

A: " And be it further enacted, That this Act shall " continue and be in Force, from the said First Day of " June 1733, for and during the Space of Five Years, and u from thence to the End of the then next Session of " Parliament, and no longer. "

The said Amendment being read a Second and Third time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Winnington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Mr. Plumptre, according to Order, reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Stock of the Governor and Company for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, assembled in their General Court held at their House in Winchester-street, the Twelfth Day of January 1732, was referred, That the Committee had agreed upon a further Report of their Proceedings, which they had directed him to make; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; together with an Appendix thereunto: Where the Report was read; and is as follows; viz.

Your Committee, since their last Report laid before 24

this House, have finished their Examinations into the Mismanagements alleged by the Petitioners against several Persons who have been in the Direction of their Affairs; and agreed on the following State of the Fasts which have appeared to them.

In this Inquiry they have received some Informations from Members of this House: All other Witnesses have been examined in the most solemn manner.

Your Committee beg Leave to refer to their former Report, for the general Constitution and Regulations of this Company, which are there set forth; and shall, in this, as Occasion shall arise, take notice of the particular Orders and Provisions necessary tow ards forming a Judgment upon the several Fasts under Proof.

The First Complaint of the Petitioners, which your Committee found material to lay before the House, is, That several Persons, whilst they were in the Direction of the Affairs of the Company, have unwarrantably taken upon them to employ Part of the Calli in buying several Parcels of Stock, and also to fell several Parcels of the same; and, great Loss having fallen upon the Company by these Transactions, the Petitioners think they have Realbn to suspect, that these Bargains were at first entered into with private Views; but, proving afterwards bad, were brought to the Account of the Company.

The Petitioners have shewn, in the Calli Book of Mr. Burgess, the late Cashier, That, between the 28th of August 1721, and the 13th of February following, both Days inclusive, there was bought £. 39,800 Stock, which cost the Company £.13,041; the Entries in the Calli Book, of the several Parcels of Stock which make up this £. 39,800, express them to have been bought to supply the Third Payment of Tickets fold for the Use of the Company: There appears no written Authority for the Buying of this Stock; but Mr. Burgess has delivered in to your Committee, and attested in the most solemn manner, an Account of the Stock bought whilst the Earl of Westmorland was Governor; in which he fays, that this £. 39,800 Stock was bought by the Order of the following Persons in the Direction, Mr. Cockburn, Mr. West, Mr. Harrison, Mr. EJfmgton, Mr. Hai'vey and Doctor Welsted: and Mr. Abraham Edlin, a Broker, who, by his Account produced to your Committee, and compared with the Calli Book, appears to have been employed in buying <£. 21,000, Part of this £. 39,800 Stock, being examined, said, That he transferred the said £. 21,000 Stock to the Lord Westmorland, by Order of Mr. Cockburn, Mr. West and Mr. Efjington: The Tickets here mentioned relate to a Lottery, which will be explained in its proper Place.

There farther appear, in the Calli Book, several Parcels of Stock bought between the 14th of February 1721-2, and the 14th September 1722, both Days inclusive; making, together, £.104,950 Stock; for which the Company has paid £. 27,359 7s. 6d.; and between the 23d February 1721-2, and the 21st July 1722, there was fold £. 120,750 Stock for £. 29,058. 13*. 6d.

At the Rate at which the <£.104,950 Stock was bought, the £. 120,750 Stock fold should have produced £-3i>478 5 5; hut it yielded no more than£. 29,058 13 6. the Difference is £.2,419 11 11; to which must be added several Payments, which appear, in the Books to have been made for Differences on Bargains, and for Commission and Transers, not included in the above Sums, amounting to £. 467 95. and making the whole Loss to be £. 2,887 on.

Mr John Billingsley, who was Secretary at the time here mentioned, being examined as to these Transactions, said, That he never knew of any Authority from a General Court, or Court of Assistants, for buying and selling this Stock: That he has searched the Books, and finds no Entry of any there: That he believes this Stock was at first bought on private Persons Account, and afterwards charged to the Company: Being asked the Reason of his Belief, he said, That, at the time of a Committee of Proprietors appointed to examine into the Affairs of the Company in 1723, the Calli Books, or One of them,

had

6 Geo. II. 6° Junii 173

had several Leaves taken out, and others put in; or new Books were made, lo iui’ert theie Articles of Stock bought and sold.

Mr. Burgess, the then Cashier, said, That £. 39,800 of the Stock lii ft bought, was to answer the Demands of the Owners of Blink Tickets in the Company's First Lottery, who, by the Terms of that Lottery, were intitled to £. r> Stock for every Blank; and the Articles in his Calli Book, which nmke up this Sun, are entered in Words to that Effect: He said, That the Gentlemen in the Direction, who were concerned in the Buying and Selling of the Parcels of Stock, were Mr. Ficncs Uarrifon, Mr. John Fitrla/, Mr. William Poyntz, Mr. John Effing-ton, Mr. John Merrhceather, Richard West, and John Cod.burn, Kli(litres: That Mr. /test bought no Stock, and Mr. Cockburn but £. 1,000, but they were consenting to the 13tniiii! of it; That he heard the Kealbn given by those Gcnth men, in frequent Conversation amonglV themselves, lor having Scoek, was, to of pole some Persons in 'Change-alley, who had coilihined to run down the Stock; One of the chief of which was Mr. St even ton, who was Aguit for Lord / Fc ft more land: That the Way, in which these Gentlemen proceeded in buying and selling, was, to take C.ifli from him; for which they gave him KecMpts, and lie did not niter what l.c paid them in hh Book: They then bought and sold Stock; and, when they had linished their 1 ranfnetions. they severally gave him Accounts of what they had done, returned what Money they bad in Hand, and took up their Receipts; and he then entered in his Accounts the Purchases and Sales, according to the 'limes and Sums they gave him: That Mr. West, Mr. Poyntz, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Furley, Mr. Fifing ten, Mr. Merrhrvather, and sometimes Mr. Cockburn, used to meet at Taverns, to conlult and agree when to buy and sell; and they gave Orders to Brokers accordingly.

He was present at several of those Meetings, and heard the Resolulions taken: That Mr. Cockburn went, about that time, to Scotland; but, while be it a id in England, he was generally with the rest; and very early gave his Approbation of these Transactions; but bought only <£1,000. himself: That he issued the Money by Order of a Committee of the Court of Assistants, called the Committee of Treasury; and w hen he was first made Cashier, the Court of Assistants toll him. That he must obey all Orders of the Committee of Treasury, mid issue Money as they directed: That, for a little while, he took die Minutes of the Committee of Treasury; but they were then discontinued for a Year, as he believes: That lie believes some of the Stock was bought before the Discontinuance of the Minutes; but much the greater Part after: That lie apprehends the Reason for discontinuing the Minutes was, that Lord Westmorland, the then Governor, might not know* of the Transactions of buying and selling Stock for the Company, there being then a Mifundtrfomding betw een the Assistants and his Lordship, on account of Steccntons Doings, above-mentioned. Your Commit tie must here take Notice, That tiic Minutes said above to have been taken by Burgtjs, are now missing: Burgess declares, he never took any Minutes at the Committee of Treasury, but when they dinfted him to do it

Mr. John Billingsley having mentioned an Alteration in Mr. Bui gels' Catli Book, the Petitioners proceeded to give farther Evidence about that Matter.

Mr. Samuel Faux, being called, and examined, said, That he came into the Company’s Service about the time of their Eirlt Lottery, in 1721; and continued about Three Years: That lie w as chiefly employed under Mr. Burgc/s the Cashier; but did also other Business: That, in a Calli Book, marked A; prepared to be laid before a Committee of Inspection, in the Year 1723, there were several Alterations:

That Mr. Burgc/s employed him to make up his Calb Book, from several private Accounts, and Ioofc Papers: That afterwards he delivered it to Burgc/s; who made several Alterations, as he thought proper; and cast up the Vql, 22.

Totals with a Lead Pencil, and rubbed them out again; York and returned it to the Examinant, to transcribe; and this Building was done several times: That these Alterations consisted Company-of several Articles of Stock and Lottery Tickets, interlined, and several Rafures of Sums and Items: That he takes it to have been a cooked thing, to make it appear a pluulible Account to the Committee of Inspection: That lie believes, Mr. Cockburn, Mr. West, and Mr. Har^i/on, who were in the Direction, knew very well of his training and altering the Cadi Book; because they were very intimate with Mr. Burgess, and more busy than the rest in the Company’s Affairs: He also gave another Reason, relating to some Lottery Tickets, called Loan Tickets; which will be explained hereafter: He said. He took some of the Leaves, which had been torn out of the Book, and gave them to Mr. Engier.

Mr. Thomas Engier, who, by the General Court Book, appears to have been chosen an Assistant on the 1 lth of June 1723, and cenliired and diliniffed on the 26th of the same month, being examined, said, That, in 1723, there was a Committee of Inspection appointed, at the Desire of the Earl of Westmorland, then Governor; and he, this Examinant, was One of that Committee.

The Examinant then delivered in to your Committee several Papers relating to the Company, which had been in his Custody; and, among the relt, Eleven Leaves, w hieh, he laid, he had of J'aux. These Leaves being shewn to Mr. Faux, he declared them to be the same which had been taken out of the Calli Book (A), and which he delivered to Mr. Engier.

The Folios are numbered in Order, from the Credit Side of Fol. q. to the Debt Side of Fol. 22. inclusive, excepting the Credit Side of Fol. 15. and 19. the Debt Side of Fol. 18. and 20. and the intire Folios 16 and 17. which are wanting. There are in them many Rafures and Interlineations; and the Book, as it now stands, does not intirely agree with the Leaves so altered.

Mr. Francis Mofcley, befog examined, said, That he was fupcrnumerary Clerk in Mr Burgess s Office: That the Calli Book (A) was made up for the Committee of Inspection by one Green, since dead, Faux, and himself, and some Farts of it written by Burgess' sown hand: That Mr. Burgess told them, it was for the Committee of Inspection, and in great Haste: That it was intirely made up during the time of that Committee; and they were all employed, at once, to ivrite it from loose Sheets: That sometimes Mr. Burgess came to them, and brought Things to he put in; and their several Sheets were at last put together, and made into a Book.

Mr. Burgess befog examined as to this matter, declared,

That the Book was not made up to answer any particular Purpose: That there were several Mistakes made in it, which were altered in his Office; and he told the Gentlemen of the Mistakes, and they directed him to write over that Part where the Mistakes were, and none else. Being shewn the Eleven Leaves above-mentioned, he owned them to have been taken out of the Book:

And laid, That the Occasion of the Alterations w'as, that some of the Gentlemen, who had bought and sold Stock and Tickets, did not bring in to him their Accounts of those Transactions, till after the Book was written; and then those Articles were inserted; and, as he thinks, the Leaves were altered.

Being again examined, at the Desire of Mr. Cockburn, he said, That the Stock which Edtin and Symonds w ere rommissioned to buy, w>as originally designed to answer the Lottery Tickets loid for Money, and intitled to demand Stock, and not bought for private Use, and after brought to the Account of the Company; That the buy* ing of this Stock was lb far from being concealed from Lord Westmorland, that the Stock bought ivas transferred intoJiis Lordlliip’s Name.

Your Committee have seen Mr. Symonds' Account, in which the Stock bought by him amounts to £.11,800 and, being compared with the Calli Book, it appears that this wfa$ Part of the /. 39,800.

Yy Mrs

1.

174

6° Juttii.

A. 1733.

York Mr. Burgess farther said, That he was ordered to make Cma^an^ a re§u*ar Cash Book in or about December 1722: ompany. at ^ine> he had never heard of any Committee

of Inspection being designed, nor at any time after, till the very Day on which it was appointed, viz. 2d May 1723: That he never had, at that time, any Conversation with Mr. Cockburn, about the Leaves taken out of the Book 5 nor has any Reason to believe, that Mr. Cockburn knew of them: He acquainted the Committee of Trea-fory, that he thought it necessary the Book should be written over fair: but he thinks Mr. Cockburn was not then present: That the Alterations in the Book were not on account of any Transactions of Mr. Cock burns, but on account of Stock bought and sold by other Directors, That he has no Reason to believe, that Mr. Cockburn, Mr. West, and Mr. IJarrifon, transaded any thing, or were privy to any Transactions which the other Directors, who generally attended, did not know of: That, for ibme time after his being first made Cashier, he had no Reason to suspect any of the Directors concealed any thing from Lord Westmorland, the Governor; but, on the contrary, he was often employed in Mess.iges between them. Being asked, at what Time he first observed a Shyness in the Directors towards his Lordship, he gave a long Account of that Matter; which belonging chiefly to the Affair of the Lotteries, will be more properly reported under that Head: He said, That he never had any Reason whatever to suspect, That Mr. Cockburn, by himself, or by a Broker, bought and sold any Stock belonging to the Company; That he, never knew any Acquaintance of Mr. Cockburn's acting as if he had' Intelligence from that Gentleman; buthasheardfomeofMr. Cockburn % Friends t>lame him for not letting them into the Know ledge of Things they might have made an Advantage by: That the Stock bought by the Directors was not all resolved oil at once, but as Occasion arose; and all the Gentlemen concerned in that Matter were not present at every Meeting, but some at one time, some at another: That wheh Mr. Cockbufn undertook this Measure, the Inducement, as he remembers, Avas to prevent the Falling of the Stock, by a Practice of the Brokers, who, on Transfer Days, used, immediately after the Closing of the Books, to offer Stqck at^or \per Cent, cheaper than it had just ’beforfe sold at; whereupon the Directors resolved to buy some 'Stock, against the next Transfer Day, of Persons Whom they foppoled were felling Stock, which they had hot; and this would force the Sellers to buy Stock, to deliver, and so keep up the Price; and accordingly the Directors did inquire at the Books, whether some of the Sellers had any Stock: That Mr. Cockburn had the Money to pay for £. i,oco Stock one Transfer Day, and returned it the next, and, to the best of his Remembrance, the Balance of the Bargain paid the Broker and the Transfer: That he has often heard Mr. Cockburn complain, that this Method was not followed; and Mr. Cockburn repeated those Complaints to him, in Letters from Scotland: He never heard of any Copartnership in buying and selling the Stock.

The Petitioners have also shewn another Instance of Buying of Stock, not included in the Cash Books, but in a supplemental Account settled between Mr. Burgess and a Court of Assistants, as appears by the Minutes of the said Court of 19 June 1728, w here Mr. Burgess is allowed £. 1,971. 175. 6d. for £.15,000 Stock, there said to have been bought by the Committee of Treasury

Mr. Burgess, being examined as to this, said, That this Stock was bought by Order of Sir John Meres, then Governor, and Mr. Hayley and Mr. Fotherby paid for it; they took the Money out of the Chest, and, in its Room, left the Broker’s Bills of the Transactions; which have been allowed him as Caffi in the Balance of his Accounts.

Two only of the said Broker’s Bills were found amongst the Papers of the Company, one of them dated 12th November 1723> for <£5*000 Stock, bought for £ 634. 7. 6. Commission included, and payment of the

Money ordered on it by J. Meres, R. Fotherby, Wnu Billers; the other dated 19th of the same Month, for £. 5,000. Stock bought for<£. 671. 17s. 6 d, Commission included, with a Direction on it to Mr. Buroe/s to pay it, signed J. Meres, Tho. Hayley, R. Fotherby. Sir John Meres appears, by the Books, to have been at that time Governor, and the other Three Gentlemen Assistants; but there is no regular Order extant for buying this Stock, or any Footfteps of the lea ft Necessity for it.

Under this Head of Stock bought lor the Company, the Petitioners place Two Articles of Stock bought, or taken in, for private Persons, who never repaid the Purchase-money, but left the Stock on the Company’s Hands.

These Two Articles appear in Mr. Burgess*s supplemental Account aforesaid, in the Minutes of the Court of Assistants, the 19th Day of June 1728; One is for " £. 1,194. 11.?. paid for £.7,000 York Stock, in the " Names of Benjamin Brittain and John Mitford, " transferred to die Company's Tniitees, Monteage and " Bishop. This is explained in Mr. Burgesss before-mentioned Account of Stock purehaled, when Lord Westmorland was Governor, in thele Words; " £. 7,000 " taken in for Mr. Richard Woolly, and paid for with " the Company’s Caffi, by Order of Mr. Fotherby, Mr. " Iiays, and some of the Committee of Treasury; " which Stock, not being redeemed, was transferred to " the Company’s Trustees."

The other Article is for " £. 545 paid by Sir John " Aleves' Order, for <£.4,000 Stock for Mr. Hacket And the Petitioners have produced a Letter, attested to by Mr. Burgess, directed to the Court of Assistants Of the York Buildings Company, dated October 9th, 1723, and ligned Ro. Hacket, to this Efte&> That he had bought £. 4,000 of the capital Stock of their Company, at 13-f, to be delivered the next Day; and if they pleased to let that Stock be taken in for One Month, he would pay the Difference, whatever it might be, upon Sale thereof, at the End of the Month, if not iboner fold, by his Direction.

Under this Letter is an Order to Mr. Bishop, then Under Cashier, in these Words;

" Mr. Bishop, October 10th, 1723.

" By Order of Sir John Meres, you are to pay to " Mr. Hayley £. 545 to pay for the Stock above-" mentioned.

" <£ 545. " E. Burgess*

And, on the Back, is written thus:

4C December 30th, 1723.

H These are to certify. That the Sum of ,£. 545 " mentioned on the Back hereof, was issued by a verbal " Order of the Court of Assistants, to Mr. Hayley, to pay u for £. 4,000 York Stock, for the Use of Mr. Hacket, i€ and no-ways for the Use and Behoof of Mr. Hayley; c< and that the said Stock was transferred to William " Ruttery the 10th of 0<3o6e/* last; which now stands, " and has ever fmee stood, in the Name of the said " William Rutter.

" E. Burgess

The Teeming Inconsistence between this Certificate and the preceding Order, as to the Authority by which this Money was paid, is reconciled by Burgess: Who, in his Examination, said, That the Stock was paid for with the Company’s Money, by verbal Orders given him by Sir John Meres, fitting in the Chair in the Court of Assistants: That when Mr. Hacket applied for this Loan, the Gentlemen of the Treasury opened the Chest, took out the Sum, and left the above Letter in the Chest, as a Memorandum of it, and directed this Examinant not to bring it into his Book, because it was only a Loan for a Month:

That the Money was not repaid when he left the Office, and he knows not whether it has been since.

Your Committee find not in the Books any Minute made of either of these Transactions.

16. Second

6 Geo. II

6° Junii. 175

Second Complaint.

That the Company has suffered considerable JLofies in the Management of their Lotteries, through the undue Practices of several of the Persons who were in the Direction of their Affairs.

In an Act of the Seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, it was enacted, amongst other Things, lhat, for the better enabling the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, to raise and pay the Government the Price or Consideration-money for the forfeited Estates they had purchased, and intended to purchase, it should and might be lawful to and for the said Company, and their Successors, from tune to time, to grant, fell, and dispose of, Rent-charges, or Annuities, to the full Extent and Value of such of the said Estates, as were 01* should be, at any time or times, by them purchased, in or by Wav or Method of Lottery.

Under this Authority, the Company, at a General Court held the 8 th Day of August 1731, agreed on a Scheme for a Lottery for the Sale of Annuities on tingle Lives, to the Amount of £. 13,000 per Annum; some of the Terms of which were as follows: For every Ticket there was to be paid to the Company £.5; of which 30*. to be paid upon taking out the Ticket, 306*. more on or before the 9th Day of the then next September, and the remaining 40 Shillings on or before the 7th Day of the then next October; which last Payment might be made either in Money, or in the Stock of the Company, after tire Rate of jC.40 per Cent.: And, in case of Default made in the Secona or Third Payment on Ticket, within the times before-mentioned, such Ticket was to be forfeited to the Use of the Company, who might make out and dispose of another Ticket, in the room of the fame.

There were to be 56*330 Tickets, of which 11,366 Prizes, of various Values, and 45,064 Blanks, each of which would intitle the Owner to jf.5 Stock, out of the common Stock of the Company.

Soon after this, an Encouragement was given to Adventurers, by an Order of a Court of Assistants held the 23d day of August 1721, in these Words:

Ordered, That the following Advertisement be inserted in the Daily Courant, and other Papers:

"The Governor and Company of Undertakers for " railing the Thames Water in York Buildings, having "been applied to by several of the most considerable " Adventurers in their Lottery, offering to make the Third " Payment of 40,9. on their Tickets in Stock, on or before "the 9th Day of September next, which is the time " the Second Payment of 305. is due, if the Company u will lend them the Second Payment, at legal Interest; " the said Governor and Company do hereby give Notice to all Persons who shall have taken out Receipts, " and shall make the Third Payment in Stock, at 40 per " Cent. on or before the 9th day of September next, they " will lend the Second Payment, being 30^. per Ticket, " until the Expiration of One Month after the drawing " the said Lottery shall be finished, the Adventurers " paying the Company legal Interest for the fame; which " Interest shall not commence till the 7th Pay of Q8.ob.er " next, the Day on which the Third Payment foal I have " been made."

It appears, by the Books of this Lottery, that not JJalf of the Tickets were disposed of to Adventurers; but the Company stood the Chauce of the rest, and proceeded to drawing on the 11 th of December 17.21.

On the 9th Day of February following, foe Court of Assistants agreed to a Scheme for a Second Lottery, and published it in Print foe next Day. By this, Annuities on Angle Lives were to be disposed of to the Amount of £.8,889. 1 $s. per Annum, on the Terms following: The lottery was to consist of Five Parts, or Drawings; after each of the Four First of which, new Tickets were to be taken out, by every Person who designed to be an Act-Vol. 22.

venturer in the next Part: The Pride of a Ticket in each Tori* Part to be Fifty Shillings; and the Blanks of foe former Buddings Lottery to be taken at 50 Shillings: Half of the Price of wapany. the Tickets in the First Part to be paid in Money* or Blanks, at the time of subscribing to the Lottery, and the other Half in Money, on or before the First Day of March then next; and, in case the Second Payment were not made by that time, the First to be forfeited, and the Tickets to remain at the Dilpofel of the Company.

The lowest Prizes that came up in the Four First Parts of the Lottery, intitled their Owners to have a good Share of their Money returned to them; and, upon their relinquishing this Claim, and paying in as much Money as the Claim amounted to, they nan a Right to as many new Tickets in a subsequent Part of the Lottery,' as they had such Prizes in the preceding. In the subsequent Parts, 21 Days were given for renewing; and Tickets not renewed in that time, lost their Right of Renewal.

On the 37th of April 1722, the Governor acquainted a General Court, then held, with feme Alteration that had been made in this Scheme:

And, in the Minute Book of the Court of Assistants,. there is, on the First of May 1723, tins Order entered:

Ordered, That the following Advertisement be inserted in the Gazette, Daily Courpnt, and Whitehall " Evening Post:'9

" York Buildings House, April 27foj 1723.

" The Governor and Company of Undertakers for " railing the Thames Water in York Buildings hereby " give Notice, That, pursuant to what they acquainted " the General Court with this Day, they will take 4 " Blank in their last Lottery for a Ticket in their present " Lottery, of such Proprietors as shall desire the fame, on or before the 11 th of May next; and that of those " who have paid Money for Tickets in the First Part of " their present Lottery, they will take a Blank for a " Ticket in the Second Part of the fame, for the like " Number of Tickets they have so paid for with Money " in foe First Part.

<c May lft, 1722.

" Whereas the Governor and Company of tfndertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings ci did lend 30 Shillings per Ticket upon several Tickets " of their last Lottery, repayable, with Interest, in One " Month after the Drawing of foe said Lottery was " finillied: And whereas the Money so lent upon some " of foe said Tickets has nor been repaid, foe said Governor and Company do hereby give Notice to all " such who are possessed of the said Tickets, That they " do pay the said Loan, on or hefore the 2 2d Instant*

<e to their Cafoier, who will attend at their House every " Day, from Ten to One, and from Three to Six, to " receive the same: And they do hereby further give c< Notice, That whoever shall not repay foe Money solent " upon the said Tickets, on or before foe Day above

" mentioned, shall forfeit the said Tickets: And the said " Governor and Company, after the said 23d Day of this " instant May, will not grant Annuity Bonds for the " jPrize Tickets, nor deliver Stock for their Blanks, or " take them in Payment for Tickets, in the subsequent " Parts of their present Lottery, unless the said Loan be " paid on or before the Day above-mentioned: Of which " all Persons concerned are hereby desired to take Notice."

This Lottery also failed of being complete; for, out of 51,400 Tickets, of which foe Five Parts should have consisted, no more were disposed of than 27,796.

By this Account of these Two Lotteries, taken from foe Books of the Company, attested by their Officers, gnd from the printed Schemes published by them, it appears, that no more Blanks of the First Lottery, than what were in the Hands of foe Adventurers, could justly be admitted into foe Second; nor could any of those Adventurers Blanks be admitted, but those* on which foe Loan of 30s. had been repaid within the time fixed for that Purpose: But foe Petitioners have shewn that 3,997 Blanks of foe First Lottery have been admitted into foe Second, more than could fairly be in foe Possession

of

176

6° Jun

A. 1733.

York of the Adventurers; which, at 50s. a Ticket, makes Ticket; the Company being distressed for Money at that

Compaify a Lois of £. 4,992. ioa\; and that 5,612 Blanks of the time; and be. heard them say, They must either take in

First Lottery, on which the Loan of 30.?. was not repaid the Loans, or break up the Company: That the Order

till after the time prefixed, were also admitted into the given by them for doing it was only verbal; and he believes

Second Lottery; making thereby a Loss of 20,9. upon Lord Westmorland was then in the Country, and knew

each Ticket; and amounting, in the Whole, for <£.5,612: not of it. Being then asked, Whether this Order extended

A Computation of this whoie Matter is in the Appendix, to all the Loan Blanks that should be brought ? he

N° I. which has been attested before your Committee; answered, He could not say as to that: There was one

and the several Fasts upon which it is formed have Eden, who applied to Mr. Cock bum and Mr. West, as

been proved from the Books of the Company, and from having been serviceable to the Company, and he had several

authentic Accounts of Mr. Henry Symonds and Mr. Hundred Blanks taken in; That the Order, at first, was

Abraham Edlin, who were commissioned by some only for Eden; and then extended to Mr. Isaac Cox, Mr.

Gentlemen in the Direction to get off some of the Tickets Hankel, Mr. JVatfon, and Mr. Merr exveal her: That he

for the Company. couid not say the Order was general, nor that any body

To shew by whose Means this Loss was incurred, the in the Direction was refuted. Being asked, Whether some

Petitioners called Mr. Samuel Vaw.v: Who, being exa- of the Gentlemen in the Direction were not ignorant of

mined, laid, That the Blanks, in the First Lottery, on this Matter, as well as the Governor ? he said, Mr. Cock-which the 30$. advanced by the Company had been burn, Mr. EJ/ington, Mr. Hankel, Mr. West, Doctor repaid within a certain limited time, were intitled to be Welsted, Mr. Gascoigne, and Mr. Harrison, knew of it; exchanged for Tickets in the Second Lottery; but those whether the rest were acquainted with it, he could not say; on which the said 30s. had not been repaid, w ithin that but it was talked of in the Alley: That he has no Reason time, were of no Value, but were bought up for Six to think, that any of the Tickets brought by Eden Pence, ora Shilling a-piece, in the Alley: That many of belonged to any of the Gentlemen in the Direction; and these lapsed Blanks were afterwards brought.to the Office, knows not that any of them had any Concern in Tickets and had the Loan written off, as repaid with Interest: but what w'ere in their own Names: They brought in as

That once, as he was writing oft' some of those Loans, it many Blanks as answered the new Tickets ihey took out happened that Lord Westmorland was coming into the in the Second Lottery; and, lie believes, they bought up Room; and Mr. Burgess, the Cashier, knowing of it, as many of the lapsed Blanks as served for that Purpose, desired him to hide the Tickets, that my Lord might not which were but few: He believes they might be bought in fee them, and to seem to be about foncthing else; Mr. the Alley for I lais a Crow n, or perhaps a Shilling, before West and Mr. Cockburn were then present, and expressed the Loan wfas repaid on them; after the Repayment, that he should hide the Tickets from Lord Westmorland: they were at 35.9. to 40 Shillings: He heard Mr. Harrison That the Repayments were dated as" if made within the say, He bought his very cheap. Being asked, Whether due time: That many thousand such were written off, he knew any of those Blanks retufed Admittance? he and other Clerks besides him employed in it: That for said, He remembers one Pullen applied to him some time doing this he had no Orders but from Mr. JBurge/s: That after Edens Tickets were admitted; and he represented when the Tickets were so marked, they would fell in the Pullen's same to a Committee of Treasury; but they Alley for 38, 39, or 40,9. That there was a private Book, ordered him to give Pullen a Hat Denial; and he believes kept by Mr. Burgess, where the Blanks, so antedated, no such Blanks were admitted to Repayment after this: were set down. That one Isaac Cox had some Blanks admitted; he

This Book has been produced to your Committee; applied a Second time for more, and then was refused: and by it the N umber of Tickets, admitted to repgy the This Application was late.

Loan, is 5,418, the principal Money received on them Mr. Burgess, being again examined at the Desire of <£.8,128. 10.9. and the Interest <£. 412. 11. 1. besides Mr. Cockburn, was asked, At what time Mr. Cockburn which there are 194 such Tickets in other Books: The began to shew a Shynels towards Lord Westmorland, Tickets brought in are distinguished in Lifts; and against about the Company’s Affairs, or concealed any thing from each Lift is letdown the Name, or Letters, seeming to be him? lie said, He thinks the First time was about the initial Letters, of the Name, of the Person who December 1721: That then Edlin and Symonds were brought the Tickets in that Lift: Mr. Burgess has made employed in disposing of the Company’s Lottery Tickets an Extract from his Books, and attested it, in which he in the Alley; and had managed so, that^ the Brokers were reckons 1,004 of these Tickets, redeemed out of time, to fond of them: At that time Mr. Steventon applied to have belonged to Persons, who were either of the Court the Court of Assistants for a Quantity of those Tickets*; of Assistants, or of the annual Committee joined to that and the Court was unwilling to grant them, fearing the y Court; viz. To John Cockburn Esquire 80, to Fiennes would interfere with Edlin and Symonds; and link the Harrison Esquire 150, to Richard West Esquire 261, to Price, by overloading the Market: Upon that Lord Mr. Joel Watson So, to Mr. Hays 126, to Mr. John Westmorland desired Mr. Steventon might have them; Merreweather 117, to Doctor Welsted 80, to William for they were to be sent to Holland, and so would not Jones Esquire 80, and to John Strachey Esquire 30. prejudice what Edfyn and Symonds were doing: The Court Mr. Burgess said, That, alter the time limited for thereupon consented; and then Mr. Steventon desired he repaying the Loans on the Blanks in the First Lottery, might have them that very Night, if possible, because a several of those Blanks were brought in, and concealed from Sloop was to fail for Holland the next Morning.

Lord Westmorland; he cannot lay for w hat Reason but He pressing so hard, the Court ordered the Tickets to this, that my Lord was no great Friend to the Company; be got ready immediately; and the Examinant thinks and, about that time, there w as a Difference between his Steventon had them that very Night; and the next Lordship, and some Gentlemen in the Direction: That, Morning, by Eleven o’Clock, 300 of those Tickets were when Faux was once writing oft*some Loans on the Blanks, bought in the Alley: The Directors being informed of it, he did, he believes, order him to hide them from my procured the Knowledge of the Numbers on the Tickets Lord: Whether Mr. Cockburn and Mr. West were then so bought; and by that found them to be Part of what present he knows not; but he had general Directions from Steventon had had: This spoiled the Sale of the Tickets, Mr. West, Mr. Cockburn, Mr. Harrison, and Mr. EJfing- which were in a good way of being disposed of, and few ton, in a Committee of Treasury, for such Concealment: were taken out afterwards:

This was by a verbal Order, and not by a Minute: Half That another Caule of Disgust was in 1722, soon after the Transactions of that Committee were by 'verbal the Riling of the Parliament, when Lord Westmorland Orders, and not entered in their Minutes: That the rigorously prefibd Payment of some of the Company's Inducements to these Gentlemen to take-in these Blanks Bonds he was possessed of, though the Company was theii after the time limited, w as, the getting in the 305. per bare of Calli; and Mr. Steventon executed his Lord’s

Orders,

6 Geo. II. 6° Junii. 177

Orders, on that Affair, in a manner hurtful to the Credit the Company; to save which the Directors were forced to advance or borrow Money on their own Credit:

That he, the Examinant, has often heard, That Mr. St even ton bought and sold in the Alley, as if he was immediately acquainted with the Rfcfoiutions of the Court' of Assistants: That all the Gentlemen who used to attend the Committee of Treasury shewed a Shynels towards my Lord from the time of the Business of the Tickets: and, as to Mr. Cockburn, in particular, he, this Examinant, never saw Cause to apprehend that Gentleman’s Shyness proceeded from any Consciousness of doing wrong, but only from the lteafons above given.

Being aiked, Whether the admitting Repayment of the Loans on the Blanks, after the time fixed for it, could be a Secret? he answered, He thought it was not a Secret to any body; for the People who were posscfTed of the forfeited Blanks were every Day applying to be admitted to the Repayment of the Loan; and pleading, that others had been so indulged: That he was directed to speak of it to them as of a Favour; but he apprehended the admitting these Repayments was an Advantage to the Company; who, at that time, very much wanted Money to answer great Demands upon them; and it encouraged filling the Lottery:

That he remembers well, that, at a General Court held in July 1723, after Mr. Cockburn had disqualitiedhimself from the Direfilion, the Transactions of buying and selling Stock, of dispoiing of Tickets by Edlin and Symonds, and of the Loan on Tickets, were canvassed for Five Hours together, in the fullelt Court that ever he saw; and Mr. Cockburn often called on the Proprietors to know if they had any thing to charge him with ,* and, if they had, to do it then, and not throw Dirt afterwards; but the Court feeined thoroughly latblied with all the Transactions.

After these two Lotteries, a Third was undertaken, pursuant to the following Resolution of a General Court, held on the 31st Day of July 1723:

" Resolved, That the Court of Assistants be, and they " are hereby, directed to make a Lottery, confuting of so " many Tickets as shall answer to a Ticket for every " Hundred Pounds Stock; and that the said Tickets be " valued at £. 4 10 s. Money a Ticket, on Annuities " upon Three Lives; and that Ten Days, after publick " Notice, be allowed the Proprietors to take out the " said Tickets at Three Pounds per Ticket; and that the " remaining 30 s. be, and is hereby declared, as a Dividend cn the said Stock, for Midsummer last; and that " such Tickets as shall not be taken out by the Proprietors, the Court of Assistants shall and may dispose " of as they shall think fit; but not under£.4 10$.

" Money per Ticket Hereupon the Court of Assistants printed and published a Scheme for such a Lottery, dated 16 August 1723, by which the Price of each Ticket was to be £. 4 10 s. but the Proprietors, who had paid in all their Calls, were allowed Ten Days to take out One Ticket per Cent. upon their Stock from the 16th Day of August to the 26th, inclusive, at the Rate of £. 3. per Ticket:

But contrary to these Restrictions, there were 760\ Tickets delivered out, at £. 3 each, to Persons who either had no Stock, or not Stock enough to entitle them to the Number of Tickets they took; or who were Defaulters in Calls, that had been made by the Company, on their Stock, as has been verified by an attefied Extract from the Company’s Books, with the Names of the Persons, their respective Numbers of Tickets, and the Difubility which each of them lay under j and in this Extract there appears 200 Tickets, over and above the said 769 delivered to William Lilly without Money, or Stock: The Loss to the Company, on these Tickets was 30 s. per Ticket on 769!, and £.4 10$. per Ticket oh 200, making £.2,053 *7*

Mr Humphry JBJhop, being examined on this Matter, laid, That he received no Money for the 200 Tickets let down to Lilly; but Mr. Burgess, under whom lie acted. Vox; 22.

told him, that he had delivered those Tickets to Lilly: That he, this Examinant, wrote Notice of this to Sir John Meres, then Governor; but knows not of any thing done thereupon: That he received Three Pounds per Ticket fol* all the fest of the Tickets* and knows not whether any were fold for £.4 10 s. He had, from the Accountant, a List of the Persons who had Stock; and he. delivered out the Tickets by that.

Mr. Burgess said. That he had* from the Accountant, a List of the Proprietors; but he delivered a large Number of Tickets, at £.3 each, to Persons who were not in that Lift; and this he did by express Orders from Sir John Meres, who, he believes, gave him a List of such Persons: That, by Sir Johns Direfifions, he did deliver to Mr. Lilly 200 Tickets, for which he received nothing but Mr. Lilly's Receipt.

The laid Receipt bus been produced to your Committee in these Words, " London, November lft 1723. is Received then of Mr. Ebenezer Burgess, by Direction " of Sir John Meres, Governor of the York Buildings cc Company, Two hundred Tickets of their Third Lottery; for which I promise to be accountable/’

" Witness William Lilly £ ‘

" Geo. SadleirJ

Sir John Meres being aiked, Whether he knew of any Tickets disposed of in this Lottery, under £.4. 105. a Ticket, to Persons who were not Proprietors? said, He believed all were disposed of under £. 4. 10 s; for none could be sold for £.4. 10 s.; they might be had, in the Alley, at £.3. 5s. to £.3. 15 s. per Ticket, or thereabouts* Being aiked, Whether lie gave any Orders for dispoiing of Tickets at £. 3 ft Persons not Proprietors ? he said, He gave not any particular Orders, but as he fat at the Board, with the Court of Assistants:

That the Board gave Orders for Lilly and Dale to have some Tickets, only on account of Dewli6fc Lands: That Lilly was not a Proprietor of Stock; they were not disposed of to him as such: Lilly computed them at £. 3,' but he, the Examinant, reckoned them at £.4. io,y.

Third Complaint.

That, in order to spread a deceitful Opinion of the Value of the Stock, by which particular Persons might gain Advantage, several Dividends were made, though the Company had no Profits to divide out of, and, at the times of those Dividends, was greatly in Debt.

Your Committee, in the Appendix to their former' Report, have laid before the House, a State of these Dividends; and must here observe, that, upon inspecting the Books of the Company, they find that One of the Seven Dividends, viz. the 4th, took its Rife from a Motion in the General Court, on the 6th of January 1723: The rest were declared upon Recommendations from the Court of Assistants, introduced to the General Court by Speeches from the Chair full of Representations of hopeful Prospects of Advantages to the Company.

The Persons who, by the Books of the Court of Assistants, appear to have been present at the several times when these Recommendations were resolved on, were as follows: On 22d November 1721, for the First Dividend, the honourable John Cockburn Esquire, Assistant and Deputy Governor, John EJington Esquire, Fiennes Ilarrijon Esquire, Richard 1Vest Esquire, Martin Harvey Esquire, Assistants; Mr. Henry Cairnes, Mr. John Furleyf Mr. Abraham Henekell, William Jones Esquire, Robert Welsted Esquire, Mr. Joel Wqtfbn, of the Committee.

On the 27th of April 1722, for the Second Dividend, the Right honourable Thomas Earl of Westmorland\ Governor; the honourable John Cockburn Esquire, Fiennes Harrison Esquire, Assistants; Christian Cole Elqui.e, Mr. John Fur ley, William Jones Esquire, Mr. John Merreueather, William Poyntz Esquire, John Strachey Esquire; Robei't Welstead Esquire, of the Committee.

On the 6th of December, 1722, for the Third Dividend, Mr. Samuel Forster, Robert Fotherby Esquire, Fiennes Harr Jon Esquire, William Poyntz Esquire, Assistants; John FJJington Esquire, Mr. John Fur ley > Mr. Abraham Z z Henekell

York Buildi Company

178 6° Junit. 1733.

York Hatch ell, Mr. John Hayes, William Jones Ei quire, Mr.

Building* Robert Thornton, Mr. JW (Valfbn, Robert /Volstead Co^iipany.^ £|Vjuire, of the Committee;

On the 30th December 1723, for the Fifth Dividend, Sir JW/h Meres Governor; Thomas Hay ley Esquire, Assistant; J#/*;* Peachy El quire, Robert I3 ant mine Esquire, Mr. Reheard Holloway, of the Committee;

On the 17th of Jw/e 1724, for the Sixth Dividend, Sir ./0/w Mms Governor; Borland Aynjicorth Esquire, Robert Tot her by Esquire, Jqfcph Gascoigne Esquire, William Squire Esquire, Assistants; Mr. Kdzeard Holloway, John Peachey Esquire, Thomas Milner Esquire, of the Committee.

On the 16th of December 1724, for the Seventh Dividend, Sir John Meres Governor; Rowland Aynjworth, William Squire, Daniel Burr, Richard Lech mere, Joseph Gascoigne Esquire, Assistants; Thomas Hay ley, James Wilkhfon, James Marye, John Peachy Esquire, of the Committee.

The Petitioners have shewn, in the Minute Book of the Court of Assistants, an Entry of the 1 Sth January 1726, wherein an Account is stated with the late Commissioners for Sale of the forfeited Eftatrs; by which it appears, that, on the 2(1 th Day of October 1721, an Account was made up between the said Commissioners, and the Company, wherein the principal Money for the Four first Estates which the Company bought, was discharged: but there remained a Balance due to the Government, lbr lute:eft, to the Amount of £. 5,913 17$. S fur Interest; upon which the Company charge themselves with £. 21 0.?. 9d. to the 21st November 1721, when they paid off'£. 1,000; end from thence with £. 1,283 1 1 J upon ^.4,934

18.?. !)Jrd to 2d February 1726-7:

Which thews, that, at the time when they declared their First Dividend, they were lb much in Debt, as to pay Interest upon an Account for Interest, and continued so during all the Seven.

Mr: Bishop, the Cashier, being examined, said, That, at the time of making the Three last Dividends, he believes the Company was in no Capacity of making Di-, vidends; which he judged from several Transactions that happened in relation to their Dills of Exchange: That he believes they divided out of the Capital; for if the Dividends had been made out of the Profits, he must have known something of it.

Mr. Mont cage laid, That he was Accomptant when the Dividends were made, during the time when Sir John Meres was Governor: That he believes, that they were not made out of Profits; but there was no perfect Account kept, nor is there one to this Day; and lie does not remember, that, previous to any Declaration of Dividends, the Governor and Assistants called upon him to know the State of their Accounts; and that there is no Account kept of the Profits upon the Company’s Estates in Scotland.

Mr. John Billingjley, being examined, confirmed the Evidence of Bishop and Mont cage.

Roxvland Aynjicorth Esquire laid, That he was in the Direction about Two Years; first as of the Committee, and then as Assistant: That he knows of no Account made up previous to the Dividends declared in his time:

That the Dividends could not be out of the Profits, unless Idling of the Stock were allowed to be a Profit; he believes the Dividends were made to encourage the

' Purchasers of the Half Stock to make their Payments: That he remembers not that there was ever any Debate ' in the Court of Assistants about declaring of Dividends: He believes Part of the Purchase-money for the Scotch Estates remained then unpaid, but thinks it did not carry Interest: He never heard it mentioned whilst he was in the Company: That, whilst he was in the Di-rection, the Company made no Profits; but, by their Charges and bad Payments, run behind-hand more and more every Year.

By the Company's Books Mr. Ay n/north appears to have been cholen into the Committee the 2d of October 7-3; and from thence into the Number of Assistants

on the 20th January following, where he continued till the 21 ft of September 1723: It is necessary also, in order to explain Part of his Evidence, to observe, that, on the 26th of November 1720, the General Court ordered a Call on their Proprietors, of 23 per Cent, on their nominal Capital; offering them, at the same time, the Option of transferring, to Trustees' for the Company, £. 30 per Cent, of their respective Stocks in lieu thereof: They all chole to transfer Ilalf their Stock to the Company’s Trustees, with whom it remained, till, by a General Court, held 3jft July 1723, it was ordered to be sold out at £. 14 per Cent.

Mr. Biugejs, being examined as to these Dividends, laid, That he knows not of any Directions ever given before a Declaration of a Dividend to make up Accounts* from whence the Condition of the Company for a Dividend might appear: and, as his Books of Calli were never posted up, it was impossible to frame a Balance: That, at the times of making the First and Second Dividends, a considerable Part of the Purchase money for the Scotch Estates remained unpaid; nor was it all discharged at the times of the other Dividends: That this Debt carried Interest; and lie paid, at one time, 700 and odd Pounds for Interest on £. 10,000 Principal.

Sir John Meres said, That whilst he was in the Di-reSion, the Company was never in a Way of making Profits; and, if they were to have had no Dividends, but from Profits, there must have been no Dividends at all; There were Accounts made up before Two Dividends, in his time; but that was only to fee what Calli they had to make Dividends; they knew they had no Profits: In his time they run out about £. 4,000 a Year more than their Income; and lately £. 6,000 a Year in Expences of the Company: That they sent a Person into Scotland to take an Account of the Company’s Affairs; w ho made a Report of £. 26,000 Debt in Scotland, which he knew nothing of; besides^. 20,000 An ears, which continued increasing.

Fourth Complaint.

That in the Year 1724, the Proprietors transferred to the Company One-half of their Stock; for which the Company allowed them after the Bate of £. 13 Money for every £. 100 Stock; and gave them Ponds for the lame, payable in Seven Years and a Half, with Interest at£ 4 per Cent, per Annum; by which means the Company be* came burdened with a grievous Debt, which lies on them to this Day.

To make the Evidence, produced on this Head, intelligible, it is necessary to premise, that that Half of the Company’s whole Capital, which has been shewn above to have been accepted of in lieu of a Call of £. 23 per Cent, in 1720, and to have been fold out again in 1723, was, after it w*as so fold, called new Stock: and as die Purchasbrs had Liberty to make good their Bargains in partial Payments, so much of that Stock as all the Purchase Money was paid in upon, was called new Stock completed.

At a Court of Assistants, held 18th Day of September 1724, present Sir John Meres Governor, Joseph Gaj-coigne, Wm. Squire, Rowland Aynsworth Esquire, Assistants *, and John Peachy Esquire of the Committee; " the Governor laid before the Court a Scheme for re-<c ducing the Company’s Stock to about Half of the present Capital, which was read; and with some Amendmerits, approved; and ordered to be laid before tho " General Court on Monday next."

By the Minute Book of the General Court it appears, That, on Monday, September 21st 1724, the Governor, with the Concurrence of the Court of Assistants and Committee delivered to the General Court a Proposal, which he recommended " as a proper and advantageous Exchange and Relief to the Proprietors over-burthened - " with Stock, by preventing One-half of it from going " to the Market; and the Capital, now too large for " the Company’s present Circumstances, being thereby " One-half reduced, the other Part would be entitled

" alone

6 Geo. II. 6° junii.

" alone to all future Benefits and Advantages, and easily " supported and made valuable.*

The Tirl't Part of this Proposal was for lending to the charitable Corporation^. 100,000, in Bonds of this Company: This never took Effect: Next a Method wa9 pro-poled to oblige the Purchasers of the new Stock to complete their Payments: Then the Entry goes on in these Words, " That the Proprietors of the said new Stock tl completed, do transfer all their laid Stock to the York " Buildings Company, in Trust, on or before the Twelfth. " Day of October next: That, in lieu of, and in proportion to, the said Stock lb completed by the Proprietors, and transferred for Account and Benefit of " the Company, in Trust, the Company to issue and deliver Receipts carrying Four per Cent. Interest, until " Payment, entitling the Bearer to the Company’s " Bonds, as herein after mentioned; the Receipts to be " demanded on or before the said 12th October next; " the Bonds payable at Seven Years and a Half; valuing " the Stock at 13 per Cent, exclusive of the Two Divi(lends lately paid."

Then follows the Form of the Receipts; and after it these Words, " Resolved, That this Court do agree to " the above Proposal, and Form of a Receipt."

" A Debate arising, whether only all the new Stock " completed, or Half of the old Stock, and Half the " new completed, should be exchanged for Receipts " entitling to Bonds, it was carried by a great Majority,

" that it should be equal to both; and that each Proprietor do transfer, in Trust for the Company, Half " his old Stock, and Half his new Stock, completed."

The Petitioners have much insisted, That this last Paragraph was not agreed to by the General Court, but has been arbitrarily inserted'in the Minute Book by the then Governor Sir John l\lercs; and they have produced his Directions in his own Hand-writing, lent to the Secretary’s Clerk for entering the Minute as it is; but as it was admitted, that it was usual for the Governor to settle the Minutes of the General Courts after they were up; and as the Evidence given on this Matter was uncertain, your Committee apprehends it is unnecessary to lengthen this Report with the Particulars’of it; and the rather so, because the immediately preceding Resolution fiands unimpeached; by which One-half of the Capital, though under a different Description, was to be sold to the Company; and all the Milehiefs, now charged by the Petitioners on the latter Resolution, would equally have flowed from the former.

The Petitioners also objected Falsification to a Minute of the next General Court held the 2d of October 1724; which, in the Book, stands thus: "A Debate arising in " relation to the Proprietors being obliged to transfer One-half of their Stock for Bonds at Four per Cent.

" and it being put to the Vote, it was carried to adhere " to the former Minutes, that each Proprietor should he " obliged to transfer Half his old, and Half his new " Stock completed, in Trust for the Company, and to " take Receipts entitling to Bonds for the lame.*’

For this they likewise produced a Direction for entering the Minute written by Sir John Meres $ Clerk; hut the Entry in the Minute Book is not entirely a Transcript of that Direction; and the living Evidence produced of the Transactions at this Court proved contradictory: Infup-port too of this Minute, it may he observed, that, at this very Court, there came on afterwards a Ballot for a Governor and Assistants for the Year ensuing; and, by the Book, it appears, that Sir John Meres w as re-deCleu Governor without One Vote against him.

However, the fatal Consequences of this Partition complained of by the Petitioners, are very evident, and make up the Four first Articles of the Account of the Debts of the Company, annexed to the former Report of your Committee; where the principal Money in Two Articles amounts to £. 71,206 \s. 6d.; and the Interest upon it, to Christmas £. 17.32, to £. 14,3.55 4?- .* And there are these other aggravating Circumstances in this TransactioB, That the Proprietors sold to the Company Vgl. 22.

their Stock at 13 per Cent, when it would not, at the York Market, have yielded them 8 per Cent, as appears by the Buildings publick Accounts of Stocks printed at that time; and ^omPau3r that, by this Artifice, they laid a Foundation for doing what afterwards was actually put in Practice; viz. felling, in their corporate Capacity, to unwary Purchasers, that very Stock which they had secured more than the worth of to themselves, in their private Capacities.

There is, indeed, in the General Court Book, an Order, made on the 28th of July 1725, upon the Motion of the Governor, Sir John Meres, which leems adapted to prevent this Mischief: It is in these Words:

" Resolved and Ordered, That £. 600,000 of the " nominal Capital of this Corporation, transferred to " Trustees for the Company, be now absolutely reduced " and annihilated, and not liable to be transferred in the " Company’s Books; and that it be left to the Governor,

" Assistants, and Committee, of this Corporation, to <£ advise thereon, and take care that the same he forthwith " done in a proper manner; and that public Notice " be given thereon, when done:" But how' effectual this Order of Annihilation was, appears l y Two other Orders, of the same Authority, in the General Court Book; the one on the 9th of November 1727, by which £. 200,000 of the said annihilated Stock is ordered to be revived, and disposed of in the manner there mentioned at 10 per Cent.; the other of the 27th of March 1728, by which £.200,000 more of that Stock was revived, to be sold at 14 per Cent.; the Produce of neither of these Parcels of revived Stock being at all proposed to be applied to the Discharge of the Debt incurred by the Annihilation of them.

The Petitioners further urged, That, at the time when Sir John Meres proposed this Division, so beneficial to the then Proprietors, and so pernicious to the Company, lie was possessed, in his own Right, of above £. ioo, uuo Stock; and he, in his Examination, owned the fame.

Fifth Complaint.

That the Governor, and some of the Court of Assistants, did, in the Year 1727, for their own private Gain, persuade the General Court to an Undertaking for buying a large Quantity of handing Timber and other Wood, at Aberncthij in Scotland; which has proved very chargeable and detrimental to the Company.

In the Court of Assistants Book there is this Minute of a Court of Assistants held the 11th Day of August 1727; present, the honourable Colonel Samuel Her fey,

Governor; AbrahamMeure, James Wilkinson; Benjamin Robinson, Joseph Somers, Esquire, Assistants.

" The Governor’s Speech, intended to be made to the " General Court of this Day, was read and approved."

This Speech is entered in the General Court Book, as made on the said 1 ith Day of August; and, in it, the Governor recommends to the General Court the Proposal following; viz.

lit, " That the Company agree to a Proposal for " importing Timber, Masts, Marble, and other Corrmiodities of the natural Growth of Scotland.'

2d, " That for carrying on the said Trade, no Call " shall be made upon the Proprietors, but the Capital <c of the Company he increased c£. 200,000; and the " Proposers of this Scheme have the Privilege of buying " it at 10 per Cent, to be paid as sass as it may be " wanted in the Trade; so as they may complete the " whole Payments w ithin 12 Mouths from the Date of " the Agreement."

3d, " The £. 20,600 thus raised, shall be a Fund for " carrying on the proposed Trade, under the Direction " of the Company, for their sole Use and Benefit; and <c for making any other Improvements upon the Company s Estates, by the Consent of a General Court."

4th, " That the £. 200,000 Stock above-mentioned <c shall he transferred by the Governor, and Two of the " Court of Assistants, to the Proposers Nominee, upon " their paying 10 per Cent. as agreed.

5th,

j

i8o 6° Junii1733.

York 5th, t( That an Inspectof shall be chosert, and sent Com^ao^5 <C ln*‘° Scotland, by the Company, to assist in the Manage-ompany. i( ment Trade; who shall report whether there

u may be Reason to depend on a considerable growing " Profit from this Trade; and whether they judge it c< capable of promising a regular Course of Dividends " upon the Capital of the Company."

6th, " That, in the mean time, for Prevention of all " Hazard on the Part of the Company, the Proposers " shall open this Trade at their own Expence; and shall l»e repaid the prime Costs and Charges ot whatever " Timber, Masts, Marble, or other Commodities, they " shall actually import, under Order and Direction of <c the Company’s own Inspector on the Spot; who will, u by this means, have a Right of Refusal, unless the i€ Profit appears visible and certain; and, should any u Lois happen, it could fall only on the Proposers; but u the Obligation of this -Article shall be understood to u continue no longer than till such Report, as above,

" shall have been made to the Company."

Then the Court came to this Resolution; viz.

" Resolved) That this Court do agree to the Proposal tl for importing Timber, Matts, Marble, or other Commodifies, of the natural Growth of Scotland, upon the " Terms and Conditions of the Six Articles now read,

" and ordered to be entered in the Minute Book of this " Court; and that the Governor and Court of Assistants,

" take ail necessary Care, that, in the executing the <c Power hereby given them, they aft in manner consistent with the Interest of the Company, and the " Power of their Charter; and that Advice of Counsel " be first had upon this Affair, so far as relates to the " increasing the Company’s Capital."

Pursuant to this Resolution, the Governor acquainted a General Court, held on the qth of November 1727, with the Opinions of Counsel, that they might revive the annihilated Stock; and also informed them, that he had given Orders to Mr. Thomas Fordycc, one of the Company’s Agents in Scotland, to view the Woods, and fend an Answer to several Queries relating thereto; which he read to the Court, with a Letter from Mr. Fordycc, as an Answer to those Queries: In it Mr. Fordycc fays, " That the Trees are certainly the largest " and finest in Scotland, and most accessible: That there u are Waters in the Woods, on which Saw Mills may,

" and have been, built: That 60,000 and more Trees " may be had at 2s. 6d. a piece, or as many Thousand " as they pleased; the greater Number the cheaper:

" That the largest Trees may be carried down to the - i( River s Mouth, where they may be shipped."

The General Court thereupon came to this Resolution:

" That £. 200,000 of the £. 600,000 formerly reduced " and funk out of the capital Stock of this Company,

" be revived, and Credit given for it accordingly, in the " Company’s Books; and that it be transferred, as €i formerly agreed to by a General Court held the 11th " of August last, by the Governor, and any Two of the fi Court of Assistants, to Mr. John Ewer, Goldfinith, <€ for the Use of the Proposers of the Timber Scheme, " which was entered in the Minutes of the said General " Court, he paying for it at the Rate of 10 per Cent, as " then agreed to."

It appears by the Minutes of the Court of Assistants, That, on the 11th of December 1727, that Court came to a Resolution to employ Mr. Allen, formerly Foreman to the King's Master Builder at Deptjord, to go to Scotland to survey W'oods for the Company; but your Committee finds not that he ever made any Report, or that he ever went: Nor are there any Minutes of any other Step towards a Survey, other than thefeTwo following; mr. That, on the same 11th of December, the Court of Assistants resolved to employ Mr. Floyd, a Lieutenant ofone of his Majesty’s Ships, to survey the Mouth of the River Spay (the River which runs from the Woods); and that, on the 13th of the said Month, they wrote to the Commissioners of the Navy, desiring that John Batt, and Four Shipwrights more, there named, might have 22

Leave to go to Scotland, to the Company’s Woods, and prepare Loading for their Ships sent thither; and the Returns from ihofe Two Persons are thus minuted in the Court of Assistants Book, on the pth of February 1727-8: c< Read, Letters from Captain Floyd, Mr.

" Strachey, and Mr. Batt,-dated 23th January, from " Conla.v/ull, in Abernethy Woods; giving an Account " of their Arrival there: That there is no fall in the River " Spay; and that they had begun to cut down 40 or 50 " Trees, from 47 to 57 Foot in Length, and 18 or 19 " Inches Diameter, being proper for the Ship now sent; c< and were going to cut down a sufficient Quantity to " load the said Ship."

And, on the 12th March 1727-8: " Captain Floyd " being arrived from the W oods of Abernethy in Scotland,

" brought the Company a Sample of the Fir Timber0 <c growing; which being tliewn to Mr. Batt, Matter " Mast-maker of his Majesty’s Yards at Deptford\ he " gave it as his Opinion, that it was of an excellent " Quality, and of the same Nature with that of Riga.'9

Your Committee submit it to the Iloufr, whether the Appointments and Reports of thefeTwo Persons, or of Mr. Fordycc, completed and determined the Provisions in the 5th and 6th Articles of the Scheme; if they did not, then all the Money that Iras been laid out in this Undertaking has been expended irregularly and rashly.

Hitherto it has been expended to the great Loss of the Company; for, by an Account made up and attested by Richard Birch, their Trade Accomptant (a Copy of which is in the Appendix, N* II.), it appears, that the Charge of the Timber Trade has exceeded its Returns by £. 27,913. 195. iold., excepting as in the Poftscript to the said Account is excepted.

As to what the ProspefcT In it for the future may be, the Petitioners have relied it upon the Opinion of Mr. Francis Place: Who said, That, having been concerned in Iron Works, and Lead, and Copper, where much Wood is used, he has gained a Knowledge of that Commodity: That he liirveys Woods, measures Timber, and understands the Nature of it: That, on the 16th of April last he surveyed the Company’s Timber Works at Aber-nethey: That, of 60,000 Trees, which they had bought for £. 7,000, they had cut down about 20,000 good Trees, worth about 2s. 4d. a Tree; and there were 10,000 standing, of about the same Value; they are fit for Plank or Deal; the remaining 30,000 Trees he thinks not worth above 6d. a Tree.

The Petitioners in support of their Expressions of Jealously, that private Views may have been the Occa-lion of proposing this Undertaking to the General Court, have produced the following Evidences.

Mr. Aaron Hill being examined, said, That he originally communicated the Timber Proposal to the Governor Colonel Horsey, by Letter from Scotland; and afterwards treated personally with him in or after February 172-f: That, at or about this time, he did mention, that the Colonel might have lbme Share in the £. 200,000 Stock: He cannot say, That the Colonel ever refilled it; he generally answered, That - he should find his Advantage in the general Good of the Company: But he, the Examinant apprehended, that, if the v_ olonel had not intended to take part of the Offer, he would have refused peremptorily.

That though, in the Minutes of the General Court, Mention is made of the Proposers of the Timber Scheme, there never was any Propoler of that Scheme but himself,

' unless the Directors considered themselves as such: That, some time before the Resolution of the General Court, of the 9th of November 1727, Colonel Horsey, recommended to him Mr. Fordycc, and Mr. Adams, the Company’s Agents in Scotland, as Two of his Friends, to have a Share in the £. 200,000 Stock; and perhaps the Word u Proposers’5 was put in the Scheme, to make way for them; but he, this Examinant, refused admitting the m.

That he did make an Agreement with the Yor t Buildings Company, relating to the Timber; but ti.is w as not

reduced

<o.

>733.

and

an I the ' ‘ I in the E Jruury '< Mr.

*rfrom 1 A- count ’ *: River ‘ V*or 50 J S or Kj

i» »‘V hit; to

n f/Vt/jf S ttVhl,

ir luiW Miint: *»»/, ue -\c in*

:na the \ ur of

l * V chi ,tha

r w. uie ti.cihy

t..it t'lf

:m= ht

TJ.'if,

: Mr. ...ctr.nJ

e u.wtc^i

a Coin* r. aid -A yd A^r-\u> J»t g n >*i Wc.e

a.x nt rs i;«

n> of

i \\w-wuJ*'h

or: A* trnwT

a arils

7*r: t the

lock:

; Its

iuue

1>

in-

jiil

nrt,

;n‘*»

l-lt

ijtj

Jit,

,n-

the

As,

the

ll

;jt

<d

6 Geo. II. 6° Ju 181

reduced into Writing; neither was the Scheme now appearing in the General Court Book, of the nth of August 1727, entirely as he proposed it; particularly the Provision in the Second Article, That the Proposers should pay in the Money as fail as it was wanted, was no Part of his Proposal, but had been rejected by him: That his Intention was, to have the refusal of the Stock nt 10 per Cent. for a Year, and not to pay any of the Money within the Year: And, after the final ReLlution of the General Court of the 9th Wovember 1727, Colonel I lor fey represented to him that Resolution as conformable to his Intention; and bid him not trouble himself about Money; they would take care, in all Events, lie should have 12 Months fectired to him: That he never understood that he was to make the Trial of the Scheme at his own Expence; and he was never required to pay in any Money for the Stock: lie thinks Sir. forr com* plained to him once, That Mr. Corbet, one of the Court ot Assistants had, in a le tter, demanded Money on the Stock; and he told Ewer the Demand was ridiculous, and he should give that Answer to Mr. Corbet: 'That about October 1728, lie wrote from Yovkshire to Mr# Ewer, his Trustee. demanding 50,000 Stock to be transferred to him: That Mr. Ewer returned him an Answer, with which he was not satisfied; and, upon his iiguifving as much to Kucr, In- threatened to give up his Trull; which he, the Examinant, afterwards found Ewer had given up Nine or 10 Months before: That, about the End o(August 1 720, lu* got one Mrs Blunt to demand his Stock of Mr. Ewert but without Effect: lie afterwards, about June 1730, applied in Person to Colonel Horsey, and demanded his Stock, or the Difference of Price; threatening in case of Rt-fufal, to file a Bill in Chancery to have the fruit performed: That he looked upon the Directors, who had taken the Stock to themselves, to be personJlv liable, and threatened them with a LawTuit, and not tie* Company: And, after Two or Three Months Delay, Colonel Horjey told lnm, he could not account for the Stock, but only treat on the I lead of Dill eremv: That the Difference between the then Price of the Stock, and that he had agreed to pay the Company, was Eight ;cr Cent, which, upon the £. 200,000 Stock, came to £.16,000 Money; but he confciited to a Compoiitiou for £.8,000; and, foou after, lie received from the Colonel 08 Bonds of the Company, of£. 100 each, in Part Payment, and the rest remains full unpaid.

Mr. John Ewer, being examined, laid, That Mr. Hill applied to him to be Tin flee for the Timber Scheme: That, at fit ft, the £.200.000 Stock w as proposed to be divided between Mr. Hill, C olonel Horsei/, himself, Mr. Fordyce, and Mr. Adams: That each of the Three first was to have £. 50,000, and the Two last£. 50,000 between them; and this was before the Proposal was made to the General Court: That, by the Word " Proposers," in the Scheme be understood Colonel IIor fey, Mr. Hill, and himself; for they talked of it before Fordyce and Adams knew of it: These Two were afterwards excluded, becanle they had not performed their Promise of going to the Highlands, and agree for the Wood, and fell it before the Sea Ion was loll: Adams never went at all, and Fordyce Haiti but Two or Three Days: That the Directors, and efptcially Mr Corbet, demanded the £.20,000 of him several times within the Year; but, about Easter 1730, he was informed they had taken the Stock to them lei ves.

William Corbet Esquire, who, by the Books, appears to have been an Afiiiiant from 291(1 September 1727 to iSth September 1730, being examined, laid. That the £.20,000 from the Proposers of the Timber Scheme, was to be paid between Michaelmas 1727 and Michaelmas 1728; but that farther Tune was given them (he cannot say how much), in hopes of getting the Money from them, which they promised from time to time, having been often pressed for it by the Directors, both before and after the Expiration of the Year: At last the Directors concluded to endeavour to take the Stock off, but some of them refilled it; and it fell out, that Colonel Horsey, Mr. Fuxlcy, and himself, were to get Vol. 22.

it disposed of; and he and Mr. Foxley had £.60,000 York Build-

each, and Colonel Horsey had £. 80,000: That he, the ingsCom-

Examinant, disposed of£. 40,000 to one Cruil, and the kauy*

remaining £. 20,000 he kept himself: Cruil gave him

£. 4,000 Money; and, in a Day or Two after, he paid

£ 6,000 for Cruil and himself to the Governor and

Directors present: This was in 1729; but the exact

T ime he cannot tell. He knows not that Hill and

Ewer had any Notice of the Stock being taken between

him and the other Two Gentlemen in the Direction;

but they often had been pivffod for the Money. As

to the Timber itself, Mr. Hill and Mr. Ewer having

told the Directors, that there were Trees in the Woods

fit to make Main malts for the First Rate Men of War;

Lieutenant JJbyd, and Mr. Ball, a Mail-maker, were,

in 1728, sent down to view them; and ilvy find, There

was not a Tree there fit to make a Main-mail for any

Ship in his Majesty’s Service; but there was itroug and

useful Timber. Being aiked, Whether any General

Court was acquainted with this Account ? lie said. No;

and the Reason he gave for it, was, that he had never

told the General Court, that there were Frees fit for

Main-matls for First Rate Men of War.

Mr. Thomas Fordyce laid, That Mr. Hill was the Inventor of the Timber Scheme; but Colonel Horsey told this Examinant, in the Presence ot Mr. Hill and Mr. Adams (as he thinks), that Mr. Hill's Name would not be acceptable; and therefore his, the Examinant’s Name, and Adams's, should be made use of as Proposers uflhe Scheme; and they were to go down t u Scotland, and vit w the Woods, and make a Report; in Consideration ot which, they should have the Refusal of £.50,000, Part of the £.200,000 Stock for a Twelvemonth, at 10 per Cent.: That the Colonel said, Hill and Eh er were also to have Shares in it; but he re-11 u 1 nbers not any-body else named: That, within the Year, and when Stock was riien to above 10 per Cent. he wrote to Ewer, to know if he had any Slock for him, the Examinant; and, if he had, tQ dispose of it for him: And Ewer, or Colonel Horsey, he remembers not which, soon wrote him an Answer, That the Scheme was altered; the Company had taken it to them fel ves.

Colonel Samuel Horsey said, That lie never agreed with Mr. Hill to have a Share in the £. 200,000 Stock; it was proposed to him, but he refused it: That he did employ Mr. Fordyce to survey the Timber, and report his Opinion; and proposed, that Mr. Fordyce and Adams should be Sharers; which was agreed to by Mr.

Hill and Mr. Ewer; but this Agreement did not take place, and therefore he did not mention it to the General Court: He does not think, that the Expectation of this Share was any Bias on Mr. Fordyce, in making Ins Report. Being aiked, Who he meant by " Proposers," in the Scheme he read to the General Court? lie said, lie meaned only Mr. HUE, afterwards, he said, he had in View Mr. Fordyce and Adams, and, on that Consideration, lie altered the Proposal he had from Mr.

Hill, from the Singular to the Plural: That he, and the Two Gentlemen who took the £.200,000 Stock to themselves, did it upon a Resolution which they came to Six or Eight Months after the Revival of the Stock:

That they were to cany on the Trade when the Woods should be agreed fur: They paid 10 per Cent. for the Stock; and were to Hand to the Loss, if any; but did not take the Stock till after the Year given to the Proposers was ended, and some farther Time that was allowed them: He does not remember, that it was agreed between Hill and him, that no Part of the Money should be paid till the Year was up: That Mr. Hill made his Demand for his Stock, or the Difference of Pi ice, on him, as Governor, and on Account of the Company; alleging, that the Company had made use of his Stock; and he did agree with Mr. Hill for the Disterence: The Demand made by Mr Hill was 16,000, which was adjusted at £.8,000; and he gave Mr. Hill, in Part of Payment, 68 of the Company’s Bonds of £. 100 each, at Par; and was to give 12 more, when they should be redeemed from one Mrs. Blunt, who 3 A had

York

Buildings

Company.

182 6°:

had them in Pledge for Money lent: He produced ME Hill's Discharge, dated 6th August 1730.

It has not been shewn to your Committ.ee, That this £.8,000 has ever been charged to the Company; but the Nature of the Colonel’s Evidence here, and some other Things which have appeared, seem to shew an Intention of doing it some time or other: For, in the Court of Assistants Book, there is an Entry, which your Committee chooses to report entire; because it both proves an Endeavour to make the above Transaction with Hill an Affair of the Company’s, and also the Opinion that Court had of the Timber Scheme itself:

Friday, 10th July 1730.

' At a Court of Assistants, 8Cc.

Prefen t.

The honourable Samuel Horsey Governor;

Benjamin Foxley Esquire, Jerom Horsey Esquire, Abraham Meure Esquire, Francis Townley Esquire, James Wilkinson Esquire.

44 The Governor acquainted the Court, That he had seen Mr. Hill, who was lately arrived from Yorkshire;

44 and who declared to him, That he intended to demand 44 £. 200,000 Stock at £. 10 per Cent. as a Reward for the Timber Scheme, proposed to the Company at a 44 General Court held the nth August 1727; but that, u before he made his Demand in Form, he would be content to know the Reasons (if the Court of Assist- ants have any) why he shoald not have the said 14 Stock transferred to him at £. 10 per Cent.

44 The Court taking into Consideration the said " Proposal Scheme; and having examined the several Transiftions thereupon, with Mr. Hill's Letters, and 4t others, in relation thereto;

44 Resolved, That the Proposal has not been complied u wiih; and that the Timber Scheme has not in any point answered the Expectations of the Company,

44 from the Character given by the Proposers; and the Court having taken the Opinion of Mr. Fane, their standing Counsel, thereupon, they are convinced, that the Proposers have no Title to the said Stock; the Company having been obliged to enter into other Undertakings, to support their Credit, after having expended a great Sum of Money on the Timber Scheme, without receiving any Profit, according to the Representations and Encouragement given them by the Proposers/*

After this Resolution of a Court of Assistants, it Should seem, that, whatever Competition Colonel

Scame to on the 6th of August after, it must rily have been on a private Account; but he appears again aiming at throwing it upon the Company, in an Answer given by him, on the 12th January last, to a Committee of Inspection; where he represents the Treaty with Hill as passing through the Hands of one Mrs. Blunt; with whom, he fays, he agreed, that £. 9,000 should be allowed for the Difference upon the Demand of Stock; and that the Payment should be prolonged for a Twelvemonth, in Expectation of the Success of the Company’s Works, whereby they would be enabled the better to make good that Difference."

The Petitioners, as a farther Proof of private and unjustifiuble Views in this Undertaking, have shewn, that, in the Charter granted the Company the 2 ift of October 1728, giving them a Liberty of trading to Scotland in Goods, Wares, and Merchandises, of the Growth or Produce of that Part of the Kingdom; there is an express Provision, That, 44 for preventing any Abuses or Inconveniencies to the Proprietors of Shares and Annuities in the said Company, no Part of the Money or Effects of the said Company, and their Successors, shall, at any time hereafter, be applied towards carrying on the said Trade, but by the Order and Direction of a General Court of the said Company, and their Successors, in that behalf assembled, and whereof there shall be at lead Seven Days Notice given in the London Gazette/*

But Colonel Horsey, in his Examination, has owned.

hnii. A. 1733.

That, after this Charter was passed, he never acquainted a General Court with it in Form: That it was never read or produced in a General Court; nor did he ever acquaint them with the Olause here cited: That Mr. Fotherby, a Proprietor, had a Copy of it; and nobody was refused a Sight of it; but no other Person asked for a Copy.

Your Committee must observe. That, by the General Court Book, it appears, That, in the next General Court after the obtaining of this Charter, the Governor, Colonel Horsey, did acquaint the Proprietors, that the Court of Assistants was pursuing the Trade from Scotland-, and mentioned Four Ships Loading of Timber then expected: Upon which the General Court came to this Resolution; viz.

44 Resolved, That the Thanks of this Court be returned to the Governor, and Court of Assistants, for their great Care, and good Management, of the Affairs of thisUompany; and particularly to the Governor, for his great Services done by his late Journey to Scotland: And that the Governor, and Court of Assistants,

44 be desired to prosecute the Timber Scheme till they have brought it to its utmost Perfection.*

How far this may be construed a Compliance with the Directions of the above-recited Clause of the Charter, is submitted to the Judgment of the Hotife.

William Corbett Esquire, b' ing again examined, at the Desire of Colonel Horsey, said. That he was elected an Assistant not long after the first proposing of this Timber Scheme to a General Court; and he acquainted Sir Jacob Acworth, One of the Commifitoners of the Navy, with it; who {hewed him a Report, made to their Board by William Batt> Foreman to his Majesty’s Mast-maker at Depford, who was sent, in the Year 1704, to survey several Woods in Scotland: Mr. Corbett produced a Paper, which, he said, is that original Report; in it there are Descriptions of several Woods, and amongst the relt, of this of Abemethy, in these Words: 44 1704. August 17, 18, and 19. We came to the Wood of Abernethy, belonging to the Lord of Grants an,l finding it hkelieft to serve her Majesty' 44 and Government, we took a diligent Survey, as 44 foHowet.h: We hored the Ground, and found Three Foot Four Inches black Earth, intermixed with a 44 brown Sand, and then rocky: We felled Eight Trees in several Paris of the Wood, it being very long, and of a great Breadth; and the least Mail we felled measured 13 Hands, and the biggest 16 Hands: The Wood is of the nature of Riga, onty a Ring of Sap of Two Inches, there being great Numbers of them: u The way of transporting is as followeth; From the Wood to the River Spey is One Mile and a Half of very level Ground; the River is, in Breadth, for 30 44 Mails in a Raft, at least; there being One Fall, in the said River, of a Rock which is called The Lynn,

44 which may easily be escaped, by taking the Masts out,

44 and drawing them -i of a Mile English.

44 This River Spey runs down by the Town of Focu- bus, and empties itself into the Sea, about One Mile distant from the Town, it bearing N. and by E. from Edinburgh/*

Robert Inwood, Shipwright, said, That, about the Year 1728, he was sent by the York Buildings Company to Abernathy Woods, to square Timber, and make Mails: That he went through them with Captain Lloyd, and Mr. Henry Strachey to view them: That he could have picked out 60,000 Trees fit for Timber and Deals; some of them fit for Top-mails, Boltfprits, and Yards; the least of them worth 2s. 4d. a Tree as they flood, and Profit to be made by them: That they cut down about 600; of which they brought away with them about 60, that run, one with another, between 60 and 70 Foot, the Diameter, at the Butt, about 2^ Foot, or Three Foot; and, at the Middle, about 18 Inches.

William Oliver, Shipwright, said, That, in December was Five Years, he was sent by the York Buildings Company to Abernathy Woods, to fell Wood for Masts, and to square Timber, along with Captain Lloyd and Robert

Inwood:

6 Geo. II. 6°

Inwood: That he viewed the Woods throughout; and believes there are there 600,000 Trees fit for Timber, Planks, Deal, Top-masts, Boltfprits, and Yards, worth 28 or 29 Pence a Tree: That they brought away with them about 60 Trees; and felled about 100 more, which they left there: The squared Timber Trees were from 25 to 40 Foot long; and about 12 or 14 Inches at the Butt, when squared: The longed round Timber was about 60 Foot long, and the Girt round in the Middle about Three Foot Six Inches.

John Mackrell, Shipwright, said, That, in December, about Five Years ago, he was sent by the York Buildings Company to Abernathy YVoods, to fell and square Trees, and went along with Inxvood and Oliver: That he went through that Part of the Wood where his Work lay: That he saw a great many Trees, but cannot judge of their Number or Value.

Sixth Complaint.

That the Governor, Colonel Horsey, did prevail with the Company to accept of the Surrender of a Lease of the Kiifyth Estate, made to James Stark; and did afterwards let the same to another Person, at a much Lower Piate. and upon Conditions more disadvantageous to the Company.

Your Committee find, by the Company’s Rook of their Estates, That this Estate of the late Lord Viscount Kiifyth was bought of the Commissioners and Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates, on the loth Day of October 1719, by Mr. Hacket and Mr. Winter, on behalf of the Company: That the net annual Rent, after Discount for annual Deductions, was then reckoned at £.775. 16$-. 6-fd. and the Purchasie-money agreed for £. 16;boo.

A Lease has been produced, dated 16th November 1721, by which Christian Colt and John Strachey Esquires, for the York Buildings Company, let to James Stark, Baillie of Kiifyth, all the Estate which formerly belonged to William late Lord Vifcouqt Kiifyth, attainted, confuting of the Particulars therein describpd, with fe-veraf Privileges, Immunities, and Emoluments therein also enumerated, for the Term of 19 Years, at the yearly Bent of £. 800 Sterling, free of all Cess, Ministers Stipends, Readers and Schoolmasters Fees and Salaries, and other Duties, Burdens, and Impositions, whatsoever; the Tenant being obliged to plant Two Trees for every Tree he should cut down for necessary Repairs; and to deliver, at the Coal-hill, a Fifth Part, free of all Charges, of all the Coal he should get; the Lease to be void in case of Failure of Payment of Rent for Two Years; the draining and improving the Isolator Bog reserved to the Company, they allowing the Tenant for what Loss or Damage he might fullain by the fame; also reserving to the Company all Gold, Silver, Lead, Brass, Tin, Iron, and Copper Mines and Minerals; they allowing, as aforesaid, to the Tenant; reserving also to the Company the Right of Superiority in entering the Vassals, with the Benefits and Casualties of Non-entry, and all other Casualties, Benefits, and Profits, anyways arising from the said Superiorities, the Feu Duties excepted; the Tenant to plant an Oak, Elm, Ash, or Fir, at the End of every 20 Foot in Length, in all Inclosures which he should make.

At the End of this Lease there is a Surrender, executed by James Stark9 in these Words:

" 1, the within designed James Stark, in Obedience to " a Letter from the honourable Colonel Samuel Iiorfey, " Governor to the York Buildings Company, dated at " London, the 15th Day of February instant, and upon " the Faith of the said Letter, hereby simpliciter renounce, surrender, and overgive, all Right, Title, and " Interest, I have in the within Lease, in favour of Mr. " Thomas Fordyce, for the said Company’s Behoof. " In Witpefs whereof 8c. At Edinburgh, 28 February "1728." '

A succeeding Lease has also been shewn, dated at London, iz March 1728, by which Colonel Samuel Hor-

Y&h. 22.

fey (reciting his Powers from the Court of Afliftarits of York 12 July preceding, and of the General Court of the Buildings 1 nth of the same Month, hereafter mentioned) lets to Companyv Daniel Campbell, of Shawfield, the said Estate at Kiifyth, for the Term of 99 Years, with all the Mines, Minerals (which had been reserved out of Stark's Lease), and the Coals, without the Refer vat ion of the 5th Part, as in Stark's Lease; and full Power to enter, and receive the Vassals of the said Estate; and, to that effect, to receive Resignations, and grant Charters of Resignation and Confirmation, and clare conflate upon Retours; and that for such Composition or Entry-monfcy as he shall think fit (which Power had been excepted out of Stark's Lease); with Right also of Presentation to the Parish Churches, within the said Estate, which had not been granted to Stark; and without any Refefvation of the Delator Bog, or Provision for planting of Trees; the Rent to be ^.500 Sterling a Year, free of all Cess, Ministers Stipends, Readers and Schoolmasters Fees* and Salaries, and other Duties, Burdens, and Impositions, whatsoever; the Lease to be void upon Failure of Payment of Three \ears Rent.

This great Difference between the Conditions of the Two Leases, the Petitioners have endeavoured to account for by the following Evidences:

The Minutes of the Court of Assistants, of 18th July 0 1 1727, in these Words:

" The Governor having represented to this Court,

" That, when he was in Scotland, Application was mad$

" to him by Memorial from Mr. James Stark, Lessee of " the Estate of Kiifyth, complaining of the Hardships " he undergoes by reason of his high Tack Duty, which " he was not able to receive from the Tenants, and " must be the Ruin of his Family: That the Truth of " this was also confirmed to him by Gentlemen of " Worth and Credit in that Country.

<c Mr. Fordyce, the Company’s Agent, being called u in, also informed this Court of the Incapacity of Mr.

" Stark to discharge his Tack Duty; and that he is m " great Arrears to the Company.

" The Governor also acquainted the Court, That " there is a Person of Worth and interest, who has " been serviceable to the Company, and wiil be more " so, who proposes to take a Lease of the Estate of " Kiifyth, upon making some Abatement in the Rent;

and to purchase it hereafter, when the Company can u make a legal Conveyance of the fame.

" Resolved, That the Thanks of this Court be given " to the Governor, for the Care he has taken in the " Company's Service; and that he be desired to continue his Endeavours and Assistance to bring the A£*

" fairs of the Company to a happy Issue; And whereas " full Powers for granting Leases were formerly given " to the Governor, when he went into Scotland; which " Powers he prudently made use of to the Advantage of " the Company’s Affairs;

" Resolved, That the Governor be impowered and u desired to let a Lease of Kiifyth, to any Person- of " Worth and Credit, upon the belt Terms he can, and " such as he shall judge moil for the Company’s €t Service.

c< Resolved, That this Minute be laid before the next " General Court for their Approbation."

Accordingly the General Court Book shews, that the Minutes of this Day were laid before that Court on the 19th July 1727; and the following Resolution passed thereupon:

" Resolved, That the Governor be impowered, and * he is hereby impowered, to accept of the Surrender " of Mr. Stark's Lease of Kiifyth Estate, upon his accounting as Lessee or Fattor, without Salary, for the " fame; and to grant a new Lease thereof, to any Person of Worth and Credit, upon the best Terms "he can, and such as he shall judge most for the "Company’s Service; and that whatever be done, "

" upon this Affair, be laid before the next General Court, when done."

And

184 6° Junii. 1733.

York And at the next General Court, held the 11th of had it, but not all over, and saw no new Improvement,

Buildings Aitgnjl following, the Governor, taking notice of some but a Wall and a Ditch, which might have been done

Company. Uneasiness, occasioned by the Powers given to the for £. 25 or£. 30: He believes ft not *, of the Estate Directors over the Estates, laid, is Sheep-Grounds, which are most improveable: That

" As to the leafing One particular Estate, it was not Two Years ago he saw a Coal-pit set down there; and " intended to giveaway any Advantage the Company Coals have been wrought there many Years, and some " had by that Estate, but by the Preference of the Lease got by Mr. Campbell; there is no Colliery near it, nor

€t to some, who had Power and Interest to serve the is it troubled with Water: I hat the Estate fu fie red not

t( Company, to encourage and engage them to do it; " thrt Circumstance of which, and the Advantages that " will accrue from it, will, in due time, appear."

The Petitioners examined very largely into the meaning of the Words in Stark's Surrender, " upon the Faith of the said Letter," and what Promile they might relate to; but the Evidence was very uncertain, and nothing appeared more authentick than a Letter from Stark to Colonel Horsey, in these Words:

"’Sir,

c< Mr. Fordycc has communicated to me the Company’s Resolutions, which, with Submission, I think " a little too hard upon me, in not al'owing me the " same Salary which they give to other Factors: It was on those 'Perms I offered to give up my 'Pack; and I " hope you will yet reconsider my Cafe, and give Mr.

0 " Fordycc Orders to make the the usual Allowances

" which the Company gives to other Factors, and " thereupon I’m willing to give up my Tack. My " Memorial fully sets forth the Slate of my Affair, to " which I beg Leave to refer, as I do not doubt of " your and the Company’s doing me Justice.

" Edinr. " I am, Sic.

" 18 Jan. 1728. " J. Stark."

They also inquired strictly who the Governor, meaned, in his Representation to the Court of Assistants, by a " Perfoti of Worth and Interest, who hath been serviceable to the Company, and would be more so."

Colonel Horsey said, That he meaned Mr. Daniel -Campbell, who had beemfemceable in speaking in favour of the Company in Scotland, where they were under an ill Character, for having purchased the Eliates, and who might be serviceable, by his Interest in Scotland, and by his Advice, and the Aliiftance he might give the -Company, if they should have Occasion to apply for any thing.

Iking examined about the Treaty between Mr, Campbell and him,k he said, That Mr. Campbell proposed to give £.500 a Year,: and no more: That this was. before his Representation to the Court of Assistants on the 12th of July 1727; and he came to an Agreement with Mr. Campbell) soon after the General Court of the 19th of thSt Month, which had impowered him to grant a Lease: That he did acquaint Marye and RobinfoU) Two of the Assistants, with the Terms of the Agreement; but he cannot recollect when, or whether he acquainted any more of them: Being asked, Why lie laid not the Agreement before the General Court ? lie said, They all knew it; and if he had thought it necessary, he should have done it.

As to the Value of the Estate, Sir Archibald Grant Baronet, being examined, said, That when Sir John Meres was Governor, he, at the Desire of Lord Foi'~ refer, treated with the Company for the Purchase of his Estate, and offered, lie thinks, £. 14,000 or £.15,000, and£. 1,000 lor the Arrears.

Mr. Richard Graham, of Glafcow, being examined, said, That he knows the Kilfijlh Estate; when the late ‘Lord had it, it Was £.800, and takes it to be worth ^between £. 900 anA£. 1,000 a Year now: That it was never racked in the late Lord’s Time: That it was of the same Yaluewhen.Mr. Campbell took it, as jt is now, excepting the Delator Bog, which is now in.a probable Way of being drained, and, when perfected, will be an Improvement: He has seen such drained Ground let for 10 or 12s. an Acre, which was worth little or nothing before; One-half of the Bog belongs to Wigtoim Castle: He believes the Company’s Part may be 100 Acres: That he was upon the Estate ftnee Mr. Campbell

in the Rebellion; none of the Rebels came that Way: That Stark kept in his Hands nothing but the Parks, and leased out the rest to Tenants, for more than paid the Company* as commonly reported amongst the Tenants.

Mr. Thomas Fdrdyce being lliewn a Paper found amongst Colonel Horsey\s, attested it to be a Copy of a Memorial which had been lent to him by Stark; and that his Clerk made this Copy; and he tranlVnitted it to the Company some time in 1726 or 1727: In this Memorial, Stark, who is fiuce dead, sets forth, That he has tried the Estate Three Years*; that he is a Loser by it, and it will ruin him and his Family; and that it will require a considerable Sum to park and inclose the Estate:

Mr. Fordycc said. That he believes a prudent in* dustrious Man, that had Money to lay out, and take in Inclosures, would be able to make the Rent that Stark gave for this Estate; and he believes, when Stark took it, others offered for it as much as he gave: That lie, the Examinant, once said to Colonel Horsey, That lie thought the Estate let too low; and the Colonel told him, as a Reason for it, That Mr. Campbell could do the Company Service; but he did not explain what: That Stark was promised, before he fur rendered, his Account should be settled as Factor, and not as Tackf-man; but he knows not whether Stark would have refused to surrender without this Promise.

Henry Cunningham Esquire, a Member of this Hotife, informed your Committee, That, wliilft Sir John Meres was Governor, some of my Lord Kilfyth's Relations defined him to purchase the Estate; and lie presented a Memorial to the York Buildings Company, who desired him to give it to the Directors: That Sir Archibald Grant, Mr. Marye and Mr. Robinson, came to hitn, and agreed to his Price; but infilled on having £.4,000 of it paid down: Upon that he wrote to his Friends in Scotland what had passed; and they begged of him to go on, and not let the Money put a Stop to it: Upon which he proceeded, and thought it had been aCoturaft; the Price was to be £. 16,000, of which £. 4,000 to be paid down, and £. 2,000 a Year, with Interest, till the rest was paid; but the Company could not then make a Title, and the Matter dropped: He then thought it worth £.800 a Year; and takes the Estate to be now worth £. 16,006, and no hard Bargain: He knows not whether Colonel Horsey was acquainted with his Proposal.

The Petitioners have produced the original Accounts made up between the Governor and Stark, the 14th of September 1728, for'Five Years, ending with 1726; and an Abstract of them is hereunto annexed, N° HI, by which it appears, that Stark was allowed a Salary as Factor, notwithstanding the Resolution of the General Court; and that the Rent, exclusive of Eels, Repairs, Stipends, Watching, and Law Charges, comes out, at an Average, £. 784. i6i\ 11 id. a Year.

Colonel.Ilorfey said, That, when lie let the Estate to Mr. CapifibelL, lie did not think it worth above £. ,500 a Year Peny Rent: That he was never offered £. 16,000 for ft; one Mr. James Graham once offered him £. 1 j ,000 or £,12*000 for it, in behalf of the Family: He does not remember that Mr. Cunningham ever offered him Money for it; nor that ever he heard of an v Agreement come to between him and some of the Assistants.

Daniel Campbell Esquire, a Member of this House, informed your Committee, That, in 1727, he hearing the re was a Design in some Gentlemen of purebsfing some of the Company’s Estates in Scotland, and not being

acquainted

6 Geo. IL . 6* jfunih

acquainted with Colonel Horsey, he desired a Frtend to bring them together; who did so: The Colonel then told him, That Tome Gentlemen had madea Proposal to buy the Kiljylli Estate: That Estate lying in his, Mr. Campbell*s, Neighbourhood, and he not being willing it should fall into the Hands of Persons Enemies to the Government, proposed to the Colonel to take a Lease of it: The Colonel said. The Lessee had offered Jo surrender his Lease; and then he, Mr, Campbell, offered £.500 a Year for a Lease of 99 Years: And the Colonel said, He would represent it to the Court of Assistants; but insisted upon £. 600: To which he, Mr. Campbell, replied, He would give no more than he had offered, the Estate being in a bad Condition, and out of Repair: That, some time afterwards, the Court of Assistants invited him to a Glass of Wine, and gave him the Lease: That he never gave a Farthing to Colonel Horsey for it, nor any Consideration besides the Rent; nor did the Colonel desire any thing: That, fiijce he has had the Lease, he never made £. 600 a Year of it, clear Rents; though he has laid out above £. 500 in Improvements, building Park Walls, and repairing Tenants Houses, and the Mansion-house:That he would give £. 15,000 for the Estate: That he never received a Farthing for entering Vassals: That though the Right of Presentation to the Churches is mentioned in the Lease, the Act of Parliament has reserved that to the Crown: That there is a Coal-mine, which he has let for 21 Years, Rent-free, only the Lessees are to be at the Charge of making a Level, which has already cost them £. 500; but he hears there is a very thick Body of Coal; One of the Lessees is his Second Son: That the Agreement with Cotonel Horsey was about a Week or a Fortnight before the Lease was granted: That noService to the Company was demanded of him by Colonel Horsey \ nor did he ever do them any, but only by endeavouring to keep the People about their Estates quiet; though he was willing to do them any Service in his Power; because they have laid out a great deal of Money in Scotland: He added. That one Inducement to his taking the Lease was, that he understood, by Colonel Horsey, that some Gentlemen, Relations, to the Rebels, had, in the Year 1726 or 1727, entered into Terms, and made Propofols to a Knot of People, to join, and purchase all the forfeited Estates they could.

Seventh Complaint.

That the same Governor had drawn the Company into an expendve and dangerous Bargain, in taking a Lease of certain Lead-mines at Strontein in Scotland, called the Swinnard Mines for a long Term, and at an excessive Rent, certain, upon a very uncertain Prospect of Advantage to them.

The Petitioners produced to your Committee a Deed, dated 31st July 1730, between the Duke of Norfolk, Sir Gervas Clifton Baronet, Sir Robert Clifton, and Sir Robert Sulton, Knights of the Bath, Sir Archibald Grant Baronet, George Wade Esquire, William Nelson, Merchant, Richard Graham, Merchant, Peter Murdock, Merchant, and Sir Alexander Murray Baronet, on the one Part; and the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Puddings on the other Part: It recitqs a Lease, dated 15th February 1724, granted by the said Sir Alexander Murray, to certain Persons therein named, of all Lead Ore, Lead-mines, Rakes, Pipes, and Flats, of Lead Ore, and Copper Ore and Copper-mines, Veins and Beds of Copper Ore, and other Ore, within the Lands of him the said Sir Alexander Murray, \n the Shires of Argyll and Peebles, for 30 Years, from the 25th Day of March then next ensuing, at the Rent of One-sixth Part of the Ore, when got, and made merchantable; which Lease, and Premises, were, by several mesne Alignments, become vested in the Persons above-named: The Deed then sets over to the Governor and Company the said JPreinifes, from the 24th Day of June 1730, for the Reminder of the said Term of 30 Years; they paying to Vox. 22.

the said Alexander Murray the said Sixth Part of the said Ore, J as aforesaid, and also to the Afligriors above mentioned the annual Sum of £. 3,600; for the due Payment of which, the Company, hefides other strong Covenants, tie their Estates of Winton, Marifchall, Panmuir, Kilfyth, Aiton, Linlithgow, and South o/k.

To shew the Steps taken in managing and concluding the Bargain, and the Success they have had, and rpay expect, from it, the Petitioners have produced the following Evidence:

A Letter from Colonel Horsey to Francis Place, in North Britain, dated 28th March 1730:

In this the Colonel acquaints Place, That he has a Prospect, with some of his Friends, of purchasing some of the Shares of the Lead-mines near Fort William; and desires him to view them, and fend his Opinion, as soon as possible, left the Opportunity should be loft.

Place*s Answer to Colonel Horsey, dated 23 April 1730-

In this he gives his Remarks on the Minp; and adds, " I am satisfied that this Work wopld turn out good u Profit; but as it is managed, and to be subject to the " same for the future, I would neither be concerned, <c noradvise any Friend to be, no, not if they would "make a free Gift of a Share; but, if the Partner^ " would agree to have a proper Personof Judgment to give the necessary Directions, ’twould, I am persuaded, " answer well."

Colonel Horsey*s Letter to Place, dated id May

1730.

In this he acknowledges the Receipt of Place's Rer port of the Mines; he fays, He has made some Advances towards getting them for the Company: That the Partners say, they were once offered £. 40,000 fox* their Lease: He thinks, if he could have them for an annual Rent, not exceeding the Interest of the Money, it might be worth their while: He asks Place's Opinion, Whether this Work could be carried on, without neglecting Lord Hopton's, and Eagle, and their Iron; for, in that Cafe, he would drop the Timber, and employ their whole £. 10,000 per Annum upon their Lead and Iron Works; he cannot but think it will answer well.

Fr. Place's Letter to Colonel Horsey, dated 7th May 1730-

In this, after some Remarks on the Management and Charges, he observes, That all Mines in the World are uncertain; and after adds, concerning the se; " What " renders them less valuable, is their being loaded with " such a heavy Dish as the Sixth; there being but few " Works which either pay, or are able to afford, that €t Share: And then, if they are obliged to work during u the 30 Years, without having it in their Power to " leave off at Pleasure, *tis still worse."

Fr. Place's Letter to Colonel Horsey, dated Sth May 1730-

In this he gives a Calculation of the Profit of the Mine, which comes out at £ 2,700 a Year upon the Ore, and £. 2,100 more upon the Lead, upon a Supposition which, he fays, is uncertain; and what no Man living can be positive of: He fays, " In his Opinion " ’twould be a most extravagant Rent to give £. 2,000 " per Annum, which is the Interest of the £. 40,000 " they say has been offered for the Mines; which "is Four times more than he thinks them worth:" And he enforces the reserving a Liberty of declining the Work whenever Poverty or Accident shall require it.

On the 14th of May a Court of Assistants was held, confiding, as by the Minute Book of Colonel Horsey, the Governor, Benjamin Foxley, Jerom Horsey, James Wib-kinson, Abraham Mure, and Francis Townley, Esquires, Assistants, wherein the Governor acquainted them with the Opportunity that offered of getting the valuable Mines of Swinardfor the Company, and with Place's Report of them, contained in his Letter of the 23d o (April; and laid before them the Proposal of the Proprietors of those Mines, in which, the Rent of £. 3,600 a Year is

3 B asked 2

York

Birldings

Company.

i86

6° Junii.

A. 1733

fork

Buildings

Company.

asked: He told them also, that Proposalshad been made to those Proprietors by another Society: Upon which the Court resolved to take the present Proposal into farther Consideration the next Day at Four of the Clock.

Accordingly on the 15th the Court met again; the same Persons were present as the Day before; and they came to the following Resolution:

44 Resolved, That it appears to this Court, by several Calculations made upon the Expeo’ce of raising Lead,

44 by the Accounts procured from the Proprietors of the Mines, and the Quantities to be raised upon the present Veins discovereri, that a considerable Profit may be 14 made, over and above the Rent demanded; and, in 41 the regular Prosecution of it, may be rendered very valuable to the Company: And that, as it likewiseap- pears that the Reason of the present Proprietors part- ing with these Mines proceeds from a Want of constant Supply to work the fame; which, as a Copart- ner/h ip only, they are not able to judge; Resolved, u That the Governor be empowered, and he is hereby empowered, to treat and conclude with the said Proprietors of Swinart Mines, upon the Terms of the foregoing Propofol."

Four Days after, viz. on the 19II1, the Court of Assist-antswrotea Letter to Place, acquainting him with the Substance of the said Proposal, and defiling his Opinion upon it.

On the 21st they wrote to him again, confirming their former Letter, and ordering him to fend them only a 44 Calculation upon 1,000 Ton of Ore, which would be 44 a good Guide to them for the rest: To which he was to add, what he thought the future ProspeQ; might be."

On the 23d of the same Month Colonel TIorfey wrote to Place in these Words: 441 did not shew your Cal- culation of the 8th instant, because it came in a 44 private Letter; but, as you make it upon a 1,000 44 Ton of Ore converted into Lead, that alone will pay the Rent we give; and that repeated, unless you have any thing more to add, will be sufficient to satisfy some People who are over diffident, or rather captious."

In a Letter of Place’s to the Governor and Court of Assistants, dated the 30th May 1730, he acknowledges the Receipt of theirs of the 19th and 21ft; repeats the Calculation he had before sent to Colonel Horsey; fays, it is a most extravagant Rent is asked; and earnestly recommends to them to have it in their Agreement, that they might relinquish both Works and Rent at any time, giving Six Months Notice.

' The same Day Place wrote another Letter to Colonel Horsey lingly, wherein are these Words: 441 understood you were likely to have it for the annual Rent of 44 £ 2,000, the Interest of the £40,000: I thought that *c very extravagant; but am much surprised they should 4t expect more; but whatever Rent you give, I beg you’ll have it in your Power to be free at Pleasure;

44 and then I doubt not but to make it answer."

The Colonel, in a Letter of the 6th of June 1730, tells Place, he could have wished he, 44 Place, had omitted the Proposal of quitting the Bargain £t Six Months Warning; He then fays how it may embarrass his Proceedings; and adds, 44 when you come hereafter to give any Account of thisWork, you will state the plain Fasts, as they appear; we shall manage the rest/*

Mr. Place, in his Answer of the 11th, expresses his Sorrow for what he had written, and his Hopes of not being so forward for the future.

For the fuller Information of the House, Copies of the Letters at length, or Extracts from those where Matters of a different Kind are intermixed, are annexed in the Appendix, NJIV.

Mr. Place having been sent by the Petitioners, during this Inquiry of your Committee, into Scotland, to view the Company’s Works, he was, upon his Return, examined; and said, That he had been bred up in the Bufi-neis of Mining and Smelting: That he remains now of the same Opinion he was of when he wrote his Letters to Colonel Horsey about the Swinart Mines: That he

was formerly employed by the Company looverfee those Mines; and was dismissed in August 1731: That they are now in a worse Condition than when they were first let to the Company: The bed Part of the Mine; where there is any Ore of Consequence, is under Water: He was, in his time, carrying on a Level, but that is now discontinued: He does not think that any body would ive £. 3,600 a Year and the 6th Dish for them: If !e were to take a Lease of them for m Years, he would not give above £1,000 a Year and the 6th Dith; and it would be a better Tack now than when the Company took it, by about £ 2,000; for he believes the Houses may have cost about £ 5,000; and he thinks about £ 2,000, or £ 2,500, may put the Works in a good Way again: There are many Buildings there unnecessary: That the old Proprietors had worked the Mine about Four Years; and Sir Alexander Murray about Two Years before; that he is not certain of the time; but, by their Books, he found the whole Quantity they had smelted was no more than 244 T. 6 Q.

3 qrs. 22 lb. By the Experience he has in Mines, he is convinced, that, when the Proprietors left the Work to the Company the weekly Expence exceeded the Produce: That, whilst he was there, he sent to London, in about a Year’s time, 748 T. 9 C. 1 qr. 6lb. of I>ead, and, in Potters Ore, 132 T. 3 C. 3 qrs: That no Potters Ore has been made since he left the Mines; and, between that time and the 12th of April last, there has been shipped, as entered in the Books, 537 T. 6 C. 1 q?\ of Lead; and there is in the Storehouse 82 T. 5 C\; and 170 T. has been shipped by Captain Spavin, which is not entered in the Books; but he, this Examinant, saw it: That he really believes the Work may be brought, by a great Number of Hands, to raise 1,500 Ton a Year; but can never be advantageous to agy body l iable to pay an annual Rent of £ 3,600.

The Petitioners then referred to the Account hereunto annexed, N°. II. by which it appears, that the Charges of this Mine has exceeded its Returns by £ 25,856. 6s. 7d.

Jerom Horsey Esquire, who, by the Company’s Books appears to have been chosen into the Court of Assistants the First Daj' of October 1729, and to have been continued by the annual Elections to this time, being examined, said, That, about the Begiuning of the Year 1731, he was sent to oversee these Mines, which were then under the Inspection and Management of Mr. Francis Place: That he arrived there on the 16th of April 1731; and, about Two Months after, Mr. Place was dismissed, and the whole Care was committed to him: That the Water in the Mine is but of little Hindrance to them, they agreeing with the Men who get the Ore to take it off; and for this very little additional Consideration is given: As to the Quantities of Lead made and sent away, he agreed very nearly with Mr. Place.

Lieutenant General Wade, a Member of this House, informed your Committee, That he believes these Mines are well worth what the Company gives; and the Company of Mine Adventurers would have given as much; but the Proprietors, at the time of the Bargain, thought the Credit of the York Buildings Company best.

Sir Robert Cl{flon Baronet, and Knight of the Batli^So a Member of this House, gave the like Information.

This is the Evidence, which the Petitioners brought in Support of this Head of Complaint; and they gave no Proof of any private Consideration obtained by the Governor, or any of the Assistants, in making this Bargain.

Mr. Horsey, being examined a Second time, at the De-fire of Colonel Horsey, said. That when he arrived at the Mines in 1731 there were but few Houses there: That several were erected afterwards by Mr. P/rtc^’sDire&ions* which were sent from London ready framed, as had been agreed on between Captain Burroughs, Sir Archibald Grant, and the said Mr. Place: That he cannot say there are now more Buildings than are made use of, except a Malthouse, a Brewhouse, and a Kiln; and, as

to

6 Geo. It

6° sum

187

to these one Mildmay, whom the Court of Assistants badfent down 1*01731, began them without Orders; and when he, this Examinant, came thither afterwards, he flopped the Work, and they remain unfinished :That, at his Arrival there, it was the general Opinion of the People in the Country, that the Mines were in a bad Way of working; and, at his leaving them to attend your Committee, every body spokeof them as likely to be of Advantage to the Company:

That he believes the Mine rightly wrought may yield 2,000 T\ of Lead; but at present the Work is cramped for Want of Money; yet this Year he believes it may yield near 1,000 T.

At Colonel Horsey* s Desire also several other Letters of Mr. Place were looked into, and several Passages observed, in those dated and directed as follows;

Edinburgh, 6 June 1730. To Colonel Horsey; and another to the Governor and Court of Assistants.

In those Two Mr. Place appears to be on his Journey to these Mines, with the Management of them committed to him.

Strontein, 13 July 1730.

To the Governor and Court of Assistants.

" Tis with great Pleasure I affore you, that there is " the finest Prospect for raising Ore 1 ever saw; not c< only in those Places already wrought, but also in il many others which have not been tried; and upon " the same Vein; which I have just now put Men upon u to open; by which means I am positive the Vein will " not only have a better Appearance, but be really " richer than in any Place already discoveredMentioning Four Hearths, he fays,

" I believe I shall be able to make at each Hearth 16 " or 18 Hundred in 24 Hours: Here is a great Want " of Men; we have but about 60 that work underground; and if I had them, 1 could employ 400 upon " good Ore."

Strontein, 31 July 1730.

To Colonel Horsey. u The Alterations which have been in our Works are w very much for the better; our Works being much " richer in Appearance than ever."

Strontein, 18 August 1730.

To Colonel Horsey. u The Works grow richer every Day since I came " here; inso much that I lower the Price per Bing upon " every Bargain 1 have set since I came; and am sure w shallfave, in set fin § them this Year, £. 1,000." Strontein, 18 September 1730.

To the Governor and Court of Assistants.

After many Instances given of the Goodness of the Works, he fays, " I could write you a Volume on this " Subject, but to what Purpose ? I rather choose to tell u you, as I can in Truth, that your Works are richer " than ever I saw them."

Strontein, 4 November 1730.

To the Governor and Court of Assistants.

" We need not fear Ore and Lead enough, provided " we can get Miners and Smelters: A few Days ago I " went with Mr. Horsey to view a new Vein, which has " lately been discovered upon the Company’s Liberty, " on the Side of a Hill, and appears rich in Ore to the " very Day: I struck the First Tool into it myself; and " in less than One Hour’s time* I broke more than a " Hundred Weight of good Ore.

8th Complaint.

quainted Colonel Horsey with it, who aiked him what Discount he bought them at? He, this Examinant, said, at£.8 per Cent. to which the Colonel answered, " lam " surprised at your Success, you surely bought them of €t somebody that did not know the Value of them That afterwards he, the Examinant, had several Meetings with the Two Gentlemen aforesaid, who encouraged him to buy Stock, talking over the State of the Company’s Affairs, and assuring him, that, if the Company were to wind up their Bottoms, anddivide to every Mari his Share, the Stock would intrinsically be worth 20 per Cent. for that their Lead Mines in Scotland, and a Blast of Iron, cime out so very rich, as would enable them to make a Dividend of One per Cent. upon their Stock, and pay the Interest on their Bonds: That they said they had, at that time, such a Quantity of Ore, and their Furnace and Buildings were in so good a Condition, as to enable them to do this, and more: That they then recommended to him a Broker, a Friend of theirs, that would manage for him without Brokerage; and, upon these Assurances, he did buy £.2,000 Stock at£. 19 per Cent, in Average; but, finding it a bad Bargain, he fold again £.1,000 of it at£.6o Loss; upon the other£. 1,000 Stock he has since paid a Call of One and a Half per Cent. which brings the Price of it to him at 20^ per Cent.

Mr. Henry Spence said, That, about the End of the Year 1731, he told Colonel Horse\), that he was very much engaged in York Buildings Stock and Bonds, and desired to be satisfied if he acted safely in what he did: The Colonel told him he did; it was what he, the Colonel, had done himself, and advised all his Friends to do; then shewed this Examinant a Sketch of an Account of the Value of their Estates at 20 Years Purchase, with what their Annuities were worth at the Market Price; and what their Bonds, and other Debts, amounted to; and that, when these were paid off, there would remain sufficient to divide out 16 or 17 per Cent. Capital: That he also shewed an Account of the Profits upon their Lead-works; and said. That, they being in their Infancy, a great Profit could not immediately be ex peeled from them; but, by Michaelmas 1732, they would be able to make a Dividend upon the Stock of One or One and a Half per Cent, besides paying the Interest on their Bonds, and all their Debts; both which together came to about £.130,000 or £.140,000; That he, the Examinant, being satisfied with this, bought a considerable Quantity of Bonds, and about £.5,000 or 6,000 Stock.

Mr. Abraham Munoz said, That, about December 1731, Colonel Horsey told him* sometimes their Stock was worth 15per Cent, at other times, he said, 17 per Cent, real Value, after Payment of all their Debts; upon which he, this Examinant, bought, for himself and Friends, about £. 140,000 or £. 150,000 Stock, at 10 to 144- per Cent.; and some of it he was forced to fell from 7 to 4-1- per Cent.

William I.ock, and Charles Colborne, Esquires, being examined, at the Desire of Colonel Horsey, Mr. Lock, said, That, in the Summer in 1731, when York Buildings Stock was up, he, as a Friend, advised Colonel Horsey to take care of himself, and part with some of his Stock; and the Colonel answered. He; would not make any Ad^pntage of his Stock, and part with it, till he had settled the Company upon a solid Foundation: That he has often given the Colonel the same Advice, and the Colonel as often answered him to the same Effect; and he believes the Colonel has not fold any to this time. Mr. Co/6o;viesaid, That, within thefeFi ve, Six, or Seven That Colonel Horsey, the present Governor, has, in . Years last, he has, in pure. Concern for Colonel Horjey,

Discourse with several Persons, set afalfe Valuation upon the Stock and Bonds of the Company, and thereby encouraged them to become Purchasers of the fame, by which they have suffered great Loss.

Captain John Opic said, That, in October 1731, Colonel Horsey then Governor, and Mr. Wilkinson, one of the Assistants, applied to him, and encouraged him to become a Purchaser of the Company’s Bonds: That he accordingly bought Five Bonds of£. 100 each, and ac-Yql 22.

York

Buildings

Company.

who he feared engaged too deep, frequently advised him to fell some of his Stock when it was at 20,25, or 28, per Cent.; but the Colonel’s Answer was, That he thought he could settle the Stock on a solid Foundation, and he would not buy or fell till then: That he knows not that ever the Colonel has fold any Stock, and believes hehas not; for he always expressed an Aversion to it: That he has often heard the Colonel say, That, when the Stock should come to be settled, the Dividend would fix the

Price i

York

Buildings

Company.

188 6° JuKii. 1733.

Price; and all the rest was but imaginary; That he relating to Matters bf Account, which will of eburfe be never heard the Colonel advise any body to buy Stock; cleared up when the Company shall be able to bring but has heard him declare lie Would never advise any to their present Governor to account, your Committee buy it: That he hasalfo heard him declare, that he never have thought it not necessary to ftvell the Report with would propose or agree to, a Dividend, till it should ap- them.

pear to the World that it was tblid; he having always had Your Committee however lean not conclude without it at heart to discharge the Debts out of the Profits; mentioniilg, that, whateverMismanagements the Direc-and never to give any fictitious Value to the Stock. tors of this Company may have been guilty of, in any of William Corbel Esquire said, That he remembers, that; all oirthe foregoing Instances, they fall very short of a£-wiien he was in the Direction, whenever any Discourse fcoiinting for the great Sum distipated, and Debt incurred, arose of Stockjobbing, the Colonel always expressed hii set forth in our former Report; and that much of the Abhorrence of it: That, when the Governor was in present bad Condition of the Company is owing to the Scotland, he, the Examinant, wrote to him that Stock General Courts themselves: This is vtfible in going was at £. 40 per Cent.; and asked if he could serve him; through the Minutes of those Courts, whfcre thete con-That the Governor’s Answer was, he w&s pursuidg the stantly appears a predominant Regard to a present arid Company’s Affairs, and hoped he should put them on a imaginary Value of their Stock; and very little Carfcof solid Bottom; and then should find his Advantage in what should be the Future and real Worth of it: Ftom common with the rest of thp Proprietors*. hence have proceeded that great Readinefe they havfe

Two other Heads of the Petitioners Complaints, viz. shewn to Dividends and Projects, and their strong Aver-the Neglect of the Accounts of the Company, and the fion to Calls; to avoid which they have always been wiL jfi&itious Entries, in those Books that have been kept, ling to give into any Expedient proposed :Thub, choosing have already been stated in the former Report of your rather to run into Debt than to advance Money, they Committee, to which they have nothing farther to add, have drawn oh themselves one heavy Article of the Bur-than that it has been proved, in the Examination of den they now feel, viz. that of Interest Money; of which Mr. Foxley, and Colonel Horsey, that Jerom Horsey they have paid £72,325 11 9t, and owe£. 23,009 13 9, Esquire was one of the Court Of Assistants at the time of both together make the Sum of £.96,235 5 a£, as has making the fictitious Article of£. 2,400 and the Person appeared to your Committee by a State hereunto annexed who wrote the Minute of it. N °. V. attested by the Company’s Accomptants, and theifr

Your Committee has now laid before the House the Agent in Scotland, when, at the same time, they have not principal Grievances complained of by the Petitioners: paid in One-Fourth Part of the Sum they bad obliged They, besides these, dwelt long upon several other Par- themselves to furnish by their original Subscript ion. ticulars; but, those being either of finall Importance, or

Appendix N° I.

ACCOUNT of the Number of Tickets, Prizes and Blanks, in the York Buildings Company’s First Lottery; with the Number of Loan Tickets redeemed in Time, and those after the Time of Redemption was etopfed*; and also ah Account how many of those Blanks were entitled to be exchanged for Tickets 111 the 2d Lotteiyv

Tickets*

lft. Total of the Tickets, in both Parts of the Company’s First Lottery, was ..... 56,330

ad. Of which there was disposed of, to sundry Adventurers, 24,052, as follow; viz.

Sold out - -- - - - 22,999;

Sold the Chances on ----- 1,053

— — Total 24,05a

’3d. Of the 1,053 Chances, 864 proved Blanks; which consequently belong to the Company,

4th. Of the 22,999 Tickets fold, 7,216 paid all the Three Payments, and were therefore called whole Tickets; and the remaining 15,783 paid the first and last Payments only; the Second Payment being indorsed as lent, and were therefore called Loan Tickets.

jtb. The Number of Prizes, in both Parts of the Lotte ry, was 11,266; of which there

fell to the Company - - - -.....6,170

To the Adventurers, on the 24,052 Tickets - - - 5,096

----- Total 12,266

» —

6th. February 1721, the Cojnpany bought, by the Hands of Mr. Henry Symonds, as per his Account, 2,138 Blanks; viz.

Of Mr. Robert AJion -..... 2,000

Of some other Persons 98

Of Do. - 40

— ----- Total 2,138

7th. Of the 15,783 Loan Tickets, only 11,151 repaid the Loan, as per Mr. Burgess*

Account - - - - 11,151

Of Do, Bought by Mr.' Symonds for the Use of the Company - - - - 11,000

Of Do. Never redeemed ----- 3,532

----- Total 25,683

March 23d, 1734.

This is a true Account, to the best of my Knowledge,

Samuel Vaux*

8 th.

189

6 Geo. II,

6° Junii.

8th, These Fa&s being dated, the Number of Blanks entitled to be exchanged for 't ickets in the id Lottery, is proved thus:

The Number of Tickets disposed of was - - - -

Deduct for Prizes which fell to the Adventurers - - 5,096

Ditto for Blanks bought for the Company - - - - 2,138

Total Blanks remaining 9th, Out of which are to be deduced the following Articles; vis.

For Chance Blanks, the Property of the Company - - 864

For Loan Tickets not redeemed - - - 3,532

Total -

Consequently the Number of Blanks, entitled to be exchanged for Tickets in the ad Lottery, provided all the Loan Tickets, before mentioned to be redeemed, had been redeemed in Time, is, 12,422.

loth, Out of which deduct, for the Loan Tickets redeemed out of Time -

The Remainder, being 6,808, is the Number of Blanks entitled to be exchanged for Tickets in the Second Lottery -

24,052

7>234

16,818

4>396

12,422

5>6i4

York

Buildings

Company.

11th, The Total of the Tickets disposed of for the Company, in the Five Parts of their Second Lottery, was 27,796; of which 13,377 are charged to be disposed offor Money, and 14,419 to have been given in Exchange for Blanks in the First Lottery.

Total of Tickets charged to be exchanged for Blanks -Total of Blanks entitled -

Total of Blanks charged to be exchanged, more than were entitled

M>4i9

12,422

L997

6,8o8

Which, at 50 s. per Ticket, amounts to - £. 4,992 10

5,612 Blanks exchanged, which were redeemed out of Time, was a 1

Loss of 20s. per Ticket to the Company, as per Book C - - - 5,612 o 1

March 23d, 1734-. Total Loss of the Company by this Account, — j 10,604 10

This is a true Account, to the best of my Knowledge, Samuel Faux. "

N* II.

Account of Net Charges of the several Works in Scotland belonging to the York Buildings Company, from

Christmas 1727 to Christmas 1732, viz.

General Account of Trade from Scotland is Dr. to sundry Charges not carried to the particular and separate Accounts -

Account of Timber Trade Rood Dr. to Balance the 31 ft, July 1732, for Disbursements more than Receipts, and then wrote off £*24,860 11 4

Present Balance - - - - 479 14 o-f

To Thomas Fordyce's Disbursements 1727 - - - £ 3° 0 0

To - Ditto - - 1728 - 161 19 4

To - Ditto - 1729 - 128 18 1

Balance of William Stephens' Account

To Mr. Fordyce, for Monies paid to Christmas 1732

572 *3 971 3

94*

2v

Balance of Sir Archibald Grant and Alexander Garden of Trap’s Account, for the Coil of a Ship allowed them by Mr. Fordyce, in his Accounts -Balance of Aaron Hill's Account -

Account of Swinard Lead Mines flood Dr. to Balance the 31st July

1732 ....

Present Balance -

Thomas Fordyce's Disbursements, to Christmas 1732 Balance of Francis Place's Account -

Ditto of Jerom Horsey's ----- 758

Paid him further by Mr. Fordycey to Christmas 1732 - 1,010

320 x7 5

L543 *7 °i

*59

55°

£. d. 3>798 i2 3

27,9t3 19 lOjr

Balance of Charles Mildmay's Account Paid him further by Fordyce> to Christmas 173a

Balance of William Hart's Account Ditto - Robert Charlefvoorth

Ditto - Patrick Smith -

Ditto - Wiltiam Watkinson -

Ditto - Abraham Place -

Ditto - Thomas Tipping -

Ditto - Alexander Grant -

6 5

£ 9>944 O H

1,633 8 11

- 18 1a 6

o> CO J7 9

8t

0

00 VO is 1 — 9 8-r

04.

5

5>l89 18 0 I ,)T

17 10 O

*93 12 0

12 14 9

61 0 0

291 x5 1

.: 75 0 0

- 7 6

Transported

L

25.856 6 7

57,568 18 8|

Vo 1. 32.

3C

Brought

190

6° Junli.

Buildings. Account of Iron Works (lands Dr. to Balance Company. Balance of Benjamin Lund's Account

Account of Tartrevan Mines (lands Dr. to Balance

Thomas Fordyces DKburferaents, to Christmas 1732 r

Balance of JoJkua Place's Account -

Account of Glass Manufactory at Port Seaton (lands Dr to Balance Thomas Fordyce's Disbursements 1728 -

Ditto, to Christmas 1732 -

; over - -

3,942 17 n

2,992 9

2S0 18

26 9 5

64019 4

3,329 M 4t

750 0 0

9 3 1

A* I7^3*

L- s- d.

57,568 18 8f

Total £.

6,935 6 iif

948 7 Pi

4,088 17 Si

69,541 10 H

N. B. Account of Timber Trade is D'. £. 845 8r. 8\d. too much; being by Mistake made twice Dr. for that Sum, which mud be wrote off: and Likewise a great Part of Wm. Stephens' Balance belongs to the Iron Works; and the Account of Iron Works must also be charged with what Timber has been used in building from the Woods.

London, the 16th April, 1733.

Richard Birch, Accomptant.

N* III.

Dr. Ja?nes Stark, Factor to the Estate of Kiljyth, his Account with the York Buildings Company, Cr.

£- i- d.

To the Amount of Land Rent, Feu Duties, and the Produce of the Meal and Malt Rental for the Crops,

1722, 1723, 1724, 1725, and 1726, as per his Fa6tory Accounts - 4*054 8 g*

To Excef: Rents received by him, as dated i 1 his Account current, audited at Edinburgh, 14 September 1728 - - - - 103 3 2

£ 4,157 11 11*

By Cess, and repairs for the Five Years, as per Account -By Miniders Stipends, and School-raaders - -

By watching Tenants Cattle, and Law Charges - -

By Salaries, and Chm-mission - - i83 8 ii*

By allowed for Extra Trouble, as dated in Account current, 14*

September 1728 - 79 10 10

By Didmrfements on the Colliery By Cadi paid Fordyce and Campbell for Five Years, asperFaftory Account - - 2,694 18 o

By paid ditto, per Account current for Balance, 14th September, 1728 - - 230 o o

By Arrears -

77

131 12 23 18

d.

6*

84-

9i

267 IQ 380 o

9i

2,924 l8

351 6

o

9*

£ *. d.

£4,(57 XI ll*

N° IV.

Dear Friend, Whitehall, 28th March 1730.

A Letter of the same Contents with this is gone to Culnakyle; and, in case it should come too late thither,

I fend this to Edinburgh, to acquaint you, That I have aProfpeft, with some of my Friends, of purchasing some of the Shares of the Lead Mines near Fort William, in which General Wade is concerned- — I therefore desire the Favour of you to go, as soon as possible, to view them; and give me your Opinion, what you think of them — Whether they are as commonly reported; and why no more Progress has been made in the working: The foonerl can have an Answer, the better; because I may, by Delay, lose the Opportunity of the Shares — I will take care to answer to the Company, and you shall be

2,924 18 o Net Monies paid in to Mr. Fordyce. 351 6 9* Arrears. ’

267 19 9* Salaries, Commission, and Extraordi-

naries,

380 o 4* Diflburfements on the Colliery.

£3*9*4 4 10* IS 784 16 ri* per Annum to the

..... — ----- Company, upon an Average, for the

Five Years.

Richard Birch, Accomptant.

well rewarded for your Journey: Keep yourself incognito when you are there; and fend me as speedy an Answer as possible. I am, with Truth,

Your affectionate Friend.

Let your Going be a Secret, S. IT or fey'

except to Friend Lund.

Dear Colonel, Edinburgh, April 23d, 1730.

This Afternoon, at Five a Clock, I got to Town, after waiting at Kinghorne 18 Hours for Passage.

I have here the Favour of both thine of the 1 ith and 18th Instant, the Answering whereof I beg leave to defer till next Pod; and that thee will, in the mean time, be pleased to accept of the following Remarks, which I made at the Mines of Swinard.

Remarks

6 Geo. II.

6° Jun.

191

Remarks on the Mines of Swinard.

April the 16th, 1730.

They were first wrought by Sir Alexander Murray; fmce wrought by General Wade, and the present Company, about Two Years.

The Vein runs W. N. W. and E. S. E.; underlays (deeps, or heads) to the South, in some Places, a Foot and a Half in Six Foot.

It is a regular Spar # Course; the deepest Place wrought is about Seven Fathom, where it is working big; and, in some Places, is Four or Five Foot over, toiled with good Ore: The present grand Work is about 50 or 300 Fathom long in the Bottoms (the Eastern End whereof is the most promising), and is, in many Places, a Foot over, solid Ore; but it is so thick set with Ore, as to be almost a Foot and a Half solid: It is shot out in many Branches, and backed with many others, to the South; all which, hitherto tried, carry Ore in sinking; and, as they have the same Direction with the mean Vein, are likdy to come together in sinking; which, if the Ground favour, mull needs make a very considerable Vein: The Rider f, which, near the Grass, is Six or Seven Foot thick, is reduced, in sinking Three Fathom, to Three Foot — The Vein, Rider, and Branches, is about Sixteen Foot wide.

The Vein has been discovered with Ore in it for about One Mile and Half in Length.

There may be Twenty Fathom of Levels gained on the Vein Point.

It is now wrought upon Bargain: There are a Eleven Sets, containing, in all,' about SeventyMen; they find their own Powder and Candles (of which, as they work all open, there are but few used): The Company find all Tools and Tackle; and give the Men for the Ore, when dressed, Fourteen Shillings per Bing ||, upon au Average; the Carriage of that Bing from the Works to the Smelting Mill (being Two Mile) costs the Company Two Shillings.

There has been sent away - 164 Ton of Lead*

And lies, of Lead, at the Mill - 13 — 177 Ton.

Potters Ore sent away - - 90

Lies at the Mill, about - - 60

At the Works, dressed and undressed, by Computation, about 300 — 450 Ton. They make their Lead by Blast; their Fuel is Pit-coal and Peats: They have lately erected a Work-house, containing Three Hearths, but they are now all out; but, when in a full Course of Working, will make Two Ton Two hundred of Lead in Twenty-four Hours with Twelve Men, whose Wages is Ten Shillings per Week.

They have been at great F.xpence in building Work- houses, which are at present unemployed, and only serve as Dwellings for the Men; but might be, with a small Charge, applied to their First Design: There is a good Outlet to the Sea by a Lock, which will bring a Ship of any reasonable Burden within little more than a Gunshot of the Smelting Mill.

The above Observations are as particular and as exact as I could make in the short Time I could spend there; and, I hope, will be agreeable to thee. I will now observe, upon the Whole, That, First, it is a regular Vein, and of great Extent, and in a good-natured Stone: That the Ore seems to grow better in sinking j and, as the Branches are likely to come into the Vein, cannot fail to enrich it very much: That, as the Rider grows smaller in sinking, the Vein will be more solid, and the Branches will thereby have the greater Liberty to unite. I have taken notice of the Quantities of Ore and Lead both sent away, and remaining behind, that thee may thereby judge of the Value they have for the Money they have spent, winch thee will find means to know by some of the Partners in London. Could I

Spar is a Sort of white Stone so called, and is common in Lead Works.

+ A Rider is a dead Rock, which comes in upon the Back of the Vein.

I A Bing is Eight hundred Weight.

Vol. 22.

have come to the Knowledge of the Cost they have been at, 1 would have stated it in this, and not have given thee the Trouble; but that was not to be come at without a View of their Books, or discovering myself, which I carefully avoided. I am satisfied, that this Work would turn out good Profit; but, as it is managed, and to be subject to the same for the future, I would ... be concerned, nor advise any Friend to be; No; not if they would make a Free-gift of a Share; but, if the Partners would agree to have a proper Person of Judgment to give the necessary Directions, it would, I am persuaded, answer well. I have endeavoured to explain the Whole; but, if there be any thing farther wanting, hope thee will be so free as to acquaint me thereof, and I will not fail to add whatever else is in my Power.

Next Monday will put Men to work at Tartrevan, Lord Hoptoris Mines. Pray excuse me to the Gentlemen, who, no doubt, expected to hear from me during this time j but thee knows it was not practicable. I fend them a few Lines, acquainting them of my Arrival here, &c.

I am, with best Respects to Self and Mr. Horsey, Thy sincere Friend, Fordyce is not come Francis Place.

home yet.

My good Friend, Whitehall, 2d May 1730.

I acknowledge Receipt of yours, with the Report of the Mines, last Post. I am now to tell you. That I have made some Advances towards getting them for the Company, though it is with some Management and Difficulty, because several of the present Partners say, They know the Mines to be rich, and only want to be under good Management — However, as they have been so ill conducted hitherto, I say, they never will be better while in such Hands: They were once offered 40,000 for their Lease, which is for 30 Years, paying a Sixth Dish — I think, if I could have them for an annual Rent, not exceeding the Interest of the Money, it might be worth our while: They (land for more: But 1 believe I can bring them to that; and there are several other Veins lying about, not opened, but lately discovered — I acquaint you with this, to know if we could carry on that Work without neglecting Lord Hoptoris and Eagle, and our Iron — For, in that Cafe, 1 would drop the Timber for the present. I hope for a Line at the Return of the Post; and am, with Truth,

Your affectionate and true Friend,

S. Horsey.

Do not mention what I now write to any Soul; for nobody here knows of it. — Yet, if I drop the Timber, and employ our whole £. 10,000 per Annum upon our Lead and Iron Works,

I cannot but think itmuft answer well. I have ordered this to be forwarded to you by '

Express from Edinburgh; and desire so much of an Answer as you can give by the Return of it.

Dear Colonel, Edinburgh, May the 7th, 1730. Since my last, of the 25th palt, I have been at the Works of Tartrevan; where we go on very well in clearing up the old Level upon the Lead Vein: We have now Seven Men at Work there.

Last Post I wrote Charles Gorden, giving him some Directions about Eagle; which Place I will soon fee. — Last Night I came to Town, to write my Letters; where I am favoured with both thine of the 30th past, and 2d Instant, for which am obliged — I am glad my Report of Swinard Mines has thy Approbation. In mine of the 25th, I added something more concerning the m; which suppose thou has. I very much esteem and thank thee for thy kind Regard which thou expressect towards me; and, in Return, I shall always with Pleasure execute, to

the

York

Buildings

Company.

York

Building*

Company.

192

6° Junii.

1733-

the best of my Abilities, every thing which thou art pleased to recommend to my Management. — Th^e may depend upon my Secrecy in this Adair.

I observe Friend Lund has wrote you fully about setting down Works near Inverness; and I afTureyou, that, in my Judgment, no Place is more convenient, especially since Grant is so unreasonable; which he, and all the World who hears of it, must suppose to be the Reason of your altering any Part of your Scheme; which, although in some degree altered, yet. will be sufficient to burn up all your own Wood, with any other small Parcels which may be purchased in the Neighbourhood, and to work up the Iron Ore lying next the Woods; which will not fail paying all Expence, and making a handfotne Return for what is laid out: No doubt but you will soon have a Sample of Iron; and thereby convince the raoft timorous, that you are acting safely, and not moving from one Place to another without sufficient and advantageous Reasons: No question Friend Lund writes you fully on this Head; and, as I know his Care and Industry for the Interest of the Company, it would be rather impertinent than otherwise, my adding more on this Subject.

I have very maturely considered the last, relating to the Advances thee has made in getting the Mines of Swinard into the Company’s Hands; which, as they have the greateftChara&er imaginable in London, would, no doubt, add greatly to the Credit of the Company; and, in procuring them Mines, then would it justiy deserve the thankful Acknowledgements of all concerned. — -Now, dear Colonel, from a disinterested and real Regard for thy Honour and the real good of the Company, I cannot omit giving the e my Sentiments, thereon, to the best of my Judgment. There are now, as I mentioned in my Report, about 70 Men upon Bargains, who raise Ore at 14^. per Bing: There had been Bargains set upon the same Terms to others, who, not being able to raise Ore at that Price, and thereby to make Wages, had quitted their Bargains — -There is no Work where there is not some dead Ground to be wrought, which is generally done at the Expence of the Adventurers: Likewifethey are at the first Coil of the Tools, and generally keep them in Repair; as also providing Timber and Ropes, &c. and very often drawing the ’ Water where there is Occasion — All these Allowances must be made for this Work, as well as any other. As to some of the Company saying the Mines are rich, that can proceed only from Supposition in them; and the only Way they can judge of their Value, is, by comparing the Money they have laid out, wiih the Amount in Value of Lead they have made, and Ore they have by them; if they have gained, then, by so much as they have profited, they may be called rich; but if, on the other side, it must be a great deal of good Management to make them turn to Account, when they will be daily growing deeper, and consequently, will be more chargeable; and another Consideration will naturally follow, which must certainly lessen the Value they may put upon them, which is, that all Mines in the World are uncertain.

That they have been offered £. 40,000 for them I make no Doubt; but 1 am of Opinion, no People would have been so indifereet as to have made a positive Agreement for a Thing of such Conference, without having

I shall now ffiew what I think may be done with good Management, according to the present Prospect, and then leave it to thy own Judgment to determine.

I believe there might be 120 Men employed upon Bargain, and about 80 more in making Discoveries, who might, in a Year’s Time, make room for 100 more to work upon Ore, provided the other Veins the Gentlemen told thee of, and those Branches I have taken notice of myself, answer to Expectation. I shall draw up a Scheme of the Whole, which I will not fail to fend per Saturdays Post. Mean time I hope thee will accept of this as the Fruits of my good Intention; and bq^ assured, dear Colonel, that I am, with best Respects to,* thee and Mr. Horseu,

Thy sincere Friend,

Francis Place.

Dear Colonel, Edinburgh, May the 8th, 1730*

In mine, dated Yesterday, 1 referred thee to this, which contains the exafteft Calculation I am able to make as I have already wrote thee. I believe there might be 120 Men employed upon Bargain, and 80 more in making Discoveries; then, allowing each Man to break, and bring to Grass, £, 5 of Ore per Week; allowing Ten Weeks to be deducted out of the Year, for Hindrances by Badness of Weather, wherein they cannot raise any Ore — The 120 Men, in the remaining 40 Weeks, will raise 3,000 Bing, which is 1,200 Ton. The Lords Share, being is - - 200 Ton.

Remains 1,000

By 1,000 Ton Ore, at £. 8 per D# -

To Cost of raising 3,000 Bing of Ore, a 14 per D° - - 2,100

To Wages of 80 Men, 40 Weeks, making Discoveries, at 8 per D° 1,600

To prime Cost of Tools To repairing D®, One Year -To Two Smiths, per Year -To Two Timber-men, per Year -To Timber and Ropes, 8Cc.

To Salaries, and incident Charges

- £. 8,000

200

800

30

80

200

- 290

Balance

Work

in Favour of

5>300

the £. 2,700

£ 8,000

£. 8,000

Then there will be about £. 3 per Ton of Lead Profit upon reducing the Ore; which, supposing it to hold one with another 14 in 20, it will be.as follows; 1,000 Ton Ore makes 700 Ton Lead, at £. 3 per Ton; Profit amounts to £. 2,100. — The above Calculation is made upon a Supposition that the Works will turn out such a Quantity of Ore, at 14 per Bing; which is uncertain, and what no Man living can be positive of — But if it should, and of as good a Quality as it now is, then 1 the Judgment offomehonest Person, well (killed in those v will engage to make out the Profits afore mentioned. Affairs; who, if they were truly so, I am sure would The present Partners have wrought the Works never put near that Value on them. I have had long about Two Years; and have, as I am informed, laid

since Letters from some Persons of considerable Dif-tinftion, who were upon purchasing Shares in this Mine, desiring my Opinion thereof; which, from a Regard to our own Company, and the Gentlemen concerned in the Works, I always evaded to do, although pressed to it by many advantageous Offers — What renders them less valuable, is their being loaded with such a heavy Dish as the Sixth; there being but few Works which either pay, or are able to afford, that Share; and then, if they are obliged to work during the 30 Years, without having it in their Power to leave off at Pleasure, it still Worse.

out betwixt 14 and £.15,000: If so, then they have been considerable Losers. I understood that they had only a Lease for 21 Years; if for 30, so much the better. It is absolutely necessary to know what Engagements they are under in the Lease, and if they are obliged to keep any Number of Hands constant; for it would be a great Hardship to be obliged to keep constantly working, and not to have it in your Power to relinquiffi both the Work and Rent at Pleasure, upon givingThreeor Six Months Notice — In my Opinion, it would be a most extravagant Rent, to give £. 2,000 per Annum, which is the Interest of the

£> 40,000

6 Geo. II. 6° Junii. 193

£.40,000, they say, has been offered for the Mines; which is Four times more than I think them worth, or that I believe they will ever get for them: If the Purchasers know what they are doing, in Buying of Works, it is customary to lay the Books before the Buyers, by which they may be Judges how much has been got by them; and, according to the Sums gained, and the present Prospect, the Mines are leis or more valuable. I think, if there was a reasonable Value put upon the Works, and that they would be content to take the Payment thereof, as it lhopld arise out of One-half the Profits, this would be the justest Way of dealing; always reserving (as I know thee will) a Power of declining the Works, whenever either Poverty or Accident shall require it. — Or, otherwise, that they have such a proportioned Payment yearly, so long as the Works are continued, as may, in 28 Years (supposed still to come of their Lease), pay up both the Charge they have been at, and the Interest thereof. This may leem an unprofitable Bargain to them; but, considering how much they have loft there already, they might have reason to think themselves well off by such an Agreement, especially since they will have all the Advantage of the Ore already risen.

I have enlarged upon this Subject beyond my First Intention, but hope thee will excuse me therein; having no other Motive thereto, than that thee may have as full and perfect a Knowledge in the Affair as I am able to give; and, if any thing herein should not be so clearly expressed as I intend, or that thou;\vouldeft have further explained, pray point it out to me, and I shall add whatever in my Power to give thee an entire Satisfaction.

Thee will fee, by this, what Money will be necessary to carry on these Mines; but considering Lead would soon be made, and brought to Market, I do believe the advancing £.4,000 the First Year, would the Work, with a much smaller Addition afterwards, sufficient to maintain all Outgoings; and considering the Methods 1 shall take to make the Trials needful at Tartrevan and Eagle, I am sure that your Rents here, provided they be regularly paid, will be sufficient to carry on all your Works here.

On Wedesday or Thursday next, I design to set out from hence, to meet the Men at Carlisle, and hope to be back in 10 or 14 Days; mean time, shall leave all necessary Directions; and you may be allured, that I shall always act with that Caution and Regard for you that I would do for myself.

I am, dear Colonel,

With best Respects to thee and Mr. H&rfey, thy sincere Friend,

Francis Place.

I cannot omit to observe, That the 80 Men charged in this Calculation, we may reasonably expert, will make room, in the Year, for loo Men more, to work on Ore to Advantage.

Sir, Winch ester-street, May 19th, 1730.

We having now the Opportunity of taking the Mines at Swinardt commonly known by the Name of Wade's Mines, we think it necessary to have your Opinion thereupon.

The Proposal is, That they give us an Assignment of the Lease now made to the present Proprietors, which has 25 Years to run: f [That we pay them an annual Rent of £. 3,600:] That we pay for all their Ore above Ground, and other Stores, by Inventory, to be taken by Two Persons, one for them, and the other for us: To have all the Tools, Materials, and Buildings, without paying for them. — By the Lease the Lord is to have a Sixth Dilh.

What we desire of you is, to consider this Matter, Whether, as the Works now stand, supposing them, for the future, to be put under a regular (kilful Management, they can produce, all Charges deducted, the Rent above-mentioned, and some Profit for our Trouble — And

t Supplied from the original Report.

Vol. 22.

whether you think there is a future Prospect of farther York Advantage, sufficient to encourage us to engage in this Buildings Work: Observe, the Lease and Rent is for 25 Years. — CoroPany* We desire you will thoroughly consider it, and fend us your Opinion, without Loss of Time.

We are,

Your assured Friends,

Samuel Horsey, Governor,.

Will. Corbett,

Francis Townley,

Ja. Wilkinson,

Benj. Foxley,

Jerom. Horsey.

We return you Thanks for yours of the 8th Instant, and are glad to find you shall soon fee the old Bottoms, where the Silver-ore was got, and hope it will make a good Appearance.

Winchester-street, 21 May 1730,

Sir,

By the last Poll we wrote you a Letter, for your Opinion upon the Mines at Swinard: We trouble you with this to confirm it — and only to add, That if the present Work, in Appearance, will afford the Rent the Company is to give, we think the Prospect is exceeding great, and we ought to engage in it; especially since we know it will be under your Management, and that you will find your Profit with us, which must always be regarded; and, added to the Inclination you have, with Honelty and Justice to serve us, of which we have already had good Experience, fend us only a Calculation upon 1,000 Ton of Ore, which will be a Guide to us for the rest; to which you will add what you think the future Prospect may be.

We write this, because it is of great Importance to us to succeed in this Affair.

We are,

Your sincere Friends,

Samuel Horsey, Governor;

Benj. Foxley,

Francis Townley,

Jerom Horsey,

Ja. Wilkinson.

Let your Answer come by first Poll.

Whitehall, 23d May 1730.

Dear Friend,

I now acknowledge Receipt of yours to the Court of Assistants, of the 15th May, and return you Thanks for that to me of the same Date. We w ell approve of the Bargain you have made with Lord Sinclair: Your Care and Application in that, as well as the other Parts of the Affairs of the Company, immediately under your Direction, is very acceptable to us all, and particularly to me. It gives us great Satisfaction, that, in you, and our Friend Lund, we find Men who think and execute with Diligence and Application the Schemes you frame with good Judgment.

You will have received Two Letters, signed by the Court of Assistants, relating to the Swinard Mines; the Accounts I have seen, and have been given me by General Wade and Sir Robert Sutton, are very extraordinary; and I am satisfied, if we come to work there, under your Management, we shall find great Riches; for it is their Mismanagement, and the Impossibility of having it otherwise, while it remains in this Copartnership, w'ho are all Men of Quality, and not of much Application to Business, that has given us the Opportunity of taking it; in which Cafe, some of them are, and will, become large Proprietors in our Stock. I did not shew your Calculation of the 8th Inltant; because it came in a private Letter; but as you make it upon 1,000 Ton of Ore converted into Lead, that alone will pay the Rent we give; and that repeated unless you have any thing more to add, will be sufficient to satisfy some People, who are over-3 D diffidept

194

6 Junii.

A. 1733.

York

Buildings

Company.

diffident,* or rather captious, from Reafohs which I do not cate to write, but will tell you when we meet.

We have, by the last Port, a very satisfactory Letter from Mr. Lund; however, if it be possible to fend a Sample, by the First Ship that comes, it would do Service; and I believe they will, it being some time since the Hammer was erected — Mr. Lund lee ms to take amiss our fending Chiffbhns, $c. Leases to Mr. Fordyce> intimating as if we thereby lessened his Credit, by not tending them directly to him — I think we have never acted so as to give him the least Ground to entertain such a Notion; and I do not know how they came to write Chiflblme to fetid his Lease to be exchanged at Edinburgh; I inclosed it to Mr. Fordyce, partly because I thought you might be at Edinb. and Would be glad to see the Ratification; but he had Directions to forward it immediately to Mr. Lundfor him to exchange, believing that he would know in what Part of the Country Mr. Lund was, and forward it with the iriare Expedition and Certainty; for I never thought of having them exchanged by any Body but Mr. Lund, or you, who made the Agreement. 1 have wrote Mr. Lund, to satisfy him of it, this Post, and also write to Mr. Fordyce, to forward it, if lie has hot ddtle it already. I fob glad you ard likhly to fetVld tt Cortblpohdetled, Whereby to procure Mitiers, Shelters, dud WaftiCrs, as We fliatf Watit them. JewM offers his kind Respects: and I am

Your sincere Prirind,

Sdmnti Ilorfej).

Edinburgh, May the 30th, 1730.

Dear ChloHfel,

This Afternoon I came here; W here I have thy Favours of the 14th, igtli, and 23d Instatit, fdr Which I thank thee: I also had the Court of Assistants Two last, about Sfvihdtfl Minds; to which liavfe answered this Polt; and is rid more than the Copy of the Calculation 1 font thee, it not being in my Power to make an Alteration, with Certainty, in favour of the Work. Thee leaves me in the dark, whether the Gentlemen knew of my being at the Works; which, had I known, I could have wrote more correct; but that, I hope, will be looked over. I ffiOUld been glad to have known, if you were to be obliged to pay the £. 3,600 per Annum, for each "i'ear, during the 25 Years, whether the Works were continued or not; or, if you had it in your Power, upon reasonable Terms to quit it. I understood you were likely to have it for the annual Rent of £. 2,000, the Interest of 40,000: 1 thought that very extravagant; but am much surprised they should expefifc more: But* whatever Rent you give, I beg you will have it in your Power to be free at Pleasure; and then, I doubt not but to make it answer.

I have not time to add more, than that I am*

Dear Colonel,

With all Sincerity,

thy real Friend,

Franck Place.

Edinburgh, May the 30th, 1730,

Gentlemen,

My last, of the 27th, was from Penrith* giving yon an Account, That 1 had some Men with nle; that I was so far on my Way here; and that I had draw n on Humphrey Bishop, the Company’s Cashier, for Ten Pounds, which I desire may be paid, without further Advice. 1 should have been here last Night; but that I took up some time in viewing the Lord March's Estate, which is very promising for Lead-ore, and, as it lay in my Way, was loth to lose the Opportunity.

At my Arrival in Town, this Afternoon, I have both yours, of the 19th and 2ill Inllant, for which I return you my Thanks: I observe their Contents; and shall endeavour to give you the heft Satisfaction I am able about Su'inard Mines: There is now, or lately was, employed there 70 Men, who mile Ore at Fourteen Shillings per Ling; each Bing is Eight Hundred Weight: The Vein has been cut, rich in Ore, for about a Mile and Three 20

Quarters in Length; and might be capable of taking 200 Pickmen: There are several Branches that lie to the South of their mean Working, that would tuili out good Ore; but have never been much tried, as yet: The grand Work is wrought in the deepest Place, to about Seven Fathom: The Bottoms where their chief Working has been, is about 250 or 300 Fathom long. Here follows the exaftdi Calculation I can make; which, provided the Works continue as good as I believe they now are, I have ho Doubt but they will answer.

There is now, as I have faitl, 70 Meif employed, upon Bargain, and there is Room immediately to let on 50 more, which makes i20; which, allowing each Man to raise 5 C. of Ore per Week, then, in 40 Weeks, allowing 10 Week3 so be taken out of the Year, for bad Weather, or other Accidents, wherein they cannot work, the 120 Men will faile 3,000 Bing, which is 1,200 Ton; then deduct 200Ton, the Lord’s Share, there will remain l ,000; which, at £. 8 per Ton, will amount

tO ' i; £. $,000

To Cod of railing 3,000 Bing of Ore, at 14 per Bing - jC. 2,100 To prime Cost of Tools - - 200

To repairing b* One Year - - 800

To Two Smiths pen Year - - 30

To Two Timber-men One Year 80 To Timber and Ropes, - - 200

To Salaries, arid incident Charges 290 To Wages of 80 Men, 40 Weeks, in making blffcdveries on other Parts of the Vein, at 8 per Week ----- 1,600

5,3oo

Balance in favour of tile Work 2,700

£. 8,000

£. 8,000

Then, allowing the Ore to produce 14 in 20, which is the least it will do, the 1,000 Ton will make 700 Ton Lead; and* upon a moderate Computation, there will be Three Pound per Ton got on smelting the Lead, when all Charges is included; so that upon the 700 Ton there will be £. 2*100 Profit.

I have now given you the belt View of this Affair I can; and have little more to add, than that I hope, if ever it come under my Management* you will reap much more Advantage by , it* than they have who have been hitherto concerned in it.

I think it is a most extravagant Rent to alk, considering the Uncertainty of this as well other Mines. I would earnestly recommend, that you, in your Agreement with them, have it in your Power to relinquish both Works and Rent at any time, d ring the Term, upon giving Six Months Notice, of your Intention so to do: There is nothing, in my Opinion, fairer than this; and if they do not agree to it, it will be a great Hardthip upon yom

If the Vein continue as good as it now is, it will turn out almost any Quantity of Ore that can reasonably be expelled; because it is such a large Vein, and lies so near the Surface.

I Hi all go on Monday to the Works at Tartrcvan, and on Wednesday, or Thursday, to those of Eagle. As I have nothing more at Heart than the Interetl of the Company, so I with nothing more than that you may make an advantageous Agreement for the Mines of Suinard.

I am, Gentlemen,

With all due Respects,

your sincere Friend,

Franck Place.

Whitehall, 6th June 1730.

Dear Friend,

I return you my Thanks for yours, of the 30th May, to me, and also for your other Two Letters, of the 27U1, from Penrith, and 30th, from Edinburgh, to the

Court

C.

6 Geo. II.

6° Junii.

19$

Court of Assistants, and for your Account relating to the Mines at Swinard. A small Defection in any Society puts many Difficulties upon the Person who is the chief Condu6tor of Affairs: You have been informed, by Mr.

Fordyce, of what has happened, and of Mr. C.....t's

Management, in so (lily, and I may say basely, withdrawing his Interest out of the Company, in hopes to have renewed it again, at an Undervalue; but, finding himself disappointed in that, you may be lure the same Principle leads him to depreciate what is doing; and therefore, though your Account in your last was very just and encouraging, I could have wished you had omitted the Proposal of quitting the Bargain at Six Months Warning — The Gentlemen concerned w'ere not very fond of parting with those Mines; and it was nothing but the disjointed Management they were under, without a Possibility in them to mend it that induced them to agree with us, which, added to the Opportunity of being concerned in the Company’s Stock, made them the more willing; and I hope it will prove a very great and advantageous Bargain to the Company, and to you — But our quondam Friend lays hold of every thing to make the Wheel go heavier on. And it is moll certain, that the Proprietors of those Mines will not agree to quit us at any such Warning; because we may, by the Power of Money and Hands, work out all the Riches in half the time, or less, and then give them Warning; or, if they should agree to it, I am apprehensive they would tie us down to some other Regulations, which might cramp us in the Working; — Your Calculation, which is very well done, and more to our Purpose, while making the Bargain, than appears in their Books, even under their looie Management, {hews a Profit sufficient to anfiver the Rent, and more: and, no doubt, as you very well observe, it will be much reduced to our Advantage w hen it comes into your Hands — Therefore as you say, if the Vein continues as good as it now' is, it w ill turn out any Quantity of Ore that can reasonably be expected, we must run the Risque of that, since the Appearance is so good. If therefore, when you come hereafter to give any Account of this Work, you will ft&te the plain Facts, as they appear, we shall manage the rest, and, I make no doubt, produce a good Profit, and that immediately to ourselves and you.

We shall be glad to hear also a good Account from Tart rev an and Eagle, in which, and all Affairs under your Direction, we are satisfied of a prudent and judicious Management. — strom offers his kindest Respects; and I am

Your affectionate Friend,

S. Horsey.

Our Gentlemen knew of your going to view the Mines; and saw your First Letter. Your Bill for^. 1 o shall be paid'.

Edinburgh, June the nth, 1730.

Dear Colonel,

Being in Town, expecting something extraordinary about Swinard Mines, I have thy Favour of the 6th current, for which 1 thank thee. It gives me much Pleasure, that mine to the Court of Assistants, relating those Mines were, in some degree, acceptable; but, on the other hand, cannot but express my Sorrow, that my Expression, or Defect therein, should have been sufficient to have given your lurking Enemy a Handle for ill Purposes: I am certain thy good Discerning will construe it in my Favour; especially when I can, with Sincerity, say, That that Caution arise from a single and true Desire for the Interest of the Whole. I hope, for the future, {halt not he so forward.

I suppole, in a Post or Two, wre shall know something further of the Agreement.

On the 6th I wrote thee; since which have nothing material to trouble thee with.

Tomorrow Morning I shall go to the Mines at Tar-Vol. 22.

irevan; and on Saturday shall be here again, when J York will write the Gentlemen. Buildings

I am, dear Colonel, Company

With the utmost Esteem and Respect to thee and Mr. liorjey,

Thy sincere Friend,

Francis Place.

Strontien, July 13th, 1730.

Gentlemen,

Since my last to you, from Fort William, I have been at the Works, which I have carefully viewed’; and it is with great Pleasure, I assure you, that there is the finest Prospect for raising Ore I ever saw, not only in those Places already wrought, hut also in many others, which have not been tried, and upon the same vein which I have just now put Men upon to open; by which means I am positive the Vein will not only have a better Appearance, hut he really richer than in any Place already discovered.

I found Things in the greatest Confusion imaginable, and the Works very much out of Repair; but I hope, in some time, to have them as they should be, though it will cost me much Pains, and Hazard, before I get Things on a right Footing; however, hope I shall have Patience and Resolution enough to support me, during this great Reformation w'hich is to be wrought here.

I am at a great Loss for want of fuller Instructions from you; you do not tell me whether the Ore is to be valued litre or no: However, we shall make Jthe nearest Estimation we can of the Quantity, which I will transmit to you, together with the Inventory of all the Materials; which we shall soon have completed flow', since Friend Burt is come.

When you write next, pray let me know if you are to make good the former Proprietor^ Contract with thfc Dutch, for a certain Quantity of Lead if you are, then there is about .50 Tons still to be delivered them, of which there is made, and lying here, about 32 Tons; the other 18 Tons will be made in about 10 Days; and it will be that time before I can begin tolmeltany Ore upon your own Account. When I came here I found only Three Hearths at work, and them' but indifferently followed, each producing but about 13 C. of Lead ill 24 Hours; I gave immediate Orders for a 4th Hearth, and have it in 1b good Forwardness, that 1 doubt not hut to work it next Week; which, considering we had the Bellows, and many other Things necessary, to finish, will be as soon as could possibly be done. Thele Four Hearths are wrought by One Axle-tree; and I am preparing Materials for w or king Two more; but then must build another House for that Purpose. I believe shall be able to bring them to make at each Hearth 16 or 18 C. in 24 Hours; so you may from hence Calculate how loon a Ship should come. You will, ilo doubt, inform yourselves what Sale there may be for Potters Ore in London; the Matters of Ships often carry it as Ballast to the Mediterranean. If you w ould have Potters Ore font, then I can the looner load a Ship; but pray observe always to have them obliged to lie here as many working Days as possible, that we may be clear of Demurrage. It is now a very wet Season here, which may prove ill for us, in faviftg those few Peats the former Manager thought fit to have cut for us, which are not above One-third what we shall need, and it is now too late to cut more: so We must now make up the Deficiency with Billet-wood, which we can have in this Neighbourhood of Sir Alexander Murray; which, together with the Coal, which we must have from Glasgow, may be made to do; but there has been lo little Care taken of our Interest in that Respect, that we have notHalfaTonofCoalby us now, so shall be forced to borrow of our Neighbours. Since the above, relating to the Dutch Contract, 1 understand, by a Letter-from Sir Robert Sutton and Sir Archibald Grant, to the Agent here, that we are obliged to make good all their Contracts; and therein is recommended the speedy Shipping of 40 Tons of Potters

Ore,

196 6° Junii. 1733.

t York Ore, according to Agreement: Now, avS I have had no Buildings Order's from you for this, you will believe me to be in a ompany. great We bave not rfons of Potters Ore

dressed; lb you will consider that it is our Misfortune here, that we want Washers and Dressers very much; but I have taken the best Methods I could to have a pretty many more loon: Here is also a great Want of Men of all Sorts; we have but about 60 that work under ground; and, if I had them, I could employ 400 upon good Ore; but I have wrote to all my Friends for their Assistance, by which means hope to be better furnished loon. Here are many Things which are not for the Company’s Service; such as a Sloop, which is lately corfie, and Two Water Engines, §c. which, as we shall not want them, so 1 have refused to take them: You know best if I have done well herein.

Friend Burt tells me of many Contracts which we are obliged to make good; as with Captain Aughterhmcy for his Ship, 8$c. Now, if we are obliged to ratify those Agreements, it is absolutely necessary that I have Copies of them, or else I aft in the dark.

The Post is very uncertain here: This comes by a Person who I met with, that was going to Edinburgh; so thought it my Duty to give you these Accounts of your Affairs here, which shall never want the utmost Assistance in my Power to render them advantageous to you.

I am, Gentlemen, with all due Respect, your real Friend,

Francis Place.

Strontien, July 31st 1730.

Dear Colonel,

Since my last, of the 23d Instant, the Alterations which have been in our Works are very much for the better, our Works being much richer in Appearance than ever: A more particular Account thereof I shall defer until my next, at which time do suppose thee may expect to hear of the flourishing Condition we are in.

My good Friends Sir Archibald Grants and Captain Burroughs, whom I am so happy as to have with me, have been so good as to offer me the Use of any of their Stores at Moreen, which I have accepted of very thankfully; and, since I am so enabled through their Assistance, I will/ if possible, have Two Hearths more at work in about Two Months time.

The Inventory will befinished next Week. I am, dear Colonel, with the utmost Esteem and Respect to thee and Mr. Iiorfey,

Thy finqere Friend,

Francis Place.

Strontien, August 18th 1730.

Dear Colonel,

My last was the 12th Instant; at the same time I sent the Inventory; since u'hich I have thy Favour of the 28 th past, for which I am obliged.

It is no small Satisfaction to' me, that I have the Advantage and Pleasure of consulting my good Friends Sir Archibald Grant, and Captain Burroughs; who, I assure thee, take a great deal of Fatigue to inform themselves of the State of Affairs here, and to forward what they can; which, notwithstanding the Compliment thou art pleased to do my Capacity, yet I find very serviceable, which would render their Absence very uncomfortable to me;

but that I have good Grounds to hope for thy Company soon, since I hear thou art set out from London.

Sir Archibald Grant informs me, that there can’be nothing saved by freighting Ships from Glasgozc, seeing the y will not come here but at such Seafoirs when others may be had as cheap from London or Bristol.

I very much esteem thy Condescension in ordering feme Arms; which although I put no great Confidence in, yet they cannot he altogether useless in this Place, where the very Name of them will keep troublefoine Neighbours at their due Distance.

The Duke of Argylt % Countenance w ill be of great Service to us all here.

Last Night I had a Letter and Invoice from II. Strachey, of the Particulars sent by the Sloop, which we shall now daily expect.

All Things here go well: We begun our new’ Smelting Mill but Eight Days ago, and Two Days more will finifii all the Stone-w'ork; and we have all the Materials for the Furnace in such Readiness that I hope soon to have her at work also.

This Day 1 have sent Molds to Glenkindlafs Furnace, to have Hearth Plates cast of a different Form to what they had here formerly; wdiich will not only make more Lead in the same time, but much better than could possibly be done in the present Way.

The Works grow' richer every Day since I came here; inso much that I low^er the Price per Bing, upon every Bargain I have set since I came; and am lure shall lave, in letting them this Year, £. 1,000.

Sir Archibald, and Captain Burroughs, having nothing more to write than as above, desire thee will accept of their joint Service: We all join in williing the e a good Journey, and Health.

I am, dear Colonel,

Thy sincere Friend,

Francis Place.

My belt Respects to Mr. Iiorfey.

Sir Archibald has wrote to General Wade requesting the Favour of a Serjeant and 20 Men; and, as thee may probably fee the General, be pleased to second that Application; and at the same time to procure a Warrant to me for the Use of the Arms, fyc.

Strontien, 18 th September 1730.

Gentlemen,

Last Post brought me your Letters of the 27th August and 3d Instant, for both which I thank you. I am surprised at your having no Letters from me since I came here, for I wrote you very fully July the 13th; and, as I constantly correspond with the Governor, I thought it might be sufficient; but, since you desire to be informed by me, from time to time, how your Affairs go on> 1 shall not fail to give you all the Satisfaction I can. I observe you have agreed with Captain Hudson, Butden 340 Tons, to come here for Lead and Ore: I am of Opinion that finaller Vessels would answer better; however, I will do the best I can with this when Ihe comes. I shall nowr shew what Quantity we have, and a Calculation of the Quantity we may probably make per Week; after which you will be enabled to judge exactly what Ships may be loaded, and provide accordingly.

Lead belonging to the old Proprietors before 24th June Lead I’ve made since 24th June to this Day

Potters Ore made by the iff August, as per Inventory Do ..... made since to 18th September

To?u. C. qrs. lb.

- - 10 10 2 13

- - - - M9 2 0 lb

*f)9 12 3 1

- - - 28 11 0 0

- - 20 0 0 0

Total - 208 3 3 1

6 Geo. II. 6° Jutiii.

197

To make up the former Proprietors Contrail with Hull and Ellis \ and already begun to ship on board Captain Auchterloney, Lead Potter’s Ore - - - - . - -

Lead and Potter’s Ore remaining

T. c. 2. lb.

55 14 0 24

40 0 0 0

York

Buildings

Company.

o 24

2 5

We work now Four Hearths, which will make, when they meet with no Interruption or Accident, 15 Ton per Week; but, as we are frequently obliged to blow down at some of the Hearths, either by Smoke, wherein no Man can work, or for want of Fuel being dry, which is, to my great Mortification, often the same with our Peats, for want of Weather to dry them; so that that Quantity cannot always be depended on. I have almost finished the new Mill I wrote you of; and, although the Weather has been so intolerably bad, yet I hope to have her at work in Two Weeks, and then will ex peel from her Nine Ton per Week. Our reverberating Furnace, when (he begins to work, should make 2T. 8C. every 24 Hours. I have inclosed you what the Person, who should direfct the Building of her, fays about her being finished: If I had but 5,000 Wind-for Bricks, and 8 or 10,000 Stock Bricks, I would build a Slag Furnace, which should work upon Slugs only; and would from thence make 15 Ton per Week. I would have wrote you for Bricks before now, but was deceived by the Accounts the Gentlemen who manage the Mines at Murvai gave me; which was, that they had given Orders, when at London, for j 2,000 Windsor Bricks; so they concluded from thence, and we all depended upon that Quantity, and knew not to the contrary, till I sent for them to use her6, where we find them not above 3,000; which will, with much ado, only complete this we have already begun. — As to the Quantity of Potter’s Ore we nuiy make, that depends intirely upon the Veins throwing out Ore of such a Quality, which ffie was never more likely to do than fiow; and, if I had but a sufficient Number of good Dressers, I could make a great deal more than I now do; but, as it is impossible to get any to come here this Winter, mufo endeavour so to dispose and mix those, who are experienced, with those who are new Beginners, as to answer the same Purposes, as far as it is possible: You may be affur&l, that there is not any One Thing left undone, which can be of service in forwarding the general Good; which, next my Salvation, is nearest my Heart; and, whether I have not done as much as Man could do since here, 1 leave to the Judgment of those Gentlemen who have already been here, and to the Report of the Governor, who I daily expect, and who will be a Judge by seeing what is done. It is in vain to tell you of many Inconveniencies and Hindrances which I meet with, which neither you nor I can help thisSeafon, through the former ill Management; but are such as I will affirm shall never trouble us more. I could write you a Volume on this Subject, but to what Purpose! 1 rather choose to tell you, as I can in truth> that your Works are richer than ever I saw them. I havefet, within these few Days, 10 different Bargains, considerably cheaper than the same Ground was let for before. You will please to consider. Whether it is better to fend the Lead and Ore to London or Holland: Why I would be glad to be informed herein, is, because of the Duty, which is very considerable; and, by good Management, here may be half saved if you fend it abroad; whereas, if it comes to you, our Endeavours to save the Duty here will be but to little Purpose. As the Governor will be here before I can have your Answer, I shall be advised by him: As soon as I have loaded Captain Auchterloney, I will fend you the Bill of Lading, which you will settle with the former Proprietors, and deduct out of the Quantities mentioned in the Inventory. Whenever you happen to fend Ships from London, they should be obliged to call at Newcastle; and there to take in at least^ds of their Loading of Coals; by which means it would come to us Freight free, and be much fitter for our Purpose: We may try which will come cheapest, Whether the Deals and Timber from Norzvay, Vou 22.

or from the Woods at Abernethy; I believe from Nor-jpty; but next Summer may determine: We have now got and commissioned as much as we shall want for some time.

When we begin to work our Slags, it will be absolutely necessary to have what we call Skull Iron and Buffiel Iron; the former is about 40,?. per Ton, the latter about or £. 5 per Ton; you may get it at Win. Bowen's, Founder, at Marygold Stairs again!! White Friars; at Richard Sanders's, in New Thames street, Southwark; or at Mr. Remnant's, Founder, at Woolwich.

For every Thousand of Windsor Bricks, please to fend me a Load of Windsor Loom. Captain Anderson, in the Friendship, arrived here a few Days ago: We are now discharging her; but her Cargo of Malt is much damaged; some whereof ffie left behind at Dundee, left, by its being so wet and musty, it should spoil the rest: Just now we have unloaded her, and find the Malt so damaged, that I question whether any of it will be fit for Use: The Captain fays, that, upon searching into the Cause, he found that the Carpenter, who had fitted her last in the Thames, in place of caulking her, had only run Pitch over the Seams, which made her leaky as soon as ever ffie came to Sea; so that the Carpenter seems to be liable. I have lately had a Loading of Deals and Trees from Norway, by Captain Bradey; and have now sent him to Glasgow for Coal ;\as soon as flie returns I must let her have some Lead: And I hear there are other Two Ships coming from the Murray Firth with Provisions; and they are to be loaded like-wife; besides Two I have wrote about. One from Glasgow, or Belfast in Ireland, the other from Bristol; and to be here, if they can be procured, iu December next; so that you need not engage any more, until I can advise what Answer I have about them. I am, Gentlemen, with all due Respects,

Your sincere Friend,

Francis Place.

Strontien, 4th November 1730.

Gentlemen,

On the 19th Ult. I wrote you fully, and the 2d Instant I wrote you a ffiort Letter, per Mr Horsey, from Fort William. — I have put on' board Captain Hudson 150 Ton Lead, which is as much as the Weather would permit us to do in the time; but hope soon to complete her Lading. It is impossible to unload, and then load a Ship of her Burden, in the time you have referred; therefore you will lee the necessity of having more Lie Days before Demurage commences.

1 have sent Captain Thomson to the Firth of Forth, in order to take in the Meal we have so long expected by some of Sir Archibald Grant's Ships; if the Meal should be shipped already, then he is to take in Coal at Port Seaton: I begin to dread the consequence of not having the Meal here before now: We are already reduced to lliort Allowance, not having above 500 Bolls Meal in Store; and the weekly Cop.fumption amounts to about 50 Bolls; so that, if we have not a speedy Supply, we shall be put in a poor Condition.

- Our new Smelting Mill wrought very well until last Saturday Night, when some Villains broke in, and have cut One Set of Bellows all to Bits: I endeavour all I can to discover the Persons concerned; and, in order thereto, I have published a Reward of 20 Guineas to the Discoverer; but as.yet all is in vain.

Our Furnace, I fear, will prove of little Use to usf at lead until we get Skull or Scrap Iron, to work our Slags with.

The Works are. in every part, as rich as ever; but the" Men begin to be loapprehenlive of the Sickness, which is customary in the Winter; and it is with great Difficulty 3 E that

York

Huildingft.

Company.

Privilege.

6° — 7 ° Junii. 1733*

that I keep the Smelters, which are in any tolerable Health; therefore we mult double our Diligence in the Summer.

We need never fear Ore and Lead enough, provided we can get Miners and Smelters; which we need not fear neither, when they are convinced of the different V(age they shall have, to what they had from the former Managers. I shall have a new Pair of Bellows ready, in a few Days, to make good the Place of those cut^ A few Days ago 1 went with Mr. Horsey to view a fiew Vein, which has lately been discovered upon the Company’s Liberty; and which I shall hereafter call Horsey's Vein: It is discovered on the Side of a high Hill, and appears rich in Ore to the very Day: I struck the First Tool into it myself; and, in less than One Hour’s time, I broke more than a C. W1. of good Ore. Here are several good Things which I shall write you of, as soon as I have time to make a thorough Judg. ment of them.

I am, Gentlemen, with all due Respect,

Your fmcere Friend,

Francis Place.

P. S. You will fee that my Reason for fending Thomson to the Firth of Forth, was only to be the more secure of the Meal.

N* V.

An Estimate of Interest paid by, and owing from the York Buildings Company, as appears from the several Cadi Books, Sic. since December 1719 to Midfum-mer 1732.

Paid Interest on Bonds, Warrants, Re- £. s. d. ceipts, Loans, Sic. as per Account thereof, made out by Mr. Monteage 17,865 16 — { Paid Interest on the Purchase-money of the forfeited Estates, as per State thereof, by Mr. Fordyce - -47*994 8 jisT

Paid Interest on Monies borrowed,

He. fmce Christmas 1727, as per

State thereof, by Mr. Birch - - 6,465 7 2

Interest owing on Bonds, and Monies borrowed, to Christmas 1732, as per Mr. Birch’s State annexed to the former Report.

Interest owing on the Purchase money of Widdrington Estate, as per Mr. TurbiU’s Account aunexed to the former Report -

7*>3*5

17,420

6,489

9t 7 8 6 1

£ 9®>235 5

June the ad, 1733.

This is a true Account, to the best of our respective Knowledges,

(Errors excepted.)

Thomas Fordyce,

S. Monteage, Richard Birch. Ordered, That the said Repoyt and Appendix do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 70 die Junii;

Anno 6* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1733. Prayers.

MR. Earley according to Order, reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Complaint of a Breach of the Privilege of this House, committed

against Sir Richard Lane Knight, a Member of this House; and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read.

The Report and Resolutions are as follows; viz.

The Committee have examined the Matter of the Complaint against Jonathan Evindony of London, Attorney at Law, and John Ellithorne his Servant, and other Persons unknown, under the Diredion of the said Jonathan Evindony in coming, on the Twenty-third of November last, into a Cellar in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, wherein Sir Richard Lane Knight, a Member of this House, and his Servants, were filling up several Hogslieads of Beer, the Property of a Person in the Country, for whom, upon Request, Sir Richard acted as Agent; and, after blowing out the Candles, that they might not be discovered, locked the Door upon, and violently assaulted him and his Servants, keeping them under Confinement above an Hour, bruised Sir Richard's Hand, with other Injuries; and, by Force and Fraud, got Possession of the said Cellar and Beer, and have ever since detained the fame, in Breach of the Privilege of this House:

Thomas Chamberlain, being examined, said. That, about the Sixth of May 1732, One hundred Thirty-one Hogslieads, and Six Half Hogslieads, of Dorchester Beer, were landed at his Wharf, belonging to Joseph Marples; and that a Contract was entered into, and signed, by Sir Richard Lane, and George Way; and that the said Way, having the charge of the Beer, acted as Agent for Marples, as he believed:

And, being asked, Whether Way fold the Beer ? He said, he could not say he did; but he gaveTaftes of it, in order to fell it; and that several Hogslieads were carried out, by Ways Order.

Then the Purchase Agreement was produced, and read; whereby it appeared Sir Richard Lane bad purchased Fifty-two Hogsheads of the said Beer 10th June 1732, for his Son, and paid One Guinea Earnest to George Way:

The Witness further said, That the Hogslieads, on the 10th or 1 ith of June, were maked R. L.; and that, upon his asking Sir Richard Lane, who would pay the Wharfage and Warehouse-room; He answered, That he would satisfy him:

That Mr. Way had the Key, and locked up the Beer for the moil Part:

That Mr. Evindon paid the Warehouse-room, and all the other Charges, to the beginning of December last:

That he knew nothing of Sir Richard Lane's putting on a Lock; and he was not at home when the Lock was broke off; but said, a Lock was broke off:

Being shewed the Contraft, He said, he believed it to be Sir Richard's Hand; but thought the Words, " for my Son," were not; and believed the Letters to be larger than Sir Richard usually wrote.

Then Sir Richard produced Chamberlain's Letter, which Chamberlain owned to be his own Hand, dated 20th November 1732, with Proposals for Sale of the Beer, by the Assignees, inclosed.

Being cross-examined. He said. Sir Richard Lane had no Key; and that he saw Two Locks on the Cellar Door; but could not say who put them on:

That the Statute came out before the Second Lock was put on; and was pulled off'about the Tenth of November: That, when he first saw the Lock on, it was the beginning of November; believed the Lock was on about Ten Days at mod: That he went out of Town the beginning of July, and returned again in September; and that he was out of Town about Seven Weeks.

Thomas Powell said. Sir Richard came to him on the Twenty-third of November, and employed him as a Cooper: That he sent for the Key to Way's Son, who came with the Key, and let them into the Cellar; That they filled up near Thirty Hogslieads, and had removed

>7 Nine,

6 Geo. II. 70 — 8199

Nine, when a Gentlerban came, with feYeral others with him, am! created a Disturbance; and then, the Candles being put out, it was cried out, Let’s huftle him:

That Ways Son let him in when Sir Richard Lane came, and not before; and lent a Hand to fill up the Beer: That about Twenty-nine Calks were filled up, and Nine were removed: That, in rolling the Hogsheads, his Shin was broke very much: That Sir Richard's Hand was very much bruised, and bled much; and that very abusive Language was given by Evindoii: That, after feme time, they enme to Terms; and that then Sir Richard Lane laid, Me would not infill on his Privilege, but try it at Law.

Being cross-examined, he fa id, lie saw no other Locks, but what Way's Son had the Key of f

James Peters, an Attorney, said, He went with Sir Richard Lane, and advised him to get into Possession some time in November; and confirmed the former Evidence concerning young Way's coming with the Keys, and filling up the Beer; and the Removal of Eight or Nine Hogsheads:

That Eviudon came, with others, and gave very abusive Language, and fv ore at them, using Sir Richard Lane very ill: That he did not fee Evindoii put out the Candles: That his Shin was also broke in the Dispute: That Sir Richard was in Possessiou about an Hour before the Disturbance; and that he had heard Sir Richard Lane say, the Hogsheads were brought back again.

The Counsel on behalf of the Parties complained of alleged, that the Complaint against John Ellithorne was without Foundation, he not being so much as mentioned by any of the Witnesses produced by the Sitting Member: And then called,

Joseph Mar pies: Who gave Evidence, That the Agreement between Sir Richard Lane, and George Way, was shewed to him the same Day after it was signed: That the Words " for my Son" were inserted since: That he remembered the Scratch after 1732 — j and what followed next, was, (iper Richard Lane."

Being cross-examined, he said, He bought Wine of Sir Richard Lane, not of his Son: That he gave him Bills payable for Time: That he was at considerable Charge with them; and ft tiered him his Wines again.

Mr. William Taylor produced the Agreement, which, he said, was signed by them, and left in his Hands by Consent, for the Benefit of both Parties: Which Agreement being read, it appeared. That the Property of the Fifty-two Hogsheads of Beer, claimed by Sir Richard Lane, was agreed to be determined by a Tryal at the Sittings in London.

Robert Godfrey gave Evidence, That he is the subscribing Witness to the said Contraft; and saw the Parties sign the fame, about Twelve of the Clock the same Night, after the Quarrel.

Then Sir Richard Lane, in his place, said, He admitted the Contraft; and scorned to make use of Privilege unjustly.

'Mr. William Taylor, being called in again, said. That Privilege was mentioned at the time of signing the said Agreement, and that he advised Sir Richard Lane not to make use thereof; who said, He would not, without his Consent: That, after his Return from the Circuit, Sir Richard Lane came to him, and said. He would complain, with his Consent: To which the Witness answered, That he would consent, if Sir Richard desired it.

The Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this ^Committee, That Jonathan Evindon, Attorney at Law, is not guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House, in assaulting the Person of Sir Richard Lane, Knight, a Member of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Ellithorne, Servant to the said Jonathan Evin-<km, is not guilty of Breach of the Privilege of this House, in assaulting the Person of Sir Richard Lane Knight, a Member of this House.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Vo 1. 22.

time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Sir John Cope, according to Order, reported from the Committee appointed to inquire into the Frauds and Abuses in the Customs; to the Prejudice of Trade, and Diminution of the Revenue; That the Committee had agreed upon a Rieport of their Proceedings, which they had directed him to make; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table, together with an Appendix thereunto; and several Papers therein mentioned, which had been laid before the Committee, pursuant to their Orders.

And the said Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report, with the Appendix thereunto, be printed; and that Mr. Speaker do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

The said Report, and the Appendix thereto, being printed, by Order of the House, a printed Copy thereof is bound up in a Volume, containing the several printed Reports of this Session, which is preserved with the other Books belonging to the House: And the original Report is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the several Reports from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Stock of the Governor and Company for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, assembled in their General Court held at their House in Winchester-street, the Twelfth Day of January 1732, was referred; together with the several Appendixes thereunto, and the Proceedings of the House thereupon; be printed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller fop the Yea, gg — } 4--

Teh., fop.be Noe,. g*; gg*"* } .

So it paired in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by. Mr. Allen and Mr Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Exportation for inlarging the Time for Exportation of Tea, without of Tea* any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made Bastard by this House, to the Amendment, made by their Lord- Children, ships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Parishes, and other Places, from such Charges as may arise from Bastard Children born within the same, with au Amendment to One of the Amendments made by this House: To which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisy 8° die Junii;

Anno 6° Georgii IF1 Regis, 1733.

Prayers.

f\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- Southampton rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new nt* Writ for the electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Southampton, in the room of the Right honourable Harry Powlett, 4

Esquire, commonly called Lord Harry Powlett, who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

The

Frauds in the Customs.

York

Buildings

Company,

200

Bastard

Children.

Privilege.

Re-delivery of certain Papers presented to the House.

8° — 90

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to One of the Amendments, made by this House, to One of the Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Parishes, and other Places, from such Charges as may arise from Ballard Children born within the same.

And the said Amendment was read; as is as follows; viz.

At the End of the said First Amendment, add <c and " One Month after." '

The said Amendment being read a Second time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in tae said Amendment;

Thd House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j ^: }

'P ii r TMr. Rawlinson Earl. 1

Tellers for the Noes, { { *9-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Crosse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Complaint made to the House the Twenty-second Day of lad Month, of a Breach of the Privilege of this House, committed against Sir John Rushout Baronet, a Member of this House, be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till To-raorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

fiabbati, 9* die Junii;

Anno 6® Georgii IIdl Regis, 1733.

Prayers.

THE Lord Gage reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Mary Lease, Widow of Thomas Lease, her late Husband, deceased, was referr ed. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had diFefted him to report the fame, together with the Resolution of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read:

And the Report and Resolution are as follows; viz. The Committee, to whom the Petition of Mary Leafex Widow of Thomas Lease, her late Husband, deceased, was referred, have, pursuattf to the Order of this House, of the 31st of May lad, proceeded to examine the Allegations of the said Petition: Aud, to prove the fame. The Petitioner produced the Letters of Administration, granted to her, of the Goods and Chattels of her late Husband, deceased; which were read.

And the Assignees of the Commission of Bankruptcy awarded against John Thompson, laid before the Committee Copies of the Schedules of the several Notes, Bonds, and Papers, which were delivered to them by virtue of an Order of this Hojufe, of the 18th of May 1732.

Then the Committee proceeded to examine into such of the said Papers as were seized at the House of the said Thomas Lease; which Papers were severally perused and examined.

Upon which the Committee came to the following Resolution; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That none of the Papers', Writings, Notes, or Securities, seized by the Order of this House, in the last Session of Parliament, at the House of Thomas Lease, did belong to, or concern the said Thomas Lease, except Three Letters directed to him, which are of very little Purport.

A. 1733.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the said Letters be delivered back to the said Mary Lease, Widow, and Administratrix of the Goods and Chattels of the said Thomas Lease, deceased.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas Rennet and M r. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Norton'* to enable certain Persons to propound the Papers, im- Will, porting to be the last Will, Codicils, and Testamentary Schedules of Richard Norton, late of Southwick, in the County of Southampton, Esquire, deceased, in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, and to sue for Administration, with the same annexed, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act j)ce to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Navigation. Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Whale for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery Tilhenr. carried on by his Majesty’s British Subjects, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Norton^ Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Will. An Act to enable certain Persons to propound the Papers, importing to be the last Will, Codicils, and Testamentary Schedules of Richard Norton, late of Southwick, in the County of Southampton, Esquire, deceased, in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, and to sue for Administration, with the same annexed:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follows; viz.

Press 4. L. 24. Leave out from " Equity," to "and," in the 30th Line of the same Press:

L. 33. Leave out "all:"

L. 34. After " shall," insert " all."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Medlycott do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord ships.

The House being informed. That Lieutenant General Vacating Wade, a Member of this House, hath, fi nee his Election Seat? by.

, . ceDttn*1

to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Bath, tarvApp in the County of Somerset, accepted the Office of merns! Governor of Fort William, Fort AuguJlus, and Fort George, \n that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and the Opinion of the House being desired, Whether, by the acceptance of the said Office, his Seat in Parliament became void;

And the 29th Section of the Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of England in the Protestant Line, being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That a Committee be appointed to search Precedents, as to the Seats in Parliament becoming vacant, of Officers in the Army, being Members of the House of Commons, by their having Commissions to be Governors, or Lieutenant Governors, of Forts, Citadels, and Garrisons, in Great Britain;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Journal of the House, of the 28th Day of February, in the 7th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, in relation to the making^out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to fbrve in Parliament for the Borough of Arundel, in the County of Sussex;

And the Journal of the House, of the 17th Day of February, in the qth Year of the Reign of Queen

Anne,

7 Geo. II.

T — 13" yunii.

Anne, in relation to the making out a new Writ for the electing a Knight to serve in Parliament for the County of Northumberland;

And the Journal of the House, of the First Day of February, in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, in relation to the making out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Camelford, in the County of Cornwall;

And the Journal of the House, of the 25th Day of April, in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, in relation to the making out a new Writ for the electing a Commissioner for the Shire of Bentfrew;

And the Journal of the House, of the 3d Day of April, in the 7th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, in relation to the Proceedings of the House in the same of Brigadier General Stanwix, a Member of this House;

And the Journal of the House, of the 18th Day of January last, in the present Session of Parliament, in relation to the making out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for Northampton, in the County of Northampton;

And the Journal of the House, of the 22d Day of January last, in the present Session of Parliament, in relation to the making out a new Writ for the electing a Citizen to serve in Parliament for the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset; were read:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the accepting a Commission of Governor or Lieutenant Governor of any Fort, Citadel, or Garison, upon the military Establishment, of his Majesty’s Guards and Garisons in Great Britain, by any Member of this House, being an Officer in the Army, does vacate the Seat of such Member in this House;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

201

shall," insert " except as

Press 4. L. 8. After ‘

" herein after is provided

L. 37. Before "shall," insert "except in the manner herein after provided

Press 5. L. 4. Before " And whereas," insert a Proviso marked A, which is as follows j

A: " Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be " lawful for any Person or Persons, who shall fell any " publick or joint Stock, or other publick Securities, to " be delivered, and paid for, on a certain Day, and "which shall be refilled or neglected, to be paid for,

" according to such Agreement, to fell fitch Stock, or " other Securities, which shall be so refused or neglected " to be paid for, to any other Person or Persons, for the " best Price which can be obtained; and, after fiiph " Sale, to recover or receive, if the Parties can agree,

" from the Person or Persons who first contrafted for the " fame, all the Damage which shall be sustained thereby;

" any thing in this Act, or any Law, Usage, or Custom,

" to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding

L. 36. Before "Right," insert "their own

Press 7. L. 30. Leave out from " fame" to " Pro-.

" vided," in the First Line of the 8th Press:;

Press 8. L. 28. Leave opt " Seven; and, instead thereof, insert " Three

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Amendments'be taken into farther Consideration upon this Day Fortnight;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Mr. Plumptre, }

Mr. Laroche:

Mr. Harley, Mr. Harvey i J 26.

JMr. Sandys, Mr. Ward;

Tellers for the Noes, { M^LSrf’ So it passed in the Negative.

18.

} 96-

1 Prerentin? Stock-

Ditto.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas Bennet and Mr. Edwards;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the infamous Practice of Stockjobbing, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the kid Amendments:

And the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 1. L. 22. Leave out from " what foe ver" to " any," in the 24th Line, and insert " upon which any " Premium, or Consideration in the nature of a Premium, shall be given or paid for Liberty to put upon,

" or to deliver, receive, accept, or refuse:"

L. 26. Leave out from " therein," to "and," in the 29th Line:

L. 31. After "Wagers," insert "or in the u nature of Puts or Refusals

L. 37. After "all," insert "such:"

L. 38. Leave out from " Agreements" to " or," in the last Line of the same Press:

Press 3. L. 13. Leave out from "Agreement" to " as," in the 16th Line, and insert " upon which any " Premium, or Consideration in the nature of a Pre-u mium, shall be given or paid for Liberty to put upon, "or to deliver, receive, accept, or refuse, any publick " or joint Stock, or other publick Securities whatsoever, " or any Part, Share, or Interest therein, or any Contract or Bargain, in the nature of Puts or Refusals

L. 32, 33. Leave out " not to be performed 11 within Ten Days after the Making thereof Vou 22.

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas Bennet. and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the converting a further Part of the capital Stock of the South Sea Company into Annuities, redeemable by Parliament; and for settling the remaining Part of the said Stock in the said Company, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

South Sea Company.

Mercuriiy 13* die Junit;

Anno 7* Georgii II'" Regis, 1733.

Prayers. 1

(ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do ifllie his War- rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Selkirk, in the room of James Rutherford Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Commissary of the Commissariat of Peebles.

Mr. Earle, according to Order, reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Complaint of a Breach of the Privilege of this House, committed against Sir John Rushout, Baronet, a Member of this House; and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; and he read the Report in his Place; apd afterwards delivereft it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read:

The Report and Resolutions are as follow; viz.

The Committee have examined the Matter of the Complaint, That Wm. Phillips, Attorney at Law, hath lately caused an Ejectment, at the Suit of one 5 F Thomas

Selkirk

Writ.

Privilege.

102

ij Jutiii. 1733.

Privilege. Tliamds George, on the Demifeof 'Elizabeth Lunne, "Widow, to be delivered l>y* Edward Barnes, his Cterk, to Henry Walter, Tenant in Possession, of a Messuage, and Lands, in North Littleton, in the County of Worcester, the Estate of Sir John Hu-J/iout Baronet, a Member of this House, in Breach of the Privilege of this House:

The Counsel for the Complainant alleged, That a Declaration in Ejectment was served, on or about the 15th Day of last Month, upon Henry Walter, a Tenant of Sir John Rushout Baronet, a Member of this House.

To prove which, they called.

Henry Walter: Who gave Evidence, That hef rented, and was in Possession of, a Half Yard-land, and Mefftmge, belonging :to Sir John Rushout: That he took tfae’fameof Air. D^/^Sir/^yiVSteWard; and that he has a Crop now on the Ground: rffiShatMr. Barnes, Clerk to Mr. Phillips, came upon the Spot, a’ndVead a Paper to him, and then delivered telling him, It was an Ejectment, directed by Elizabeth Lunne, Widow; and that he delivered it by his Matter Mr. Phillips's Order; and produced the Declaration, which, he said, was the same Paper delivered by Barnes; which was read, actid is dated 16th May 1733.

Thomas Holingjhead gave Evidence, That he served the Order for attending this Committee, at Mr. Phillips's House, and also on Edward Barnes, by leaving them a Copy of the Order, and {hewing the Original: That the Servant informed him Mr. Phillips was at home; but he pretended Business, and would not fee him: And that he also served Elizabeth Lunne with the Order, and found her ill in Bed.

The Committee, observing that no Counsel appeared for the Persons complained of, ordered the Serjeant to inquire, in the Lobby, whether any-body attended on their behalf; he acquainted the Committee, That Mr. Phillips the Attorney attended, and desired to be heard.

"Whereupon he was called in; and, beingafked, What he had to say in Defence of his Proceeding ? he acknowledged, That he caused the Declaration to be delivered, and owned himself in the Wrong for so doing: That he was heartily sorry for the fame; and humbly asked Pardon of the Committee, and the honourable Member, for his Offence.

Upon which the Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Elizabeth Ijunnc; having directed, on the 15th Day of May last, a Declaration in Ejectment to be delivered to Henry Walters, a Tenant to some Lands belonging to Sir John Rushout Baronet, a Member of this House, is thereby guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That William Philli/)s9 Attorney at Law, having caused, on the 15th Day of May last, a Declaration in Ejeft-tnent to be delivered to Henry Walters, a Tenant to ? some Lands belonging to Sir John Rushout Baronet, a Member of this House, is thereby guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Edward Barnes, Clerk to the said William Phillips, having.....,on the 15th Day of May last, a De-

claration in Ejectment on Henry Walters, a Tenant to some Lands belonging to Sir John Rushout Baronet, a Member of this House, is thereby guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were upon the Question severally put thereupon agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the said William Phillips be, for his said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said Edward Barnes be, for his said Breach of Privilege, taken into th6Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do itfue his Warrant to Bury St the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Buty St. Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of the Right honourable John Her-vey Esquire, commonly called Lord Hervey, now Lord Hei'vey Baron of Ickworth, called up to the House of Peers.

A Meffnge from the Lords, by Mr. John Bonnet and Mr. Elde:

Mr. Speaker, ’

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act Charitable for making effectual such Agreement as shall be made Jrporaun-between the charitable Corporation for Relief of indus- Wi\h Credi-trious Poor, by assisting them with small Sunis* upon tors. Pledges, at legal Interest, and their Creditors; and for the farther disabling Sir Archibald Grant, William Burroughs, Richard Woolley, and Thomas Warren, from aliening or transporting their Estates or Effects; with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Charitable -for appointing Commissioners to examine, state, and report* who of the Sufferers in the charitable Corporation sufferers, are Objects of Compassion, according to the Descriptions therein mentioned; and for giving Relief to such Sufferers; and for enforcing the Laws made against foreign Lotteries; and for impowering the said Commit sioners to hear and determine the Claims of such Creditors and Proprietors of the said Corporation, as have not made their Claims within the time limited by an Act, made in thelatt Session of Parliament, for taking, stating, and determining, all the Claims and Demands of the Creditors of the said Corporation; and of all Persons claiming any Share or Interest in the Stock or Fund of the said Corporation; with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Performanc Act for reviving so much of the Act, made in the First of Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to QuaraiU,fle oblige Ships coming from Places infefted more effectually to perform their Quarantine; and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey,

Alderney, Sark, or Man; and to hinder the Spreading oflnfeftion; as relates to the Performing of Quarantine, and preventing the Spreading oflnfeftion; and to enable his Majesty to prohibit Commerce with any Country or Place infefted with the Plague, for a certain Time therein limited; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Andor Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Wm electinga Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Andover, in the County of Southampton, in the room of the honourable James Brudenell Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Grobmsof his Majesty’s Bed-chamber.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the charit Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, ^P01 An Act for appointing Commissioners to examine, state, and report, who of the Sufferers in the charitable Corporation are Objects of Compassion, according to the Descriptions therein mentioned; and for giving Relief to such Sufferers; and for enforcing the Laws made against foreign Lotteries; and for impowering the said Commissioners to hear and determine the Claims of such Creditors and Proprietors of the said Corporat ion, as have not made their Claims within the Time limited by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for taking, stating, and determining, all the Claims and Demauds o{ the Creditors of the said Corporation, and of all Persons

claiming

7 Geo. II. i 3" Junii.

203

claiming any Share or Interest in the Stock or Fund of the said Corporation.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as / follow; viz.

Press, 6. L. 38. Leave out €€ and;" and after " Aijla-}. " bic> " insert " George Jackson

Press 7. L. 18. Leave out " Commissioners," and insert " Bank

Press 20. Lv 21. After u to," insert " make proper

Allowances to the Bank of England, and to

The First of the said Amendments being read a Second time y '

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment j,

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {

Tellers for the Noes, A

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Second Amendment being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The last Amendment being read a Second time;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Debate be adjourned;

The House divided.

1 The Yeas go forth.

W.ers for, hoYeas,{ 54.

Tdlersfor theNom.ljj1'^G'’^ ]u7

So it passed in the Negative.

The Journal of the House, of the 8th, 9th, 10th, and 1 ith Days of April, in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, in relation to the Proceedings of the House upon the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by Sale of the forfeited and other Estates, and Interests, in' Ireland, and by a Land Tax in England, for the several Purposes therein mentioned, was read.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Colonel Bladon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Charitable The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Sraeiu Amendments, made 1>y the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, tithCrcdi. An Act for making effectual such Agreement as shall be made between the charitable Corporation for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums upon . Pledges, at legal Interest, and their Creditors; and for the further disabling Sir Archibald Grant, William Burroughs, Richard Woolley, and Thomas Warren, from aliening or transporting their Estates or Effects.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 2. L. 15. Leave out from" doing" to " and, " in the 27th Line of the 3d Press:

In the Title of the Bill, Line the 6th, leave out from "Creditors" to the End.

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question federally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Winnington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their'Lordships.

VlAffent A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers. Vol. 22.*

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers; Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publickand private Bills following; viz.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to apply l ive hundred thousand Pounds out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1733; and for the further Disposition of the said Fund, by paying off One M illion of South Sea Annuities: and for enabling his Majesty, out of the Monies arisen by Sale of Lands in the island of St. Christopher, to pay the Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds for the Marriage Portion of the Princess Royal; and Ten thousand Pounds to the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America; and for making good all Deficiences and Charges, by taking Broad Pieces into the Mint, out of the Coinage Duty; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for issuing to the Sub Dean, Treasurer, and Steward, of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster, out of the Monies reserved for building Fifty new Churches within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof, and for making Provisions for the Mi-nifters of the fame, Four thousand Pounds for the Repair of the said Collegiate Church, and Twelve hundred Pounds for finishing the Dormitory belonging the reunto: An Act to prevent the coining or counterfeiting any of the Gold Coins commonly called Broad Pieces:

An Act for making perpetual the several Acts therein mentioned, for the better Regulation of Juries; and for impowering the Justices of Session or Affixes for the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham, to appoint a special Jury, in manner therein mentioned; and for continuing the Act for regulating the Manufacture of Cloth in the West Riding of the County of York, except a Clause therein contained; and for continuing an Act for the more effectual punching wicked and evil disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or any Sea Bank; and to prevent the malicious Cutting of Hop Binds; and for continuing an Act, made in the Thirteenth and Fonrteenth Years of the Reign of KingC/iar/rj the Second, for preventing Theft and Rapine on the Northern Borders of England; and for reviving and continuing certain Clauses in Two other Acts made for the same Purpose: ,

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors:

An Act for enlarging the Time for Exportation of Tea:

An Act for the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames:

An Act for the Relief of Parishes, and other Places, from such Charges as may arise from Bastard Children born within the same:

An Act for the converting a further Part of the capital Stock of the South Sea Company into Annuities, redeemable by Parliament; and for settling the remaining Part of the said Stock in the said Company:

An Act for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on by his Majesty’s British Subjects: An Act for reviving so much of the Act, made in the First Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to oblige Ships coming from Places infefted more effectually to perform their Quarantine; and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man; and to hinder the Spreading of Infection; as relates to the performing of Quarantine; and the preventing Spreading of Infection; and to enable his Majesty to prohibit Commerce with any Country or Place infefted with the Plague, for a certain Time therein limited:

An Act to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester;

An

204 130 Junii,

Royal A (Tent An Act to enable certain Persons to propound the to Bills. papers importing to be the last Will, Codicils, and Tef-tamentary Schedules, of Richard Norton, late of South-ioicky in the County o(Southampton, Esquire, deceased, in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, and to sue for Administration, with the same annexed:

An Act for appointing Commissioners to examine, date, and report, who of the Sufferers in the charitable Corporation are Objects of Compassion, according to the Descriptions therein mentioned, and for giving Relief to such Sufferers; and for enforcing the Laws made against foreign Lotteries; and for impowering the said Commissioners to hear and determine the Claims of such Creditors and Proprietory of the said Corporation, as have not made their Claims within the Time limited by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for taking, Hating and determining, all the Claims and Demands of the Creditors of the said Corporation, and of all Persons claiming any Share or interest in the Stock or Fund of the said Corporation:

An A6i for making effectual such Agreement as shall be made between the charitable Corporation for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal interest, and their Creditors:

An Act for confirming an Exchange agreed to be made between William Earl Coze per, and Sir George Oxenden, Baronet, of certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Kent:

An Act to enable Richard Child Esquire, commonly called Lord Cajllemain, and the Heirs of his Body, and such other Persons who, by virtue of a Settlement made by Frederick Tylney, Esquire, deceased, shall be in the Possession of the Estates therein limited, to take and use the Surname of Tylney:

An Act to enable the several Persons claiming under the Will, or Codicil, of Robert late Lord Bingley, when they shall be entitled to the Estates coraprifed therein, or directed to be purchased thereby, to make Leases for One-and-twenty Years, at the bell improved Rents, without taking Fines:

An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Charles Choi-mondeley Esquire, in the County of Chester, in Trullees, to be sold, to raise Money for the Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for making certain Articles of Agreement, entered into by Thomas Asjheton Esquire, in behalf of his Son Thomas As(hctony an Infant touching the Estate late of Robert Cholmondeley, of IIolford, in the County of Chester, Esquire, obligatory on the said Infant; and veiling the said Estate in Trullees, to be sold for the Purposes therein expressed: ,

An Act for enabling Richard Dozodefivell Esquire, to raise Money, by Sale or Mortgage of his Estates in the Counties of Gloucester and Worcester, to pay off the Portion of his Niece Anne Wylde the younger, charged thereon:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Antony Henley Esquire, in Trullees, to be sold, for Discharge of the several Debts and Incumbrances asse?6ting the fame; and for making a further separate Provision for the Lady Elizabeth his Wife, during their joint Lives:

An Act for felling Part of the settled Estate of David Roberts Esquire, for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances of himself and his late Father; and for lettling an Equivalent for the fame, for the Benefit of the several Persons claiming tinder his Marriage Settlement:

An Act for vesting in Trullees the unsettled Estates of William Brandon, deceased, to be sold, for Payment of a Debt due from him to the Crown; and for applying the Residue of the Money, arising by such Sale, for the Benefit of his Family:

An Act for enabling Trullees to make Leases of certain Messuages, Houses, and Buildings, in Mark4ane>

*5

16 Juliu 1733*

in the City of London, the Estate of George Harvest an Infant:

An Act for relloring Bazil Hamilton in Blood.

After which, his Majesty wras pleased to make a most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, at followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The Season of the Year, and the Dispatch yern have The King’* given to the publick Business make it proper for me to Speeh. put an End to this Session of Parliament.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I return you my Thanks for the Provisions yon have made for the Service of the current Year: I have never demanded any Supplies of my People but what wrere absolutely necessary for the Honour, Safety, and Defence, of me and my Kingdom: and I am always best pleased, when the publick Expences ate supplied in a manner least burdensome to my Subjects.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I cannot pass by unobserved the wicked Endeavours that have lately been made use of to inflame the Minds of the People, and by the moll unjust Misrepresen tat ions, to raise Tumults and Disorders that almost threatened the Peace of the Kingdom; but I depend upon the Force of Truth, to remove the groundless Jealoulies that have been raised, of Designs carrying on again!! the Liberties of my People; and upon your known Fidelity, to defeat and frustrate the Expectations of such as delight in Confusion. It is my Inclination, and has always been my Study, to preserve the religious and civil Rights of all my Subjects: Let it be your Care to undeceive the Deluded, and to make them sensible of their present Happiness; and the Hazard they run, of being unwarily drawn, by specious Pretences, into their own Destru6lion.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by his Majesty’s Parliament Command, said, W*

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is his Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, That this Parliament be prorogued to Thursday the Twenty-sixth Day of July next, to be then here held: And this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Thursday the Twenty* sixth Day of July next.

Jcvisy 26° die Julii}

Anno 7* Georgii II" Regis, 1733.

TilE House being met, according to the lad Pro- parlinmei rogation; further

AMeffage was brought from the Lords, by Sir Wit- Prorogue Ham Sanderson, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing the Parliament until Tuesday the Ninth Day of October next: And the Parliament vvas accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the Ninth Day of October next.

7 Geo. II. 90 OBobris. — 150 No — 1265

Martis, 90 die OElobris;

Anno 70 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1733.

foment r| 'HE House being met, according to the last Pro-briber 1 rogation;

prort’g0^' A Message was brought from the Lords, by Sir William Sanderson, Deputy Gentleman Uiher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; w here the Commission was read, for the further proroguing the Parliament until Thursday the Fifteenth Day of November next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the Fifteenth Day of November next.

Jovis 150 die Novembris;

Anno 70 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1733.

THE House being met, according to the last Pro- Parliament rogation; further

A Message was brought from the Lords by Sir ProroSue<L William Sanderson, Deputy Gentleman Uiher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers; to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers, where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing the Parliament until Thursday the Seventeenth Day of January, next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the Seventeenth Day of January next.

By the KING.

A PROCLAMATION.

GEORGE It.

Prisma- T WHEREAS our Parliament stands prorogued to

ti» f"r f Thursday the Fifteenth Day of this initant Novem-prlSt. ber We, with the Advice of our Privy Council, do arl hereby publish and declare, that the said Parliament shall be further prorogued on the said Fifteenth Day of this Instant November, to Thursday the Seventeenth Day of January next ensuing; and we have given Order to our Chancellor of Great Britain to prepare a Commission for proroguing the same accordingly. And we do hereby

further declare our Royal Will and Pleasure, That the said Parliament 111 all, on the said Seventeenth Day of January next, be held, and fit, for the Dispatch of divers weighty and important Affairs; and the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens and Burgesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs of the House of Commons, are hereby required to give their Attendance accordingly, at Westminster, 011 the said Seventeenth Day of January next.

Given at our Court at St. James s, the First Day of November 1733, in the Seventh Year of our Reign.

GOD save the K1 x g.

Jovisy 170 die Januarii

Anno 70 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1733.;

ilfiWio A MESSAGE from his Majesty, by Sir Charles j.teJ his il Dalton, Gentleman Uiher of the Black Rod:

Majesty. Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

> Members Several Members, returned upon new Writs, took the , ukeOaths. Oaths, and made and flibscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, pursuant to the Laws made for those Pur poles.

ChnHeftitie A Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine toliawri«. 0 lawries, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

King’s Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended Speech his Majesty, in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty RjwrUi1, was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy: Which he read to the House; and is as followed); vis.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The War which is now begun and carried on against the Emperor, with lb much Vigour, by the United Powers ot France, Spain, and Sardinia, is become the Object Vol 22.

of the Care and Attention of all Europe; and, though I am no ways engaged in it, and have had no Part, except by my good Offices, in those Transactions which have been declared to be the principal CaulesJ and Motives of it, I cannot fit regardless of the present Events; or be unconcerned for the future Consequences of a War, undertaken and supported by lb powerful an Alliance.

If ever any Occasion required more than ordinary Prudence and Circutnfpebtion, the present calls upon us to use our utmost Precaution not to determine too hastily upon so critical and important a Conjuncture; but to consider thoroughly what the Honour and Dignity of my Crown and Kingdoms, the true Interest of my People, and the Engagements we are under to the several Powers we are in Alliance with, may, in Justice and Prudence, require of us.

I have therefore thought it proper to take Time to examine the Fabts alleged on both Sides, and to wait the Ilefult of the Councils of those Powers that are more nearly and immediately interested in the Consequences of the War; and to concert with those Allies w ho are under the same Engagements with me, and have not taken Part in the War, more particularly the States General of the United Provinces, such Measures as shall be thought most advisable for our common Safety, and for restoring the Peace of Europe.

The llesolutions of the British Parliament, in so nice a Juncture, are of too great Moment not to be carefully attended to, and impatiently expected by all, and not leal! by those who will hope to take Advantage from your Determinations, whatever they shall be, and to turn them to the Prejudice of this Kingdom. It mult therefore 3 G be

306 17° Januari'u A. 173 3

be thought most lafe and prudent, thoroughly to weigh and confide* all Circumstances, before we come to a final Determination.

As I shall have, in all iny Considerations upon this great and important Affair, the strictest Regard to the Honour of my Crown, and the Good of my People, and be governed by no other Views, I can make no Doubt but that I may entirely depend on the Support and Assistance of my Parliament, without exposing myself, by any precipitate Declarations, to such Inconveniencies as ought as far as possible, to be avoided.

In the mean time, I am persuaded you will make such Provisions as shall secure my Kingdoms, Rights, and Possessions, from all Dangers and Jnfuits, and maintain the Respect due to the British Nation. Whatever Part it may, in the End, be most reasonable for us to a ft, it will, in all Views, be necessary, when all Europe is preparing for Arms, to put ourselves in a proper Posture of Defence. As this will belt preserve the Peace of the Kingdom, so it will give us a due Weight and Influence in whatever Measures we shall take in Conjunction with our Allies: But should the Defence of the Nation not be sufficiently provided for, it will make us disregarded abroad, and may jn*ove a Temptation and Encouragement to the desperate Views of those who never fail to flatter themselves with the Hopes of great Advantages from publick Troubles 'fcrtd Disorders.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I shall order the Estimates to be laid before you of such Services as require your present and immediate Care. The Augmentation, which will be proposed for the Sea Service, will be very considerable; but, I am confident, it will be thought by you reasonable and necessary: I mult particularly recommend to your Care the Debt of the Navy, which has every Year been laid before you; but, from the present Circumstances of the times, I believe you w ill think it now requires some Provision to be made for it; which cannot well be longer poltponed, without manifest Detriment to the publick Service.

As these extraordinary Charges and Expences are unavoidable, I make no doubt but you will effectually raise the Supplies necessary for defraying of them, with that Readiness and Dispatch, and with, that just Regard to the true Interest of my People, which this Parliament has hitherto shewn upon all Occasions.

My Lords and Gentlemen, h is at all times to be wished, that the Business of Parliament might be carried on free from Heats and Animosities; and with that Temper which becomes the Justice and Wifdoui of the Nation: At this time it is more particularly to be desired, that this Session may not be protracted by unnecessary Delays, when the whole Kingdom seems prepared for the Election of a new Parliament; an Event which employs the Attention of all Europe: And I am very well pleased, that this Opportunity offers, of taking again the Sense of my People in the Choice of a new llepresentative; that the World may fee how much their true Sentiments have been mistaken, or misrepresented: Those who fee and hear only at a Distance may ealily be imposed upon; and from thence conceive false Hopes, or Fears; but, I am confident, a little time will effectually remove all groundless Sunniles; and it will be found, that Great Britain is always ready to act that Part, which the Honour and Interest of the Nation calls upon them to undertake.

Addref> Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his

the King’s Majesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House Speech. for most gracious Speech from the Throne: To acknowledge his Majesty’s Goodness, in the Concern he has been pleased to express upon account of the War unhappily begun in Eu/vpe; and his Majesty’s great Wisdom," in using so much Precaution upon this critical ConiunCture, in waiting the Result of the Councils of those Powers who are more nearly and immediately interested in the Consequences of the War; and in taking time to examine the FaCfcs alleged on both Sides; and to concert 22

with those Allies who are under the same Engagements with his Majesty, and have not taken Part in the War, such Measures as shall be thought most^dvifable for the common Safety, and for restoring the Peace ot Europe:

To declare our unfeigned Confidence in his Majesty, that in fill his Considerations upon this great and important Affair, his Majesty will have the ftri&cft Regard to the Honour and Dignity of his Crown, and Kingdoms, and to the true Interest of his People; and to assure his Majesty, that he may entirely depend upon the Support and Assistance of his faithful Commons, in such Measures as he shall find it necessary to enter into, fol* attaining and securing these great and valuable Purposes; and that this House will make such Provision, for the Safety and Defence of the Nation, as shall secure his Majesty’s Kingdoms, Rights, and Possessions, from all Dangers and Insults; as may preserve the Respect due to the Crown of Great Britain; and riot give any Encouragemerit to the desperate Views of those who never fail to flatter themselves with the Hopes of great Advantages from publick Troubles and Disorders: And to assure his Majesty that this House will immediately take into their Consideration such Estimates and Demands, as shall be made by his Majesty for the Publick Service; and raise the Supplies which shall* be necessary, and answerable, to the present Exigency of Affairs, with their known Zeal and Cheerfulness, and with a due Regard to the true Interest of their Fellow Subjects; and that the Publick Business may be dispatched with all proper Expedition, that we will endeavour to avoid nil Heats and Animosities, and all Occasions that may tend to protrafit the present Session by unnecessary Delays.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to his Majesty, upon the said Hesolution:

And it is referred to Mr. Campbell of Pembr. Mr. Earle, Mr. Fox, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Crosse, Lord Tyrconnel, Sir Win. Stanhope, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. M m. Yonge, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Forbes, Mr. Clutterbudc, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Horatio Walpole, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Edward Walpole,

Lord Wallingford, Mr. Brookfbank, Sir Charles Wager,

Mr. Bankes, Mr. Conduit, Sir Charles Hot ham, Sir James Campbell* Mr. Hercey, Mr. St. Quintin, Mr. PI umpire,

Lord Vere Beauclerk, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Townshend, Sir Edmund Bacon, Lord Gage, Sir Cha. Turner, Major Selwyn, Colonel Corn-xcallis, Mr. Arfcot, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Meadows, Sir JVm. Wyndham, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Barnard; or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Berfc the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Berks, in the room of Sir John Stonhouse Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this ptfefent Parliament for the County of Leicester, in the room of Sir Clobery Noell Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the T. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Durham, in the County Palatine of Durham, in the room of Charles Talbot Esquire, now Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and Lord Talbot, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the s Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Butgefs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of John Knight Esquire, deceased.

Ordered,

7 Geo. II. i 70 — i8° Januariu

367

Wtiow Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the

"nt< Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Portpigham, alias West low, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of John Willes Esquire, who, finee his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Attorney General to his Majesty.

peter. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to borough the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for "nU the electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton, in the room of Sir Charles Counter Nicoll Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath, deceased.

taford Ordered’ That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Seqford, in the County of Su/fex, in the room of Sir Philip York Knight, now Lord Chief Justice of his Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, and Lord Hardwicke, called up to the House of Peers.

Dcwtfln Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the

"rL Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Downeton, in the County of Wilts, in the

room of the honourable John Verney Esquire, who finee his Election for the said Borough hath accepted the Office of Chief Justice of Chester.

S. Jermaiu Writ,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Jermans, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Dudley Rider Esquire, who, finee his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Solicitor General to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the'Clock.

Bmaliton

Writ.

Grand

v etieris, 10 ate januartt;

Anno 70 Georgii IIJi Regis, 1733. Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Berealston, in the County of Devon, in the room of the Right honourable Henry Howard Esquire, commonly called Lord Walden, now Earl of Suffolk, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Religion do Committees, ft every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Grievances do lit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Courts of Justice do (it every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Commits Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges jind Elections wpnviiegts, he app0inted, of Mr. Earle, Mr. Plumptrc, Mr. More, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Lyster, Lord Gage, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Winnington. Mr. Edzcards, Mr. Nel-thorpe, Sir James Grant, Mrr Foley, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Broolcfbank, Sir Geo. Downing Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Leheup, Colonel Howard, Sir Robert Monroe, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Howe, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Tower, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Burton, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Gould, Mr. Bull, Mr. Serjeant Chappell, Colonel Duckett, Mr. Vol. n.

Medlycot, Sir Wifi. Carew, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Tremaine, Sir y

Wm. Courtenay, Colonel Cope, Sir George Cajwall, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Farrington, Sir James Campbell, Mr.

Shut flavor th, Mr. Williams, Sir Jermyn Davers, Mr. Devereux, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Gregory, Mr: Leigh,

Sir Richard Lane, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Tilfon, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Winford, Mr. Shep-heard, Mr. Walcott, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Turner, Sir Geo.

Beaumont, Mr. Walker, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Slope’r, Colonel Read, Mr. Andrews, Mi*. Thonrpfon, Lofd Egmont, Lord Noel Somerset, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Comptroller, Dr.

Clarke, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wm. Ptumer, Sir John Riijhout,

Mr. Pelham, Mr. Bootle, Sir Tho. Rob'nfon, Mr. Shippen,

Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Bond, Mr. Rowney;

Sir James Lowthej', Mr. Ivclfall, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr.

Vincent, Mr. Conduit, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Fox, General Wade, Mr. Lerwcn, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Lewis,

Mr. Danvers, Mr. Jewkes, Mr^ Fitzroy: And they are to meet upon Monday Fortnight, at Five of the Clock, in the Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber; and to fit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon; and all that come are to have Voices: and they dre to^ take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in question touching Returns, Elections* and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns in the First place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions thereupon, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons that will question any Returns are to do it within Fourteen Days next; and lo within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers; ' and Records, for their Information: And all Members who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Election by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in question, touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the time the Matter is in Debate: And that all ~ Members returned upon double Returns, do withdraw, till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right ufuaf to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve Order*, in Parliament.

Resolved, That where the House shall adjudge any Petition, touching Elections, to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath procured himself to be elected, or returned, a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly, or indirectly, hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a hjgh Crime and Misdemeanor, and this House will proceed with the utmoti Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, That any Person hath given false Evidence in any same before this H&ufe, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is an high trfringfcnfent of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of ahy County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed bi

to

2 08

i 8° Januarii.

4- 1733-

Usual

Orders*

!i

to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning, at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House: And that the Serjeant at Anns attending this House do take care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is lilting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and I Vest minster, do take Care, that, from Ten of the Clock in the Morning to Four in the Afternoon, during this Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets, between Temple Bar and Westmimter-hall, shall be kept free and open, and that no Obstruction be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster-hallor the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be lent to the High Bailiff of iVest minster; and that he do fee the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footmen be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Anns attending this House do take care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody, but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered\ That, to prevent the intercepting, or losing, of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Poll-office to this House, or fonie other Person, to be appointed by the Post-inafter General, do, for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, confrantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at least immediately after the Riling of the House; and also on every Friday, Monday. and lVcdncfdayt from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters, and take care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others, bringing Notes undert he Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered, but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be lent to the Post-malter General.

Ordered, That when any Letter, or Packet, directed to this House, ’shall come to Mr. Speaker, lie do open the fame, and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting,

with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeaht at Arms, attending this House do, from time to time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, Printing tht being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do Votes, appoint the Printing thereof; and that no other Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petition for PrivateEiJJs. private Bills after the Second Day of March next.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Tuesday Call of the Sevennight the Twenty-ninth Day of this instant January. House.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending

this House.

Mr. Campbell, of Pembrokeshire, reported from the Address on Committee, appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address the King’s to be presented to His Majesty, That the Committee had sPcech-drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the'

Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vis.

Most gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return your Majesty our humblest Thanks for your most gracious Speech from the Throne.

We are truly fenlible of your Majesty’s Goodnels; and hear with the deepest Sense of Gratitude, the Concern your are pleased to express for the War unhappily begun in Europe; and acknowledge, with the highest Satisfaction, this new Proof your Majesty has given us of your great Wisdom, in waiting, at this nice and critical Juncture, the Result of the Councils of those Powers who are more nearly and immediately interested in the Consequences of this War, before your Majesty makes any final Determination for your own Conduct; not wondering, that the same Prudence and Precaution, the same Concern and Circumspection, that have guided and directed every Step, hitherto taken, in your Majesty’s happy and auspicious Reign, should now induce you to take time to examine the Facts alleged on both Sides, and to concert with those Allies who are under the same Engagements with your Majesty, without having taken Part in the War, particularly the States General of the United Provinces, such Measure as shall be thought most advilabie for the common Safety, and for restoring the Peace of Europe.

That your Majesty, in all your Transactions in this great and important Affair, will have the ftriCleft Regard to the Honour and Dignity of your Crown and Kingdom, and to the true Interest of your People, is what not only your Majesty's Royal Assurances, but our happy Experience of all your Majesty’s past Conduct, and the Prudence of your Councils and Measures on every Occasion, leave us no room to doubt.

And, as we have an entire Confidence in your Majesty’s Judgment to difeern, and Solicitude to procure, the Welfare and Interest of your Subjects; lb your Majesty may depend upon the effectual Support, and ready Assistance, of your faithful Commons, in all such Meallires as your Majesty shall find it necelikry to enter into, for attaining and securing the le great Ends.

And we beg Leave further to afiure your Majesty,

That your Commons will make such Provision for the Safety of your Kingdoms, as the present Situation of

A flairs,

7 Geo. II. 18° — 190

Affairs, and Exigency of the Times, require such.Provisions as ilia.ll effectually secure your Majesty’s Kingdoms, Rights, and Possessions, from all Insultsand Dan* gers; as shall preserve the Respect due to the British Nation Abroad, and guard its Safety at Home, that not the lead Encouragement may be given to the def-perate Views of those who never fail to flatter themselves with Hopes of some Advantages from public Troubles and Disorders, and of molesting the inseparable Interests of your Majesty and your People.

Such Estimates and Demands, as your Majesty shall think fit to lay before your Commons for the publick Service, shall be immediately taken into our Corilifleration; and your Majesty may depend on our known Zeal for raifmgfuchjSupplies as shall be necessary and answerable to the present Circumstances, with our usual Chear-fulness and approved Fidelity, and a due Regard both to the Ease and Interest of our Tellow Subjects. > . 1;

And, that the publick Bufmefsmay bedifpatchedtvjtli all proper Expedition, and the present Session not pro-trafted by any nnnecessary Delays, we will endeavour to avoid all Heats and Animosities, and to proceed with that Unanimity, which the Justice and Prudejnce df your Majesty’s mild and wife Government may expect and claim, and mav give Weight to our Deliberations, and maintain, the Dignity of Parliament.

The said Address being read a second time;

An Amendment as proposed to be made therein, by leaving out the Words " and the Prudence of your u Councils and Measures on every Occasion."

And the Question being put, That those Words stand Part of the said Address;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address so amended,; and the same is as folldweth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament ai-sembled, beg Leave to return your Majesty our humbled Thanks for your most gracious Speech from the Throne: We are truly sensible of your Majesty’s Goodness; and hear, with the deepest Sense of Gratitude, the Concern you are pleased to express for the War unhappily begun in Europe; and acknowledge, with the highest Satisfaction, this new Proof your Majesty has given us of your great Wisdom, in Waiting, at this nice and critical Juncture, the Result of the Councils of those Powers, who are more nearly and immediately interested in the Consequences of this War, before your Majesty makes any final Determination for your own Conduct; not wondering that the same Prudence and Precaution, the same Concern and Circumspection, that have guided and directed every. Step hitherto taken in your Majesty’s happy and auspicious Reign, should now induce you to take Time to examine the Facts alledged on both Sides, and to concert with those Allies, who are under the same Engagements with your Majesty, without having taken Part in the War, particularly the States General of the United Provinces, such Measures as shall be thought most advisable for the common Safety, and for restoring the Peace of Europe.

That your Majesty, in all your Transactions in this great and important Affair, will have the drifted Regard to the Honour and Dignity of your Crown and Kingdom, and to the true Interest of your People, is what not only your Majesty’s Royal Assurances, but our happy Experience of all your Majesty’s pad C011-dust, leave us no room to doubt.

And, as we have an irltire Confidence in your Majesty's Judgment to difeern, and Solicitude to procure, the Welfare and Interest of your Subjects; so your Majesty may depend upon the effectual Support, and ready Assistance, of your faithful Commons, in all such Measures, as your Majesty shall find it necessary to enter into, for attaining and securing these great Ends.

Vo L. 22.

209

And we beg Leave further to assure your Majesty, That your Commons will make such Provision for the Safety of your Kingdoms, as the present Situation of Affairs, and Exigency of the Times, require; such Provisions as shall effectually secure your Majesty’s Kingdoms, Rights, ami Possessions, from all Insults and Dangers; as shall preserve the respect due to the British ~ Nation Abroad, and guard its Safety at Home, that not the lead Encouragement may be given to the delperato Views of those, who never fail to flatter themselves with Hopes of some Advantages from public Troubles and Disorders, and of molesting the inseparable Interests of your Majesty and your People.

Such Estimates and Demands as your Majesty shall think fit to Jay.hefqre your Commons, for the publick Service, shall be immediately taken into onr Cqnsideration; and your Majesty may depend on our known Zeal Tor railing such Supplies as shall be necessary and hnfwerable to the present Circumstances, with our usual Chearfulness and approved Fidelity, and a due Regard both tQ the Ease and Interest of] our Fellow Subjects.

And that the pubjic Business maybe dispatched >vitli all proper Expedition, and thetpresent Session not pro-trafted by any unnecessary Delays, we wijl endeavour to avoid all Heats and Animosities, and to proceed with that Unanimity, which the Justice and Prudence of your Majesty’s mild and wife Government may expect and claim, and give Weight to our Deliberations, and maintain the Dignity of Parliament.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know his Majesty’s Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, Nine of the Clock,

3«

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- The King's ing, take into Consideration his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to be Speech to both Houses of Parliament. confident.

... ' r And then the House adjourned/till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 190 die Januarii'y Anno 70 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1733.

Pa

AY ERS.

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, That his The King Majesty, having been waited upon, pursuant to aPP0,nts to the Order of Yesterday, hyimbjy to know when lie be attende would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, at his Palace of St. James.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take The King's into Consideration his Majesty’s most gracious Speech Speech to both Houses of Parliament. . — r'l~J

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, 'That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

cctifidered.

Supply.

Januarii.

210

22° — 2 3° Jamarii. 1733.

Prohibits! Kali India Goods.

Buttner’s, &c. Nat.

Sutherland

Writ.

Answer to Address.

Supply.

Mart is, 2 2° die yanuarii;

Anno 7* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1733. Prayers.

THE Houfo being informed, that some of the Commissioners of the Customs attended at the Door; They were (’ailed in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in the Warehouses, at St. I I die ns, at Michaelmas 1732; with what has been brought in Since that time; what exported; as also, what remained at Michaelmas 1733: And also.

An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in the Warehouses at Leadenhdtl, at Michaelmas 1732; with what has been brought in since that Time; what exported; as also, what remained at Michaelmas 1733: And also,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in his Majesty’s Warehouse at the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1732; with what has been brought in since that Time; what exported; as also, what regained at Michaelmas 1733: And also,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in the respective Warehouses in the Out Ports, at Michaelmas 1732; with what has been brought in since that Time; what exported; as also, what remained at Michaelmas 1733: And also.

An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Port of* London, from Michaelmas 1732 to Michaelmas 1733: And also,

1 An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Ports commonly called the Out Ports, from Michaelmas 1732 to Michaelmas 1733.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A. Petition of John Matthew Buttner and John Lewis Kraguelius was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners were born out of his Majesty’s Allegiance; but have always professed the Protestant Religion; and given goodTeftimony of their Loyalty to his Majesty: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Crqje and Mr. Lehcup do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Sutherland, in the room of the honourable William Sutherland Esquire, now Earl of Sutherland, a Peer of Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House attended his Majesty, on Saturday last, with their Address: To which his Majesty. was pleased to give this most gracious Answer; viz.

Gentlemeh,

I return you my Thanks for this very dutiful, affectionate, and loyal Address, and for the Confidence you repose in me; which, you may be assured, shall always be employed for the Honour of my Crown, and the true Interest of my People.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made on Saturday last. That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrow1 Morning.

Complaint being made to the House, That William Privilege, Philips, Attorney at Law, and Edward Barnes, Clerk to the said William Philips, who, in the last Session of Parliament, on the Thirteenth Day of June, were ordered to be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for a Breach of the Privilege of this House, committed against Sir John Rufhout Baronet, a Member of this House, had not been taken into Custody.

The Orders made in the last Session of Parliament, for taking the said Persons into Custody, were read:

And the Serjeant at Arms having been called upon, to inform the House what he had done in pursuance of the Orders, made in the last Session, for taking the said Persons into Custody, acquainted the House, That the said Orders being made on the last Day of the last Session, the said Persons could not be taken into Custody, because of the immediate Prorogation of the Parliament:

And the Journal of the House, of the Fourth Day of April, in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, in relation to the Proceedings of the House upon the Petition of Samuel Powell Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending this House; and the Standing Order of the House made thereupon, relating to Persons committed by this House, and absconding from Justice, or refuting to pay their just Fees; was also read.

Ordered, That the said William Philips, having, ok the Thirteenth Day of June last, been ordered into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for a Breach of the Privilege of this House, committed by him, and, by means of a Prorogation of the Parliament, could not, by virtue of that Order, be taken into Custody, be now taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for the said Breach of Privilege.

Ordered, That the said Edward Barnes, having, on the Thirteenth Day of June last, been ordered into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for a Breach of the Privilege of this House, committed by him, and, by means of a Prorogation of the Parliament, could not, by virtue of that Order, be taken into Custody, be now taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for the said Breach of Privilege.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Warwick the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ, electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Warwick, in the room of William Peyto Esquire, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 230 die yanuarii;

Anno 70 Georgii II4! Regis, 1733.

Praters.

A Petition of the Proyoft, Magistrates, and Council, Moutr jlV of the Town of Montrose, in behalf of themselves, ImPro and the Community of the said Town, was presented to ment* the House, and read; setting forth, That, by an Act 2 made

2 I I

7 Geo. II. 230 Januarii.

made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Ma- Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this jesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for laying House, an Account of what Arrears of LandTaxes were a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Handing out at Christmas last; with the Names of the Peny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer that respective Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears shall be vended or sold within the Town of Montrose, and remained; distingui filing each Year; and what Proceed-Privileges thereof, for suppJying the said Town with fresh ings have been had to compel the Payment thereof. Water; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; the Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this

Imposition or Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth House, an Account of what Arrears of Duties upon Part of a Peny Sterling? over and above the Duty of Houses were statiding out at Christmas last; with the Excise paid, or payable, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Names of the respective Receivers in whose Hands the Successors, was laid upon evfcry Scots Pint of Ale and said Arrears remained; dist each Year; and Beer that should be for Sale, either breWed, brought in, what Proceedings have been had to compel the Pay-: vended, tapped, or fold, within the said Town, and Pri- ment thereof, vileges thereof, payable from and after the Twenty- '

fourth Day of June 1720, for the Term of Five-and- Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this twenty Years, and to the End of the then next Session of House, an Account of the Number of Seamen employed Parliament; and that the said Imposition or Duty was, by in the Service of the Royal Navy; frdm the 3iftof De-the said Act, made payable to the Magistrates and Town cember k 7 20 to the g ift of December 1733, upon a Me-Council of the said Town of Montrose, and their Sue- diuni of each Year; distinguishmgi what Numbers were cessors io Office, for the Time being, and their Collectors borne, and what muttered, in1 the said Service; and the and Assignsi, for the Use of the Community thereof; and Saving or Exceeding arising each Year, by a letter or that the Provost and Bailiffs of the said Town of Mont- greater Number of Men having been employed^ ihan rose, and Town Council of the fame, and their Successors, were provided for by Parliament, were thereby appointed Trustees for supplying the said

Town with fresh Water; and for ordering and directing Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported the Improvement and Preservation of the Harbour of the from the Committee of the whole House,' to whom it said Town; and for the Building a convenient Dock; was referred to consider of the Motion for a Supply to* and for the maintaining and preserving other publick be granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they Works of the said Town; and for paying the publick had directed him to report to the House; and he read Debts thereof; subject to the Directions in the said Act the same in his Place; and afterwiards delivered it in at mentioned; but that the Money arising by the said Jm- the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read; and is as* position will not be sufficient to maintain and preserve felToiveth; viz.

the publick Works; and that, consequently, no Part Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, thereof can be applied to the Discharge of the publick: That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Debts of the said Town; and that the Building of a new The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Pier on the East Side of the said Harbour is necessary, Resolved, nemine contradicente. That the House doth

for the Preservation of Ships and Vessels; which cannot agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That be effected, nor can the Streets of the said Town, which a Supply be granted to his Majesty. arein a bad Condition, be repaired, unless the Term and Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-Powers granted by the said Act be enlarged: And there- ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole fore praying the House to take the Premises into Coti-, House, to consider of the Supply granted to his ftla-sideration, and to grant a Continuance of the said Im- jesty. position, for such a further Tern^ of Years as the

House shall think reasonable. Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Navy, for the Year 1734, with the Half-pay of the

Consideration of a Committee; and that they do exa- Officers of the Navy and Marines, be laid before this

mine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it House.

shall appear to them, to the House; Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards,

And it is referred to Colonel Myddleton, Sir James Garrisons, and Land Forces, for the Year 1734, be laid Campbell, Sir James Grant, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Winning- before this House.

ion, Mr. Longueville, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the f Ingram, Mr. Scot, Mr. Earle, Mr. Kelfal, Colonel Lyd- Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year

I (fall, Mr. Conduit, Colonel llandafyde, Mr. Crisp, Mr. 1734> be laid before this House.

[ Lehettp, Mr. Campbell, of Penibr. Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant

| Crqfle, Sir Robert Monroe, Major Selwyn, Mr. Walker, Officers, who were to be in Half-pay for the Year 17 34,

I Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Bacon, Lord Morpeth, Mr. be laid before this House.

I Rigby, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Ordered, That an Estimate be laid before this House,

I Wortley, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr, Scawen, Sir Wm. of the Charge of the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hof-

I Courtenay, Mr. Lyfter} Mr. Tilfon, Sir IVm. Clayton, pital for the Year 1734.

I Captain Vernon, Lord Coleraine; and all the Members Ordered, That a State of the Debt of his Majesty* s

I that serve for North Britain: And they are to meet Navy, as it flood at Christmas last, be laid before this

I this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s House.

I Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House,

I Papers, and Records. shewing the Monies arisen within the respective Half-

I years, ending at Lady-day and Michaelmas last past, as

I Bottnei'i, Mr. Crosse presented to the House, according to well of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund, com-

I Jtc.Nat. Order, a Bill to naturalize John Matthew Buttner and monly called the Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Ex-

I John Lads Kraguelius: And the same was received; cess or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the South

I and read the First time. Sea Fund; as also of or for the Excess or Surplus of

I Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. the Fund, commonly called the General Fund.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this

I, Dr.Felton Order'd, That the Reverend Doctor Felton, Principal House, shewing how the Money, given for the Service I 0 Edmund-Hall, in the University of Oxford, be de- of the Year 1733, hath been disposed of, distinguished

I fired to preach before this House, at St. Margaret's under the several Heads.

Westminster, upon this Day Sevennight, being the Thir- Ordered, That an Account of the Services incurred,

vk tieth Day of this instant January: And that Mr. and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before thip

I % Winningtm and Mr. Kelfall do acquaint him therewith* House.

I Vo 1.. 24. Resolved,

Accounts

ordered.

Seamen em^ ployed.

Supply.

Navy and Army Elli-mates, &c.

112

230 — 2 4° — 15 ° Januarii.A. 1733.

♦i* A ;Jiefi)lved, That an humble Address be:presented to ‘ his Majesty, ’That he will be graciously pleased to give Bire&ions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House :lhe said Estimates, Lift, State, and Accounts. , I Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Greenwich Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Hospital. House, an Account, shewing how the Money, granted lafLSession of Parliament, for Greenwich Hospital, has beeftdi&ofed of /

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, a State of the yearly Revenue, and Expence, of Greenwich Hospital.

Ordered, That the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital dolay before thisi House, ari Account of what Money has been received by him oh Account of the said Hospital from Ghriftmas z>7g2 to CJir.iftmas 1733; and how the Tan^ hasi-bieerl apfdifed;.;: *r

' i' l -i V.

'Navy Ser- Ordered,.That. the Treasurer of the Navy do lay be-

vices. fore this Floufe, an Account of what Money has been ordered by the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, and received by him, for any Services of the Navy, from the December 1732 to the 3iftof December 1733; distinguishing the Times when the same was received; and the Services to which it was> applied.

Treaty with the Emperor.

Papers respecting the Treaty of Seville.

.Rqfolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Direction, That a Copy of the Treaty between his Majesty and the Emperor, concluded atVienna, in the Year 1731; with the secret and separate Articles, anti the States General's Act of Concurrence, to the fahae; be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the Taid Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his; Majesty’s mofl honourable Privy Council,

A Motion being made, gnd the Question being put,; That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Direction, That the Letters and Inst ruftionsfent to his Majesty’s Ministers at the Courts of France and Spain, relating to the Execution of the Treaty of Seville, belaid before this House;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Toilers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative

] 104. Lifter: }

Wilmington, 7

St. Quintin: y *95*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 40 die Januarii;

Anno 7° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1733. Prayers.

cfOHN Matthew Buttner and John Lewis Kraguelius Ji took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Condition Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this of the Fleet. House, an Account of the Condition of the Fleet, as it flood in the Year 1721; distjnguishing what Ships were in good Repair; what wanted a middle Repair; and what wanted a thorough Repair, or Rebuilding; with the fame, as it now (lands.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Stores. House, an Account of the.Quantity of Naval Stores, from the monthly Returns of the several Species, as it

flood at Michaelmas 1721, 1727; and 1733; distiir gqifliing each Period of Time.:

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this, Half-pay House a List of the Sea Officers upon Half-pay; with* LllL an Account of what the same amounted to, for Three Years last past; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer da lay before this Lift of Cap-House, a List of Captains, Matters, and Commanders, tains» &c* and Lieutenants, of his Majesty’s Ships of War,* made' from June 1720; difliuguishing the Times when they were appointed, by whom made, apd w here.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Retired House, an Account of such Officers as, from the Year Officers. 1720, b^ve defirndrleay# ta quit the Sea Service, after they were appointed to their Fefpe6t>ve\.Shipsfetting forth the Time each Officer feryed of board; the Ship he quitted; and where he quitted.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Old Naval House, an Account of old Naval Stores, and damaged Slores* Provisijons, fold, from Michaelmas 1720 to Michaelmas 1.733 j distinguishing each Year; and flie\ying how the same have been applied, and by what Authority.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ittue his Warrant to Kingston the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess.to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Kingston upon Hull, in the room of the Right honourable Joseph Lord Viscount Mickltr thivait, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow v; Morning, Nine of the Clock.

i o '________

*f Veneris, 250 die Jantiarii; '*

Anno 70 Georgii IIdI Regis, , 1733.

Prate u s.

f\RDERED,‘That Leave.be given to bring in a'bill, Hedges ad- to explain, and make more effectiial, the Lavvs in Jacei,t to being to oblige the Possessors of Lands adjacent to , ilfi common Highways Yo cut, and keep low, such Hedges as are adjoining to t¥ie said Highways: And that MK iGybbon, Mr. Folk ill, and Mr. Sandy s, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente. That Leave be given Preventing to bring in a Bill to prevent the infamous Practice of Stock-jobbing: And that Sir John Rushout, Sir Wm. ing’ Wyndham, and Sir William Yorge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Members amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Qual, ti‘

7 CilLlllR

Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the farther qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons: And that Mr. Rolle and Mr. Pulteney do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Answer to Address of the 23d Day of this instant January, That Addiefe* his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Direction, That a Copy of the Treaty between his Majesty, and the Emperor, concluded at Vienna, in the Year 1731; with the secret and separate Articles, and the State? General's Act of Concurrence, to the fameg> might be laid before this House; had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty^had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Direction,

That a Copy of the said Treaty; with the separate Articles, and the States General’s Act of Concurrence, to the fame; be laid before this House.

Mr. Comptroller also reported to the House, That their Ditto. Address, of the same Day, That his Majesty would be

graciously

0

7 Geo. II. 2 5 ° — 2 8v. Januarii. 213

graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House the several Estimates, Lift, State, and Accounts therein mentioned, had been presented to his Majesty; and that1 his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions to the proper Officers to lay the same before this House.

Instru&ons A Motion being made, and the Question being put, toMmifter That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, m oan . Tjlat wj|j graciously pleased to give Direction, That the several Ioflructions to Mr. Woodivardy his Majesty’s Minister in Poland in the Year 1729, be laid before this House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, £ JJj; } 1 *4-

TeHers for the Noes, £ } 2°2'

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put* That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to communicate to this House, how far he has been engaged, by his good Offices, in those Transactions which have been declared to be the principal Causes and Motives of the War, which is now begun, and carried on, against the Em-I peror, with so much Vigour, by the united Powers of

1 France, Spain, and Sardinia;

It passed in the Negative.

Ditto. A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to communicate to this House, what Applications have been made to him by the several Parties now engaged in the War, founded upon Treaties, or other Engagements;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

XeMersfor theYea,}!^ }

Tell. for the Noes, { Mr"'bJiijbtnk} '95-

So it passed in the Negative.

Complaint being made to the House, That John privilege. Spry, Bailiff, hath arrested Thomas Stanbury, a menial Servant to Sir William Courtenay Baronet, a Member of this House, in an Action of Debt, at the Suit of Samuel Cook, an Attorney, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 28° die Januarii;

Anno 7° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1733.

P RA YEltS.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Frecker, Djr ofltioil from the Treasury, attended at the Door; 0t'Grants.*

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1733 hath been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads, until the 28th Day of Jamu ary 1733; and lhe Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied; with the Deficiency thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

ri

31

As

GoogU

An ACCOU NT, {hewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1733 hath been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads; until the 28th Day of January 1733;

and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied; with the Deficiency thereupon.

Navy.

Ordnauce.

GRANTS.

f For Victuals, Wages, and Wear and Tear, of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 8,000 Men, for 13 Month*,) For the Ordinary of the Navy; and for Half-pay to Sea Officers -

( For Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of the Nary, Anno 1733 .....- -

Forces.

Deficiencies.

D

(Q

n'

CD

CL

CT

f For Ordnance, Sea Service....

i For - Ditto - Land Service ——

I For extraordinary Expences for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament -

IFor defraying the Charge of 17,709 Men, for Guards, ‘Garrisons, and Land Forces, Anno 1733....

For maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, Anno 1733 -

Upon Account of Out-pensioners of Chelfa Hospital, Anno 1733 -

For defraying the several extraordinary Expences and Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament Upon Account of Half-pay to reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, Anno 1733 -

For Pensions to Widows of such reduced Officers of Land Forces and Marines as died upon the Establishment of Half-pay, and who were married to them before Christmas 1716, for the Year 1733 ——

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, Anno 1731, at Lady-day 1733 ——

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, Anno 1731* at Michaelmas 1733 -

To make good the Deficiency of the General Fund at Michaelmas 1732 -

To make good the Deficiency of the Grants, Anno 1732,

To the Navy ——

To the Ordnance ——

To the General Fund, at Michaelmas 1731 ——

53*»57 4 >>1 96,891 17 3

41,346 1 lj

£ 1. d.

395,200 — -

211,495 19 8

104,003 — —

20,800 —

77,806 11 3

>.374 6 1

651,484 17 ii

>64.835 8 if

25,128 15 5

7.256 F 2

55.7>7 5 —

S.170 — —

110.774 14 lj

54.805 12 lof

43.274 >9 9

121,395 3 4

a

o

eg.

FT

Towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements belonging to the Royal African Company of England, on the Coast of Africa To the Trustees of Wm. Strode, an Infant, in full Satisfaction of all their Demands, for certain Lands and Buildings thereon, called the Lambhay, in or near Plymouth in the County of Devon, and now in PofiTeflion of the Crown -

Towards the Support of Greenwich Hospital ——

£ d

710,698 19 8 99,98o 17 4

Sums paid.

550,698 19 8

69,980 17 4

Remains to be paid.

160,000-----

30,000 — —

907»592 13 to

330,250 10 if

10.000 -

6,784-----

10.000 — —

2,075,307 — nf

894,870 9 7* 110,774 14 if 54,805 12 10 j

53,157 4 Hi 26,891 17 3

10,000 — —

10,000-----

1,781,179 15 10

O

jj-

A

The Ways and Means towards supplying the said Services.

750.000 ----- By the Malt Duty, Anno 1733.

500.000 ----- By the Land Tax, Anno 1733.

500.000 ----- By the Sinking Fund.

33,143 6 if By A rrears of former Land Taxes.

4,820 9 9 By Arrears of the Malt Duty, Anno 1731.

L787,963 J5 W

287,343 5 1 Deficiency of Ways and Means, Anno 1733.

£‘ 2,°75,3°7 ~ nf

Residue of Ways and Means undisposed.

On Malt Duty, Anno 1733 -

On Land Tax, Anno 1733 -

Deficiency of Ways and Means, Anno 1733

3,152 17 3,631 2

12,722 4 21

43,274 19 9 41,346 1 if

6,784-----

294,127 5 1

6,784-----

287,343 5 1

M. Frecker.

28th January 1733.

28° Januarii. 17 3 3

7 Geo. II. 28° Januarii. 215

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the An Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy for the Year Ordinary Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. 1734; with the Half pay of the Officers of the Navy. the

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

Debt. Sir Charles Wager, from the Commissioners for The Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great flood on the 31st of December, 1733, is as follows; viz.

Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it stood on the 31st of December 1733: Andalfo,

Navy Office, }

16 January 1733. 5 As ESTIMATE of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter

mentioned, as it stood on the 31st December 1733.

HEADS or thi NAVAL ESTIMATES.

Particulara

TOTAL.

Wear and Tear, ordinary and extraordinary Repairs:

Due, to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, &c. supplied for the Service thereof -To pay off and discharge all the Bills, registered on the said Course, for Premiums allowed by Act of Parliament on Naval Stores -

For Freight of Tenders, and for Stores delivered into his Majesty’s several Yards, kc. for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1733; as also to several Bills of Exchange -

To his Majesty’s Yards, and Rope-yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary thereof -

For Half-pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment, made by his late Majesty in Council, on that behalf -

Seamens Wages:

Due, to pay the Men unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off To Ships in Sea Pay on the abovesaid 31st December 1733 To discharge and pay off all the Bills, entered in Course for Pilotage, Surgeons Necessaries, Bounties to Widows and Orphans of Men flain at Sea -

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for short Allowance to the Companies of his Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off For paying off all the Bills, entered in their Course For necessary Money, extra-necessary Money, and Contingencies -

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports -

Sick and Hurt, the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for the Quarters and Cure of sick and hurt Seamen, sent ashore from his Majesty’s Fleet, and Contingencies relating to the said Service -

The Total amounts to the Sum of Two Million Twenty thousand One hundred and Seventy-five Pounds Eighteen Shillings and One Peny Farthing -

From whence, deducting the Money in the Treasurer’s Hands, as on the other Side....

£. s. d. 898,3*0-----

56,811-----

20,851-----

i75>5g4 17 2 19,576 8 —

5,924 10 4$

*32>643 -

I- s. d.

) V7M63 5

i 241,088 10 4A

2,521-----

15*665 13 — 576,726 19 5i

323 17 11 9>89* 4 4

) 602,607 14 8}

The net Debt will be One Million Eight hundred seventy-three} thousand Nine hundred and Fifty-one Pounds Five Shillings and > Five Pence ----- J

Ja. Mighel£

Ja. Acworthy Tho. Pearfe,

Geo. Sounder

5>3l6 7 10

2,020,175 18 if 146,224 12 21

£ *>873,95« 5 5

J. Fowler,

Ro. Byng,

VereBeauclerk.

Vo l.22.

Memorandum:

Memorandum: - - - In the late and present Treasurers of the Navy’s Hands, on the 31st December 1733, in Money, as under mentioned, and may be reckoned

towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy;

In what Treasurer's Hands. In Money. On the Heads of Remains, on the Head of Wages, to be applied as the Service shall want it. TOTAL.

Wear and Tear; and Ordinary. Seamens Wages. Victuals.

Trustees for Mr. Hampden's Estate In Money . So 1 1 £ s. d. 25,251 13 i\ £ * d-629 9 6 *0* 1 1 £ Sm dm 45,881 2 8}

Right Honourable Pattee Lord Viscount 7 Tor ring ton ----- 3 In Money - 13,189 18 6$ 28,077 1 3J 6,373 3 9 70,415 3 3*‘

D° towards the Debt of sick,) and hurt Seamen - -,) - 2,288 3 - - , 120,343 9 ill

£ 13,189 18 6| 55,616 17 7i 7,00213 3 70>4t5 3 3^ 146,224 12 8|

N, B. Received short of the Supplies, Anno 1733

£. 160,000.

3

ft

3!5 a8° Januariu A* 733-

Ordnance

Estimate.

7 Geo. II.

28® Januarii.

217

The If imft'e of the Ordinary of the Nary for the Year is bound up with the other Papers of this Session* 1/34# the Halt-pay of the Officers of the Navy, Abstract thereof is as follows; viz*

The

i.

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10.

11.

12. 13-14.

15-

16.

Yards.

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1734.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High} Admiral of Great Britain, &c. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries, Officers, £ Clerks, anti Instruments and Contingencies relating thereto Superannuated Sea Officers -

Pensions, and other Allowances - - - r

I Chatham ——

Deptford -

Ifuohiich ——

Portsmouth -

Shecme/s ——

Plymouth ——

Muster-masters, and other Officers of the Out Ports -

W ages to Ships and Vessels in ordinary -

Victuals to the Officers and Men serving therein -

Charge of the Harbour Moorings -

Ordinary Repairs of his Majesty s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, Store-

hotifes, $\C. -.....-

Ordinary Ch »rge of Tick and hurt Seamen -

Half-pay to Sea Officers -

<£* s. d. 28,062 14 1

8,oi 6 9 8

*7#583 11 8

2,g22 9 7

30,269 15 g 13,030 10 — 17,357 " —

59,289-----

1,068 15 — 25,000-----

202,670 5 9

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1734 To which may be added,

For defraying the Expence of maintaining, in the Royal Hospital of Greemcich, an additionalj Number of disabled Seamen taken, and to be taken, into it, who are worn out, and become I

decrepit, in the Sen ice of their Country, there being now Nine hundred poor Seamen main- V 10,000 -

tamed in the said Hospital; and olio for a sufficient Number of Nurses, beiner the Widows of /

Officers, and poor Seamen; and for carrying on the Buildings, and other Incidents of the said I

Hospital; for the Year 1734; Ten thousand Pounds ----- J ——

£.212,670 5 g

And then the Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1734* amounts to Two hundred and twelve thousand Six hundred and Seventy Pounds Five Shillings and Nine Pence.

Ja OSPghell, Ja. Acworth, Thomas Pearfc, Geo. Saunders, /. Fcrwler.

Ordered, That the said Estimate* do lie upon the Table, Addrefe to his Majesty, an Estimate of the Charge of the to be perused by the Members of the House. Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1734.

And the Title thereof was read.

Mr. Smelt presented to the House, pursuant to their The said Estimate is as follows; viz.

An E S TI M A T E of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1734,

LAND SERVICE.

Ordinary of the Office, comprising Repairs of Store-houses, Bar- JO.

racks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, Rent3, Salaries, and other incident Charges - 38,835

Establishments at Mahon, Gibraltar, Annapolis, Placentia, and

North Britain.....- 9*962

Half-pay of the Officers that have served well in the Trains of

s.

7

3

d.

6

9

Artillery in Flanders, Spain, and on several Expeditions

EXTRAORDINARIES.

Towards carrying on the Fortifications, and JO. s.

supplying of Stores, at Gibraltar - 5,000 —

Towards building Barracks for one Battalion

490 15 —

49,288 6 3

there

5,oooo —

Towards carrying on the Fortifications, Repairs^ f

of Storchouses, and supplying of Stores a £ Placaitia

10,000-----

5,000-----

700-----

300-----

The Pay of an Engineer sent to the Bahama Islands, pursuant to his Majesty’s Order in Council, dated 2d August 1^33 -

Towards rebuilding and repairing the Fortifications at Sheerness Towards building and repairing the Fortifications, and a new Powder Magazine, at Portsmouth -

Towards building and finishing the new* Fortifications, and Barracks of Fort Augustus and Fort George, in the Highlands of Scotland -To rebuild the Gun Wharf at Woolwich -

One hundred Tons of Saltpetre -

Exceedings; for which no Allowance hath been made by Parliament; Bedding sent to Gibraltar by King’s Warrant the 24th April 1733

16.000 -

411 4 —

3.000 -

5.000 -

4.000 — —

3.000 -

4,500 -

JO. s. d.

85,199 3

1,614 7 6

C 86,813 17 9

Cha. Wills, John Aimstrong, Geo. Gregory.

Vo l. 22. 3K

' L. Smelt,

W. R. Earle.

Ordered,

ai'8 2 8 — 2 o° Januariu . 173 3.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Banner’s, A Bill to naturalize John Matthav Buttner and John &c. Nat. Lewis Kraguelius, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. CroJJe, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Wyndham, Sir James Campbell, Mr. More, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Hucks, Sir James Grant, Mr-Crisp, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Woollaston, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Campbell, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Bramston, Captain Vernon, Mr. Lister, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Martin, Mr. Vincent, Sir Richard Lane, Sir John Bruce, Mr. Cunning ham, Mr. Allington, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Thompson, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Clutterbuck, Sir James Najmyth, Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Smelt, Mr. Cartwright; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sappty. The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Tamer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this Houfo will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Houfo, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mortis., 2 90 die Januarii; Anrto 7* Georgii II. Regis, 1733.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Arnold, from the Secretary at War’s Office, attended at the I Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

An Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty s Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1734: And also,

An Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1734- And also,

An Estimate of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital for the Year 1734.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as follows; viz.

j

ESTIMATE

7 Geo. II.

290 Januarii.

219

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Guards Garrisons* and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1734.

Hce -

Dragoons

Foot

Invalids -

"First Troop of Guards - i

Second ditto - -

Third ditto - -

Fourth ditto - -

First Troop of Grenadier Guards

Second ditto....

Royal Regiment of Guards Lord Pembroke's Regiment -

Lieutenant General Evans's Lieutenant General Wade's -

Royal Regiment -

Colonel Campbell's -

Major General Honyrvood's Earl of Stair's - -

\ Brigadier Kerrs -Lieutenant General Evans's Brigadier Churchill's- -

Lord Mark Kerrs -

First Regiment of Guards -

Second ditto - -

Third ditto -

Lieutenant General Tattoris Regiment Lord Cadogan's -Colonel Montagus -Lieutenant General Whetham's -Colonel Middleton's -Colonel Harrison's -Colonel Handafyd's -Lieutenant General Sabine's

{Brigadier Fielding's Regiment -25 Independent Companies

Independent fSix Independent Companies in North Companies, ( Britain - -

StafrOfEcers)0,tass.<Officerf1 " ‘ ,

&c jGarrdons with Fire and Candle -

(Contingencies, upon Account

NUMBERS.

181

181 -

l8l - -

181 -

176 -

77 -

337

3i9 -

214 -

214 O 1^1

JylVl

369 +

369 -

369

369 -

369 -

369 -

369 -

369 2,952

2,005 -

1,288 f.

1,288

705 -

705 -

705 -

705 -

705

705 -

705 "

705 10,221

515 -

1,300 1,815

555

i7,74 *. J

Whitehall, 29th January 1731

Pay of the Troops and Reginentt, for 365 Days

16,54(3

16.546 6,546

16.546

0,743

10,870

26,876

26,054

17.696

17.696

s.

3

3

3

3

3

18

3

18

8

8

7,413

17.413 7,*13

17.413 7,413 7,4i3

17.413

»7,4i3

51,151

33,208

33,263

13.879

13.879

13.879

13.879

13.879

3,879

13.879

13.879

14

18

13

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

9>9°6

22,584

TOTAL.

10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10

14 2 7 6

10,880 19 2

35,851 17 li

15,000-----

Total

£. s. <L

176,12413 4

39,3o8 6 8

228,657 5 id

32,49* 1 9»i »5

17 6

61,732 6 3f

647,429 11 si

JVm. Strickland.

' Vo t.

ESTIMATE

290 Janu

A. 1733-

a zo

ESTIMATE of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar,

for the Year 1734.

In the PLANTATIONS.

Brigadier Jones s Regiment - -

Colonel Philips's -

Four Independent Companies at New York One Company at Bermudas -

Two Companies at Jamaica -

One Company in the Bland of Providence -One Company at Carolina - -

Garrisons at Annapolis Boyd, Canso, and Placentia

In MINORCA.

Colonel Kanes Regiment -

Sir Charles Hothams r -

Brigadier Tyrrell's 7 -

Brigadier Barrett's 7 -

Officers of the Garrison, £$c.

la GIBRALTAR. Brigadier Kirk's Regiment Lord Tyrawleys -

Major General Groves's -Brigadier Clayton's -Colonel Anstruther's -Colonel Read's - - ,

Officers of die Garrison, -

NUMBERS.

395

394

445

57

224

150

115

615 615 615 615

615

615

615

6*5

615

615

1,780

2,460

3,690

7,930

Provisions for Colonel Philips's Regiment in Garrison at Annapolis Royal, Canso, and Placentia, dedu&ipg 4 d.per Diem, out of the Subsistence of each Non^commission Officer and private Man, towards that Expence; Remains to he borne by the Government;

Provisions for the fever*l Regiments at Gibraltar -

Pay ofttro Regiments, for 365 Days.

£. s.

9>775 4

9.830 13 4 7,141 16 8

1,003 15 — 3.653 — »o 2,466 15 1® 3,071 7 6

12.784 2 6

12.784 2 6

12.784 2 6

12.784 2 6

12.784 12,948

12.784

12.784

12.784

12.784

1,558 17 23,000 —

jVhitehall, 29th January 173$

Win. Strickland.

Total - -

TOTAL:

36,943

3,539

6

8

51,136 10 — 6,200 8 9

76,869-----

3,749 12 31

26,558 17 1

203,996 17 31

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Oet-pensioners of Hospital, for the Year 1734.

I '

3,838 Ovt-penfiqners Handing at-pndent upon the Books of the Hospital, at id- per Diem each - - - '

100 Letter-men at 11 d. per Jliem each -

4Q-Serjeant at &/£ per Diem each -

From which deduct,

Per Diem. For 365 Days.

£. s. d. £. s. d.

79 '9 2 29,184 15 10

5 1,825

1 10 — 547 10 —

1 01 0\ <0 00 31,557 5 10

The Sum of Six thousand Five hundred Pounds, which, by Estimation, may be applicable towards defraying this Expence, out of the Poundage of the Forces, for the Year 1734

'6,500-----

Remains to be granted, upon Account, for the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the' Year 1734 - ....

25,057 5 10

Whitehall, 29th

SSSSSSSm SBS JBaan«g

TVm. Strickland.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, That Mr. Corbet, Secretary of Greenwich Hospital, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account, how the Money granted last Session of Parliament, for Greenwich Hospital, has been disposed of:.And also

A State of the yearly Revenue and Expence of Greenwich Hospital.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Account and State were read.

The said Account and State are as follows; viz.

A

22 I

7 Geo. II.

Januarii.

An A C COUNT, how the Money granted last Session of Parliament, for Greenwich Hospital, has been disposed of; prepared in pursuance of an Order of the honourable House of Commons, of the 23d Instant.

In maintaining 450 additional disabled Seamen, with 27 Nurses, being Widows of Sea Officers, £. s. d. or poor Seamen, and also an additional Captain and Lieutenant, between the ift January 1732, and 31st December 1733 - - - ..... 8,097 14 8

There has been expended this Year, in carrying on the Building of Queen Anne's Court, and other Parts of the Fabrick - -- -- ..... 187 4 7!

There was expended in the Year 1732, in carrying on the Building of Queen Anne's Court, and other Parts of the Fabrick, about £. 1,500; towards the Payment of which, there was taken out of the £, 10,000 of that Year, the Sum of £. 938. 19.?. 8d.; so there remained to be taken out of the £, 10,000 of the lad Year, to be applied to defray that Expence - - 561 — 4

Note, The Accounts of the Hospital are adjusted, and paid off, to the 30th of September pad; so that the remaining^. 1,054. os. 4Id. which lies in the Treasurer's Hands, will go towards discharging the Debt that has incurred between the ift October and 31st of December last; which, according to the yearly Medium, may be estimated at about £ S>500 - 1,054 — 4I

£. 10,000 —

Tho. Corbett.

3L

A State

t

A STATE of the yearly Revenue and Expence of Greenwich Hospital; prepared in pursuance of an Order of the honourable House of Commons, of the 23d Instant.

D

cgj

r — h

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

eg

FT

REVENUE.

The Six-Pence a Man per Menfem, of 10,000 Seamen in the King’s Service at Sea, yields -The Six-Pence a Man per Menfem, of about 1,500 Seamen employed on board his Majesty’s Ships in ordinary, may yield -

The Six-Pence a Man per Menfem, of Seamen employed in the Merchants Service, has yielded per Annum, for these Five Years past, about The Three Light-houses on the Forelands yield, per Annum, about Rent of Houses yield about -

There is veiled in South Sea Annuities, by Order of the Court of Chancery, the Sum of £.3,974 devised to the Hospital; which Sum is to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands; and, in the mean time, the Hospital receives Interest, at £. 4 per Cent.

Revenue ffiort of the Expence

Memorandum: — The Half Pay of the Governor, and other military Officers of the Hospital, which is at present applied in Aid to the Revenue of the Hospital, and may be deducted £. s. d. from the above Deficiency, amounts to about - - 1,295 15 —

The Wages, and Value of the Provisions, allowed to the Chaplains of the Ordinary of Deptford and Woolwich, which are at present applied in like manner, they being the Chaplains of the Hospital, amount to about - 107-----

But the said Sums, being uncertain, are not brought to Account, as Part of the Revenue of the Hospital.

Note, If more than 10,000 Seamen should be allowed for the King’s Service, it is probable there will be a Decrease of Seamen in the Merchant’s Service, and a Diminution in the Produce of the Light-houses, which cannot be estimated.

8-.

-1

£ s. d.

3,250-----

487 10 ---

7,000-----

1,400-----

25118 4

158 19 —

12,548 7 4

10,018 19 6

22,567 6 10

EXPENCE.

The Maintenance of 900 poor disabled Seamen, with the Officers, Ser- £. s, d. vants, and Nurses, upon the present Establishment, is estimated at about - 20,567 6 10

The ordinary Repairs in and about the Hospital, including the Wages of

the Officers of the Works, are estimated at about - 1,500 — —

Contingent Charges are about - - - - 5°° — —

£. 22,567 6 10

1,402 15

Tho. Corbett.

1$ Januarii. ' 1733-

7 Geo. II.

Ordered, That , the said Account and State do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Greenwich The House being informed, that Mr. Harris>Deputy Hospital. Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, attended at the Door; He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the

22}

House, pursuant to their Order, an Account, shewing how much Money has been received by the Treasurer, on account of the said Hospital, from Christmas 1732 to Christmas 1733; and how the same has been applied. And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

29° Janu

Greenwich Hospital, 7 An ACCOUNT, shewing how much Money has been received by the Treasurer, 28 January 1733. 3 on account of the said Hospital, from Christmas 1732 to Christmas 1733; and how

the same has been applied 5 viz.

Received on account of Abatements on Seamens Wages, employed in his Majesty’s Navy - 3,000 — —

Received for Seamens Sixpences, employed in the Merchant Service, ending with October 1733 7,291 1

Received for Forfeitures of Seamen, to Christmas 1732 - -- -- 55 6 i

Received for the Duties of Light-hpufes on the North and South Forelands, ending with Lady

Quarter 1733 - -- --.....848 9 6i

Received for Rents of Houses belonging to the Hospital ----- IOi 19 4

Received for the Chaplains Wage?, and Groats on the Ordinaries of Deptford and Woolwich

Yards, and in the Yachts.....- 243 18 6

Received for the Half-pay of the Governor, and other Officers, for a Year, ending with June 1733. 1,264-

Received for the Seamens Sixpences in the Victualling Service - - - - 7 19

Received of the Treasurer of the Navy, to make tip the £. 10,000 granted by an Act of the Fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign - -- 5,000 — —

Received of the Treasurer of the Navy Part of £. 10,000 granted by an Act of the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign ----- - - - - 5,000 — —

£.22,812 13 11

Which said several Sums, together with the Cadi remaining in the Treasurer’s Hands on the 25th December 1732,

has been applied as follows; viz.

Treasurer, - - - - Dr.

To Cash remaining in the Treasurer’s Hands on the 25th December 1732 -To sundry Impreit Receipts, then uncleared -

To the Treasurer s Receipts, from the 25th December 1732 to the 25th December 1733, as within

Sum.

£. d. 4,746 3 9

7,820 -

- 22,8l2 13 II

£35.37® J7 8

Per Contra,

- C'.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

bltafh Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

'H the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the efefting a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Edward Hughes Esquire, deceased.

Hedges Mr. Gybbon presented to the House, according to idjacent to Order, a Bill to explain, and make more effectual, the Highways. Lawg jn being to oblige the Possessors of Lands adjacent to common Highways to cpt, and keep low, such Hedges as are adjoining to the said Highways: And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.:

Petition A Petition of William Philips, in Custody -of the [ ^eant at Arips attending this« House, for a Breach

f Vol. 22.

Sum.

By paid the Houshold Six Months, £. s. d. ending with September 1732 - 9,335 10 XII

Contingent Account for the fame

time ----- 134 10 —

Books of Works, ditto - - 1,133 7 3i

Houshold Books Six Months, ending with March 1733 - - 8,204 x5 10

Contingent Account for the fame

time..... 354 11 Ai

Books of Works, ditto - - 347 16 — {

House, and Works

Due to Balance -

X9’5X0 0 11 5*

- 10>977 3 6i

3°>487 J5 — i

- 4.891 2 n

£ 35,37s 17 8

Signed and delivered, in the absence of the Treasurer, by 29th January 1733. W. Harris.

of the Privilege of this House, by him committed against Sir John Rujkout Baronet, a Member of this House, was presented to the House, and read; excusing his Offence; and expressing his Sorrow, and begging Pardon of the said Member, and of the House, for the fame: And therefore praying to be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Twenty thousand Men be employed for the Sea

: Service

Supply.

224

Service for the Year 1734, beginning from the First Day of January 1733.

hefolved, That it is t?ie Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Twenty thousand Men for Thirteen Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question feveraJJy put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ways Resolvedy That this House will, upon Friday Morn-and Means. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Call of the The other Order of the Day, for the Call of the House,

House- being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Fortnight, the 12 th Day of February next.

173$-

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

JovtSf 310 die Januarii;

Anno 7* Georgii 11" Regis, 1733.

Phave rs.

r I MI E House being informed, that Mr. Corbet, from ] X the Treasurer of the Navy, attended at the Door \ Se. He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Money has been ordered by the Right honourable the Lords of the Treasury, and received by the Treasurer of his Majesty’s Navy, for any Services of the Navy, from the Thirty-first December 1732 to the Thirty-first December 1733.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

Januarii.

2otii lamiant ion 1 An ACCOUNT of what Money has been ordered by the Right honour-

y y 755- j akje the jorcjs Gf the Treasury, and received by the Treasurer of his Majesty’s Navy, for any Services of the Navy, from the 31st December 1732 to the 31st December 1733; distinguishing the Times when the same Was received, and the Services to which it was applied; prepared in pursuance of an Order of the honourable House of Commons, dated 23d January 1733; viz.

Time.

S E R V I C

E S.

173 2*3-January 12th.j

D 16.

£- s. d.

5,832 — — 7 Received at his Majesty’s Exchequer, in 16,035 10 — j Money advanced by the Bank of England, for Exchequer Bills on the Salt

----- Duty, Part of the Supplies Anno 1732.

21,867 10 — For the Services under-mentioned; viz*

On the Head of Ordinary:

Sums. TOTAL.

£. s. d. £ * d.

Feb. iz.

Mar. 9th.

To pay a Quarter’s Salary to the Right honourable the Lords of the Admiralty, the Commissioners, and other Officers of the Navy, due Christ- £. s. d.

mas 1732 - 7,700-----

To pay a Quarter’s Pensions, due D* time 297 10 —

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay Imprefts, and Bills of Exchange -

On the Head of Wages:

To pay a Quarter’s Allowance to the Earl of Peterborough, as General of his Majesty’s Marine Forces, due Christmas 1732 - 870 — —

For the Payment of Ships, pursuant to

Act of Parliament - 10,000-----

7,997 10 —

3,000 — —

10,870-----

To received at his Majesty’s Exchequer, out of Money advanced by the Bank of England, for Exchequer Bills on the Salt Duty, Part of the Supplies Anno 1732, the Sum of £. 5,000 to be paid to Greenwich Hospital, for the Support thereof -

To received at his Majesty’s Exchequer, in Money advanced by the Bank of England, for Exchequer Bills charged on the Malt Duty Anno 1733, the Sum of £.247,143. 12 s.nd. for the Services under-mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay Three Months Course, due 31st July 17*9 To pay all the Yards Two Quarters Pay, due Midfum-mer 1732; viz.

On the Head of Ordinary - - 24,690 9 9

Wear and Tear - - 60,268 3 2

On the Head of Ordinary:

To pay 1 a Year’s Half-pay to the Sea Officers, due 31st December 1732 - 15,000 — —

To pay $ a Year’s Pension to superannuated Officers, &c. due Christmas 1732 - 4,350 — —

52,452-----

84,958 12 11

19,350-----

21,867 10 —

5,000-----

7 Geo. II.

Time.

*732-3-

March 21ft.

Apr, 13.

*733-

M<y 19th.

June 22d.

Vou 88.

51" jdnuarii.

225

SERVICES.

On the Head of Wages: To pay a Years Pension to the Chest at Chatham, due Lady-day 1732 -To pay Bills for Pilotage, Surgeons Ne-ceflaries, Kc. due 31st December 1731 To pay Sick and Hurt Quarters, One Year, ending 30th September *1732 -

To pay Bills of Exchange drawn on the Sick and Hurt Office -

On the Head of Victualling: To pay Three Months Course, due 31st July 1729 -

To pay the Coopers, Labourers, Jfc.Two Quarters Pay, due Midsummer 1732 To pay Necessary-money and Contingencies

£ d.

7,000 — —

4,151-----

2,760-----

I,500 ~ —

66,694-----

4,278-----

4,000-----

To received at his Majesty’s Exchequer in Money advanced by the Bank of England, for Exchequer Bills charged on the Malt Duty, Anno 1733, the Sum of £ 20,000 for the Service under mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Wages:

To pay such of his Majesty's Ships as are now under Orders of Payment -

To received at I)# in Money, out of Loans on the Malt Duty Anno 1733, the Sum of£. 27,602 10s. for the Services under-mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Ordinary:

To pay a Quarter's Salary to the Right honourable the Lords of the Admiralty, the Commissioners, and other Officers of the Navy, due Lady-day

last....

To pay a Quarter's Pensions, due D° time -

£ * d-

7,800

262 10 --

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay imprefts, and Bills of Exchange On the Head of Wages:

To pay a Quarter's Allowance to the Earl of Peterborough) as General of his Majesty’s due Lady-day last -To pay the Shoreham> and other of his Majesty’s Ships, under Orders ot Payment -

Marine Forces,

9°o-----

15>64°-----

To received at D# in Money, out of Arrears of former Land Taxes remaining in the Exchequer, as Part of the publick Supplies voted by Parliament for the Service of the Year 1733, the Sum of £.6,500 for the Services under mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay imprefts, and Bills of Exchange -On the Head of Wages:

To be imprested to Rear Admiral Stewart for the contingent Expence of the Squadron of his Majesty's Ships under his Command -

On the Head of Victualling:

To pay Necessary-money and Contingencies

To received at his Majesty’s Exchequer, in Money, out of the Sinking Fund, reserved and set apart for the Supplies Anno 1733, the Sum of £. 18,500, for the Services under-mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Wages:

To pay off his Majesty’s Ship Garland, £.

and other Services - - - - 15,000

To pay Bills of Exchange drawn on the Sick and Hurt -

s.

d.

On the Head of Victualling To pay Bills of Exchange -

i,5°o —

3M

£- s. d

15,411-----

74,972-----

8,062 10 3,000 —

16,540 -

3.000 -

5°o — —

3.000 -

16,500

2,000

s U M.

£ s. d.

247,143 12 11

20,000 — —

27,602 10

6,500-----

18,500 —

Time

.atf

31° Jamarii.

A. 1733.

Time.

1733.]une 28 th.

June 30th. July 18th.

July 31st.

August 8th.

September 5th

October 4th.

SERVICES.

To received at D# in Money, out of the Sinking Fund, reserved and set apart for the Supplies Anno 1733, the Sum o f£. 104,329 18 5 for the Services undermentioned; viz. To pay all the Yards Two Quarter’s Pay, due Christmas 1732; viz. £. s. d.

On the Head of Ordinary - - 43,000 — —

Wear and Tear - - 44,457-----

On the Head of Ordinary:

To pay a Quarter’s Salary to the Right honourable the Lords of the Admiralty, the Commissioners, and other Officers of the Navy, due Midsummer last -

To pay a Quarter’s Pensions, due D° time To pay a Year’s Pension to superannuated Officers, Sic. due D° time

7,200 — 262 10

- 3,200-----

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay Imprefts, and Bills of Exchange -On the Head of Wages:

To pay a Quarter’s Allowance to the Earl of Peterborough, as General of his Majesty’s Marine Forces, due Midsummer 1733 - -

On the Head of Victualling:

To pay the Coopers, Labourers, Xc. Two Quarters Pay, due Christmas 1732 - -

To received at D° in Money, out of tire Sinking Fund, reserved and set apart for the Supplies Anno 1.733, the Sum off. 5,000 for the Service under mentioned; viz. To be paid to Greenwich Hospital, for the Support thereof To received at D° in Money out of the Sinking Fund, reserved and set apart for the Supplies Anno 1733, the Sum of £. 13,000 for the Services under mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Wear epid Tear:

To pay Imprefts, and Bills of Exchange - -

On the Head of Wages:

To pay off his Majesty’s Ship the Ludlow Castle, and other Services - -

To received at his Majesty’s Exchequer, in Money, out of the Sinking Fund, reserved and set apart for the Supplies Anno 1733, the Sum of £. 18,000 for the Services under-mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Ordinary-:

To pay Half a Year’s Half-pay to the Sea Officers, due 30th Jinie 1733 - -

On the Head of Wages:

To pay Flag-pay -

To received at his Majesty’s Exchequer, in Money out of Arrears of former Land Taxes, granted towards the Supply Anno 1733, the Sum of £. 4,000for the Services under mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Wages:

To pay Bills of Exchange drawn on the Sickand Hurt Office On the Head of Victualling:

To pay Necessary-money and Contingencies

To received at his Majesty’s Exchequer, in Money, out of Loans on the Land Tax Anno 1733, the Sum of £. 10,000 for the Services under mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Wages:

To pay his Majesty’s Ship Gibraltar to the 31st December last; also to pay Two Months Advance, and Two Months in Six, pursuant to Act of Parliament

To received at his Majesty’s Exchequer, in Money, out of Loans on the Land Tax An no 1733, the Sum 0^.9,232, ioy. for the Services under mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Ordinary:

To pay a Quarter’s Salary to the Right £% s. d. honourable the Lords of the Admiralty, the Commissioners, and other Officers

of the Navy, due Michaelmas last - 8,000-----

To pay a Quarters Pensions, due D° time 2G2 10 —

£. s. d.

87>457 -

SUM.

£- A

10,662 10 —

1,000

910-----

4,300 8 5

3,000-----

10,000 ——

17,000

1,000

2,000

2,000

8,26! 10 —

104,329 IS 5

5,000 —

13,000 — —

-18,000 —

4,000 —

10,000 — — -

Time

*733-

rj Geo. II.

31° Janu

2J

Time.

October 17.

*733-

November 8th,

15th

;:> iS 5

December 2 41I)

SERVICES.

On the Head of Wages*

To pay a Quarter's Allowance to the Earl of Peterborough, as General of his Majesty’s Marine Forces, due Michaelmas last -

To received at D# in Money advanced by the Bank* for Exchequer hills on the Land Ta^-dwie 1733, the Sum of £. 8toooo for the Services undermentioned; viz.

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay ImprHts, and Bills of Exchange -To pay Auditors and Exchequer Fees, fife, and Contingencies of the Pay Office -

To received at D* in Money advanced by the Bank of England, for Exchequer Bills on the Salt-duty, Part of the Supplies Anno 1732, the Sum of £. 1,416 11 o| for the Service under mentioned; viz.

On the I lead of AVages:

To pay Bills on this Head -

To received at his Majesty’s Exchequer, in Money advanced by the Bank, for Exchequer Bills, on the Land Tax Anno 1733, the Sum of £. 13,000 for the Services tinder mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Wages:

To pay of This Majestys Ship tin? Success, whose Company is to be removed into the Shorcham; and for other Services on this Head -

On the Head cf Victualling:

To pay Bills of Exchange - 1,000 — —

To pay Necessary-money and Contingencies 2,000 — —

To received at D° in Money advanced by the Bank, for Exchequer Bills charged on the Land Tax Anno 1733, the Sum of£.109,547 13 3J, for the Services under mentioned; viz.

To be paid to Grcemvich Hospital, for the Support thereof On the Head of Ordinary:

To pay a Quarter’s Salary to the Right honourable the Lords of the Admiralty, the Commissioners, and other Officers of the Navy, due Christmas 1733 8,000 — To pay a Quarter’s Pensions due D° time - 262 10

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay Bills of Exchange -

On the Head of Victualling:

To pay Bills of Exchange ... 1,000 — - — To pay Necessary-money and Contingencies a,000 — -

On the Head of Wages:

To pay a Quarter’s Allowance to the Earl of Peterborough, as General of his Majesty’s Marine Forces, due

Chrijbnas 1733 - - - 870 ——

To pay Bills of Exchange drawn on the

Sick and Hurt Office - 2,000 — —

For Flag pay to Chrijbnas 1733 - - 1,000 — —

To pay off' his Majesty’s Ship the Sea Horse 7,000--

To pay Two Months in Six to Ships in Sea-

pay, according to AQ; of Parliament 10,000 — —

To be reserved for such Uses of the Navy, as the Right honourable the Lords of the Treasury shall plea fe tod ireft

The Sum Total is Six hundred Forty-two thousand One hundred Thirty-nine Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Eight Pence -

s.

9 7°-----

SUM.

5,000 -

3,000-----

10,000 -

3.000 -

9>232

d.

10 —

8,000 —

1*416 1 of

5,000 — —

13,000 —

8,262 10

2,000-----

3,000 — —

20,870 -p- —

7°>4I5 3 3t

i-

109*547 *3

642.139 *5

3*

8

Montrose

Improve-

ment.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be pCrufed by the Members of the House.

Colonel Middleton reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the Town of Montrose\ in behalf of themselves and the Community of the said Town, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report Vol. 22.

Torrington.

the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House of the 23d Day of this instant, January proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the FirR Allegation of that Petition, The Petitioners laid before the Committee an Act of

Parliament

228 3

Parliament, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beet that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Montrose% and Privileges thereof, for supplying the said Town with fresh Water, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; by which A<5fc, a Duty, over and above the Duty of Excise, payable to his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, was lard upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, that should be, for^ Sale, either brewed, brought in, vended, tapped, or fold, within the said Town, and Privileges thereof; and payable from the 24th Day of June 1720, for the Term of 25 Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, to the Magistrates and Town Council of the said Town, and their Successors in Office for the Time being, and their Collectors and Assigns, for the Use of the Community thereof; which Duty was, by the said A ft, directed to be applied for and towards sup-

fdying the said Town with fresh Water; and for mprovement and Preservation of the Harbour there; apd for building a convenient Dock; and for maintaining and preserving other publick Works for the Benefit of the said Town; and for paying off the publick Debts thereof; subject to the Directions in the said Act mentioned.

Then the Petitioners, in Support Of the other Allegations of their Petition, produced several Witnesses; viz.

Mr. Coutts: Who said. That the Money arising by the said Duty will not be sufficient to maintain, improve, and preserve, the publick Works; so that no Part thereof can be applied towards paying off the publick Debts of the said Town.

The said Mr. Coutts further said, That the Harbour of the said Town is capable of being made very commodious for the Receiving of such Ships and Vessels as shall from time to time, fail into, and lie in, the said Harbour; and that it is absolutely necessary, that a new Pier should be built and maintained on the EastSide of the said Harbour, for preserving such Ships and Vessels from Storms and Tempests:

He also said, That the public Streets of the said Town are in a bad Condition.

Mr. Coutts and Mr. Achterloney, being severally examined, said, That the Water, in and near the said Town, is so very bad, that the same cannot be made use of for Brewing, Malting, and Bleaching of Linen, the chief Manufacture of that Country; and that the Inhabitants of the said Town are obliged to fend a great Way for fresh Water for such and other Uses, at a great Expence; and that, to supply the Town with good fresh Water, and to make a Bason for the Reception thereof, j£. 3,000 Sterling at lead will be required.

And it appeared to the Committee, That the Money arising by the said Duties will not be sufficient to do the publick Works directed to be done by the said Act; and to build and maintain a new Pier; and to repair the Streets of the said Town; and to discharge the publick Debts thereof; unless the said Imposition, or Duty, be granted for a further Term of Years.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-Sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Montrose, and Privileges thereof, for supplying the said Town with fresh Water; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; And that Colonel Middleton, Mr. Campbell, of Edinburgh, and Mr. Scot, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Charitable The House being informed, that some of the Com-Corporation. missioners appointed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to examine, state, and report, who of the Sufferers in the charitable Corporation are Objects of Compassion, according to the Descriptions therein mentioned, attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the said Act, the Report of the

15

— 1 °Februarii. A. 17354

Commissioners appointed to examine, state, and report, who of the Sufferers in the charitable Corporation are Objects of Compassion.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

The said Report being printed by Order of the House, a printed Copy thereof is bound up, and preserved, with the other Books belonging to the House; and the original , Report is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Dr. Felton the Reverend Doctor Felton, for the Sermon by him tb&aked, preached before this House Yesterday, at St.Margaret's, Westminster; and that he be desired to print the fame:

And that Mr. Winnington, Mr. Keljal, and Colonel Bladen, do acquaint him therewith*

Mr. CroJJe reported from the Committee to whom Buttner,i the Bill to naturalize John Matthew Buttner, and John Lewis Kraguelius, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and bad directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Masters, Workmen, and other Per- Running of fons, concerned in the Woollen and Silk Manufactures W00L within the Cities of Londonawd Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, in behalf of them (elves, and all other Personsconcerned in the said Manufactures throughout Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Running of great Quantities of Wool to foreign Parts from Great Britain and Ireland, and the Exportation of great Quantities of Woollen Goods, completely manufactured, from Ireland, to foreign Countries, contrary to Law, are highly prejudicial to the Trade of this Kingdom, and the principal Cause of the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture: That, by this means, Foreigners are enabled to work up great Quantities of their own Wool, by mixing it with English or Irish, without the Assistance of which they could not make several Species of Goods, with which they now supply foreign Markets; and that the Petitioners are fenflble of the Zeal of this House, and of the good Laws in being to prevent the said mischievous Practice of exporting Wool and Woollen Goods ma-nufadured in Ireland; but find, by fad Experience, that all Endeavours for that Purpose have been hitherto ineffectual: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to provide such Remedies, and to give the Petitioners such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider the said Petition.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, i° die Februarii;

Anno 70 Georgii IIdi Regis 1733.

Prayers.

MR. Scj'ope presented to the House, pursuant to Surp their Address to his Majesty,

Surplusses stated at Lady-day 1733. And,

Surplusses stated at Michaelmas 1733.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Surplusses do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Surplusses are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered,

7 Geo. II.

Februarii.

22<y

Expiring

Laws.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect Walker, Mi*. Sir Win. taray, Mr. Walpole, Mr. what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report J&z/?, Mr. Waller, Mr: Clutterbuck, Mr* Wilmington, their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be Mr. Barco/?, Mr. Winford, Colonel Harrijbn, Lord Sidney-revived or continued: Beauclerk, Sir Jujlinian Isham, Lord Coleraine, Mr* Bram-

And it is referred to Mr. Bevan, Mr. ifor/e, Mr. Z«n- 7?o«, Mr. Lysler, Mr. Tamer, Mr. Townshend, Mn gueville, Mr. BW, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Bwr- Edxvards, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. 6'ay,

Mr. Orlcbar, Mr. Lehcup, Sir Henry Gough, Mr. Ccefar, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Stewart, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. CroJJ'e, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gould, Mr. Cr'ifpe, Mr. Titfnell, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Bramjlan, Mr. Hucks, Mh Campbell of Pembr. Mr. Walpole, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Tozver, Mr. Walker, Sir Francis Child, Captain Pui'vis, Lord Egmont, Sir Jujlinian Isham, Colonel Bear*/, Sir WW. Carew, Mr. Chamberlayn, Mr. Jcwks, Mr. Butler, Sir Trelawny, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Anne/ley, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Afford, Mr. Treby, Mr. White, Lord Sidney mauclerk, Mr. Rowney, Sir Grant, Sir Charles

Mr. Anne/ley; and all the Members that serve for Middlesex, London, Hertjordshire, Bedfordshire, and BwcLy;

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Land-owners, Occupiers, and Inha- Highgate bitants, of the Parish of Hendon, in the County of Am/- and Uamp-dle/ex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the be- stead Hoads, half of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; set-

Turner, Sir fVm. Clayton, Mr. Parsons, Sir Geo. Beau- ting forth, That in the said Parish are several Common

____* at.. c:- vj_____r iw- ur.___u_____ u:j__________ *1* ____i t____.l

afldllamp* lid Hoads.

Members ie Oaths.

tod I lamp-head Roads.

J7towf, Mr. Williams, Sir Edwaid Stanley, Mr Wyndham; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are tb meet' this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, One of the Third, and the other of the Eighth, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Firfiy for repairing the Highways from several Places, in the said Acts mentioned, leading towards High gate Gatehouse and Hampjlead\ in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House.

And Part thereof was read.

And John Willes Esquire, his Majesty’s Attorney General, returned a Burgess for the Borough of Portpigham,. alias Westlow, in the County of Cornwall, and Dudley Ryder Esquire, his Majesty s Solicitor General, returned* g Burgess for the Borough of Saint Germans, in the lhid County, appearing within, the House, in order to be k*-troduced and fwora, they were introduced; and took die Oaths; and made and subscribed the Declaration; and took anddiibscribed the Oath of Abjuration, pursuant to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Then the remaining Part of the said Petition was read; which Petition sets forth, That, by the first-mentioned Act, several Tolls and Duties were granted!, and made payable, for the Term of One-and-twenty Years; on the Credit whereof the Petitioners w ere obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money, in order to make the said Highways payable: That the Sum of Six thousand Five hundred Pounds Principal Money, lo borrowed, is now due; and that the fame, with the Income of the said Tolls, except what hath been paid for the Interest of the Money borrowed, and other necessary Expences, has been laid out in repairing the said Highways: And therefore praying, to the Intent that the Money so borrowed may be repaid, and the said Highways beeffectually amended, and kept in Repair, for the future, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former Acts; and for rendering the feme more effcfihial for so long time, and in iiich manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, as it shall appeal to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Francis Child, Mr. Earle, Mr. Tmcer, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Robert Hucks, Mr. Dockminique, Captain Evans, Sir Win. Ileathcote, Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Farfons, Lord Marquis of Carnarvon, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Andrews, °Mr. Lehcup, Mr. Philips, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Tujndl, Mr. Vindent, Mr. Rawlinson Earle, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Gould, Mr. Burton, Mr. CroJJ'e, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Rolle, Sir Edward Stanley, Major Selwyn, Mr. Allington, Mr. Scazven, Mr. Plummer> Mx. Sevan, Mr. Sandys, Mr* Gybbon, Colonel blaaen Sir Robert Monroe, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Gregory, Mr.

Vojl. 22.

Highways, in the Whole Twenty-eight Miles in Length, which are to be repaired by the Petitioners, who have annually expended in the Repair thereof, in feme Years Six Pence, in others Four Pence, and never lets than T hree Pence in the Pound, over and besides their Statute-work, they having no Gravel in their said Parish, but what they are obliged to buy at a very dear Price: That, ever since the Commencement of the Act of Parliament, made for repairing, among other Roads, the Highway leading from London, to the End of Hampstead Town next London, the Petitioners have constantly paid the Turnpike Duty, towards repairing that Road, without any Assistance therefrom, in the Repair of any Part of the Roads lying in their Parish: That the Road leading from the Upper Flask, on the North Side of the said Town of llampjtead, to the South End of the said Parish of Hendon, and from thence to the further End of Burrough-lane, next Edgware Road, in the said Parish of Hendon, is, by reason of the many heavy Carnages going that Road, become very ruinous, and cannot be supported by the Laws now in being: And therefore praying, That, in the Act for~ inlarging the Term granted for repairing the Roads from London to Hampstead, the said Road may be included; and be amended by feme Part of the Duties to be raised thereby or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the Ploufe shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, ap- / pointed to put in Execution Two Acts of Parliament,

One of the Third, and the other of the Eighth, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from several Places, in the: said Acts mentioned, leading towards Highgate Gate- house, and Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill to naturalize John Matthew Buttner, Buttner’s, and John Lezvis Kraguelius, was read the Third time. &c. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to naturalize John Matthexv Buttner and /

John Lewis Kraguelius.

Ordered, That Mr. Crojfe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Ways and a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways Means, and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

3 N Sir

33° I° — 40 — 5

Sir Chctrles Turner also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Rejblvcd, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

‘ Februarii. A. 1733-

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the find Resolution: And that Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr, Doddington, Sir Geo. O.vcnden, Mr. Clayton, Sir Wm.Yonge, Mr. Attorney General, Mr, Solicitor General, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Edward JValpole, Mr. Tilfon, and Mr. Kelfal, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 40 die Februarii;

Anno 70 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1733.

Prayers.

Committee f\RDERED, That Mr. Annesley, Colonel Plft, Sir of Privileges. C/ Thomas Aston, Mr. Pouiett, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Sehcyn, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Butler, Mr. Tujnell, Sir Fran. Child, Mr. Waller, Mr. White, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Cornwall, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Digby, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Docminique, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Dundafs, Mr. Edgcumbe, Sir Abra. Elton, Mr. Erskine, Mr. Finch, Mr. Glanville, Sir Robert Grofcenor, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Hope, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Master, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Myddleton, Mr. Offley, be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

Hedges adja- A Bill to explain, and make more effectual, the Laws cent to jn being to oblige the Possessors of Lands, adjacent to ,g lwa7s* common Highways, to cut and keep low such Hedges as are adjoining to the said Highways; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Earle, Mr. Brookjbank, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Arundel, Mr. Walker, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Tower, Mr. Yorke, Colonel Read, Mr. Harley, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Vane, Mr. Copleston, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Harris, Mr. Hucks, Colonel Cholmondeley, Mr. Cock burn, Mr. Wollaston, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Burton, Mr. Carr, Mr. Martyn, Colonel Handafyde, Mr. Clutterbuck Sir Ji m. Myddleton, Mr. Jennifon, Mr. Rozvney, Sir Geo. Saville, Sir 7 7*0. Hales, Mr. Hates, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Gould, Major Selwyn, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Sandys, Mr.; Annesley, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Ward, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Byng, Sir Wm. Carexv, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Walcot, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Crojfe,

Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Foley, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Brain-Jion, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Philips, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Treby, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Tilfon, Lord Noel Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ways and . Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from Meah?. the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Rejblvcd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, f That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty,

' the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament, of the Sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, have Continuance to the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1734, be further continued and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June 1734 to the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1735.

The laid Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the ^Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Petition of the Druggists, Grocers, China-men, and Excise others, dealing in Tea, was presented to the House, and Tea. read; alledging, That by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of King George the First, the Petitioners were induced to hope, that the Dutyarifing from Tea would be better secured to his Majesty, and the Interest of the fair Trader be better supported; but have fatally experienced the contrary Effects, the clandestine Importation of Tea being greatly increased; to the Damage of the publick Revenue, and Ruin of the fair Trader, occasioned by the great Difference of the Value of that Commodity at this and foreign Markets, whereby the Smugglers are enabled to purchase it Abroad for less than Half the Duty paid here: That the Regulations, which the Petitioners are laid under, are most burdensome and grievous, their Ploufes being liable to be entered by Persons unknown to them, and their Properties subjected to the judicial. Determination of Commissioners: That the Petitioners are liable to severe Penalties, for Errors and Omissions absolutely unavoidable; and retrained from disposing of their Goods, after having paid Duty for the fame, without Permits, from the Officers of the Inland Duties, expressing the Names and Places of Abode of the respect ive Buyers and Sellers, exposing thereby the Extent and Circumstances of their Trade ^whereby the Petitioners conceive they are in a worle Condition than any other of his Majesty’s Subjects: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and give them such Relief, as to the House shall fcem meet.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

rri n c v f Sir John Williams, >____

Tellers for the Yeas, > Mr. Harky: ] ’ 55-

Tellers for the Noes, £ } 233-

So it paired in the Negative.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Sappl ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Comi

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morn-ins;, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 50 die Februatfi;

Anno 70 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1733.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That all Committees be revived.

Coir

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in the City Goal of Del . Bristol, in behalf of themselves, and Thousands in the Petl several Gaols in this Kingdom; and of such as have fled to other Countries for fear of Arrest, a miserable Confinement for Life; who are willing to surrender up all their Effects in Discharge of their Debts; was presented to the House, and read; complaining of several Defects in the Act made for Relief of Debtors, with respefil to the imprisonment of their Persons, and of the Hdriiships attending imprisonment: And therefore praying, That ‘ they

Mwitrofe

Improve-

ment.

Highgate and Hamp-kd Roads.

Geo. II. 5 Februarii. iti

they may I)e released, upon forrenclering up all their Effects; and that Defendants may be Summoned for the future, before Judgment given; and that no Person may be arrested or imprisoned, unless upon Refusal to make such Surrender; or that they may be otherwise relieved, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Colonel Middleton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer, that shall be vended or sold within the Tov n of Montrose, and Privileges thereof, for supplying the said Town with fresh Water; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolced, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Parilliioners of 'the Parish of St. Mary Islington, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; alledging, That the Interests of the Petitioners will be greatly affected by the Bill, for which Application hath been made to this House, to continue an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways from several Places, therein mentioned, leading towards High gate Gatehouse, and Ham]) Head, in the County of Middlesex, no Provifron being thereby made for amend -ing Cross-Jireet Road lying within the Parish of St. Mary Islington, leading from the Royal Oak in the Lower Street to the Upper Street, containing in Length Two hundred and Fifty Yards, or thereabouts; and the Road leading from Ball's Pond to the House of Samuel Wright Esquire, in Neuington Green, containing in Length Eight hundred Yards, or thereabouts; which Two Roads are greatly damaged by the Ballast Carts passing that way for repairing the Roads included within the said Act: And therefore praying, That the said Two Roads pnay be included within the said Bill; and that the Monies, arising by the Tolls of the Turnpikes erected on the said Highway*, may be applied towards the repairing the said 'Two Roads, in the same manner as any other of the Roads mentioned in the said Bill: And also complaining, that the Monies, arising from the Turnpikes erected on the several main Roads leading from the Stones End in Gqfaell-street, and St. John Street, to Kingsland, and to the Gatehouse at Hampstead, which Roads were principally intended to be provided for by the said Act, should be laid out otherwise than upon the said Roads, or others adjoining thereto i And therefore praying, That the Repairing of the said main Roads may be put under the Direction of distinct Trustees; or that Provision may be made in the said Bill,' that the Monies arising from the Tolls, to be collected oii the said main Roads, may be kept separate from all other Monies whatsoever, and be intirely applied to the Repair of the said main Roads, or such other Roads adjoining thereto, as shall receive Damage by the Carriages passing that way for the Repairing of the said main Roads; and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet. " 1

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Chnj sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Third, and the other of the Eighth, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from several Places, in the said Acts mentioned, leading towards Highgate Gatehouse, and Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, as it shall appear to them to the House.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr, Chetwynd, Sir Wm. Stapleton, Sir Robert Salisbury Cotton, Sir Robert Clifton, Lord Vane, Sir Edxvard Doing, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Eyles, Sir Jof Kyles, Mr. Haflcin Styles, Mr. Heaths Vox. is,

cote, Mr. Iludge, Mr. Edxvard Rudge, Mr. Brock frank. Sir Wm. Strickland, Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Rafhleigh, Mr. Martyn, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Guidott, Mr. Richard Thompson, Mr. Perrot, Mr. Walcott, Captain Charlton, Sir IVm. Heathcote, Lord Bateman, Mr. Horatio Town)1 hold, Mr. Forbes, be added to the said Committee.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing die Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland', for the Service of the Year 1734: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, through the Frauds and Mismanagements of feme of their former Dire6iors, being reduced to the

freateft Necessities, the House was pleased, in the last eflion of Parliament to appoint a Committee to’ inquire into the State of their Affairs;’ which, by the Report of the said Committee, appeared to be in a very confuted and ruinous Condition; their Books having been* kept in fb imperfe6fc and irregular a manner, that there was no general Leidger of their Accounts; so that no certain State of their Affairs, drawn from their Books, could be depended on; and that by the said Report it appeared, that the Debts and out-standing Bonds of the Company, according to the nearest Computation, amounted to up-wards of Two hundred Forty-one thousand Pounds; though the real Debts thereof amounted only to One hundred Eighty-three thousand One hundred and Forty Pounds, many of them being secured to the Creditors by very large Deposits, or Pledges of the Company's Bonds, transferrable by Indorsement thereon; for Satisfaction of which Debts the Petitioners had nothing left, but their Estate of Widdrington, and the Reversions of certain forfeited Estates in Scotland, purchased by the Petitioners, of the Publick; and that their Debts were daily increasing by the great Number of Actions brought against them by particular Creditors: That, towards the End of the last Session of Parliament, a Bill passed in this House for their Relief in the Premises; but, tlfe Session being so far advanced j it did not pals in the House of Peers: That the Expence of the many Law-foils already brought, and daily bringing, against the Petitidners, by their Creditors, will ruin both the Petitioners, and their Creditors; and that the present Sale of the Estates of the Petitioners will be equally expensive and prejudicial to them, and their Creditors: That the Petitioners cannot make any Agreement with their Creditors, who are very numerous; und many of whom are Executors, or Trustees, for Infants, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for stating the Debts and Demands between the Petitioners, and their Creditors, and for staying, in the mean time, all Suits against the Petitioners; and to make such Agreement, as a proper Proportion of their real Creditors shall accept of, binding on the rest; and that the House will take such other Order in the :Pre mi fes, for the Relief of the Petitioners, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bi^l for stating and determining the Demands of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, and their Creditors: And that Sir John Barnard, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Clutter-bueke, and Sir Robert Clif ton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Rushout presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prevent the infamous Practice of Stock-jobbing: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Rejoiced\

Supply Bill, Duties on Mult, &CQ.

Ifork Buildings Company.

Preventing

Stock-

jobbiDg.

232 5 ° — 6° — 7° Feb ruarii. A. 1733.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Privilege. Ordered\ That William Phillips be brought to the Bar

of this House, Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged out of Custody.

The Order of the Day being read;

Running of Resolved\ That this House will, upon Thursday Mom-

00 ‘ ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider the Petition of the Matters, Workmen, and other Persons, concerned in the Woollen and Silk Manufactures within the Cities of London and W fl-mtifter, and Borough of Southwark, in behalf of them-lelves, and all other Persons concerned in the said Manufactures throughout Great Britain.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 6° die Februarii;

Anno 70 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1733.

Prayers.

A Person llflLLlAM Phillips, in Custody of the Serjeant at

am|rldif-I,de<1 Anns attending this House, was, according to Order, charged. brought to the Bar; where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker, and was ordered to be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Privilege. Complaint being made to the House, That John Whitfield, by the Assistance of Win.Strcdwick, George Apps, and Richard Jenner Junior, did, on the 28th Day of January last, forcibly and violently enter upon part of an House in the Possession of Edward Kennard, Tenant to Thomas Pelham Junior, Esquire, a Member of this House; and lull keeps Possession thereof, in Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

House Duty The House being informed, that some of the Com-and Land missioners for Taxes attended at the Door;

Tax Arrears. They w ere called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Arrears of Duties upon Houses w ere standing out at Christmas last; with the Names of the respective Receivers, in whose Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguishing each Year; and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof. And also,

\ An Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were standing out at Christmas last: with the Names of the respective Receivers, in whose Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguistnhg each Year; and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Supply Bill, A Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Duties on Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called

Malt, England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties

upon Malt, Mura, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year 1734» was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House. will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Iloule, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Supply, into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty s Land Forces in Great Britain, for the Year 1734, he referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces, in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1734, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, w'hen the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the Houlb, that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovts, 70 die Februarii;

Anno 7* Georgii IV1 Regis, 1733.

Praters.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt within Debtors the King's Bench Prison, in behalf of themselves, *>cllU0JI. and all other Prisoners confined for Debt within the fcve-ral Prisons of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; expressin^ their Willingness to discover, and surrender up, all their Estates and Effects for the Benefit of their Creditors, in hopes of being released upon such Discovery and Surrender; and complaining of several Defects in the late Act made for the Relief of iniblvent Debtors: and in the late Act made to prevent the Committing of Frauds by Bankrupts: And therefore praying the House to take the Premites into consideration; and to afford the Petitioners such Relief and liedress therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Sir John Norris, Sir John AJlley, Mr. Hedges Polhill, and Mr. Palmer, be added to the Committee to Jacent 1 whom the Bill to explain, and make more effectual, the Hl°llvva Laws in being to oblige the Possefi’ors of Lands, adjacent to common Highways, to cut, and keep low, such Hedges as are adjoining to the said Highways, is committed.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived, Commi

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Report Charit of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, made in the Corpoi last Session of Parliament, to examine, state, and report, who of the Sufferers in the charitable Corporation are Objects of Compaffiun, according to the Descriptions therein mentioned, with the Appendix to the said Report, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House being informed, That Mr. Arnold, from Ilalf-the Secretary at War’s Office, attended at the Door;

10 He

7 Geo. II. 7° Februarii.

2?3

Sercictt un-provided for.

Widows of M-pay Oifor*.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, a List of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines intitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1734: And also.

An Account of Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament.

And he acquainted the House, That he had received his Majesty’s Commands to lay before this House, a List of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines who died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th Day of December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1734.

And he presented the said Lift to the House accordingly.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Lifts and Account were read.

And the said Account is as follows; viz.

An ACCOUNT of Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament.

The Amount of several Payments made to the Contraftor for furnishing the \ £> x. d. x. d.

Garrisonof Gibraltar with Provisions from the 20th December 1725, thef r

Date of the late Mr. MiJJing's last Contra®, did, on the 22d Day of July f a*7>57 *7 2

1733, amount to )

From 23d July 1733 to the 6th January 1733-4* being Six Months, of 281 Days to the Month, including Insurances, and Repairs of Storehouses, is 16,258 1 3

estimated at about - ----- -j-----

Total of a®ual and estimated Payments ----- 263,834 18 5

Deduct the Amount of the several Supplies in Parliament for this Service 229,782 13 5

Remains to be provided for ——

To satisfy his Majesty s Warrant, dated the 3d Day of May 1733, payable to Lieutenant General George trade, to defray the Charge of making 20 Miles of new Road in the Highlands of North Britain; and building, on the said Road, Two Stone Bridges of One Arch each, 15 Feet wide; as also for building a Free Stone Bridge of Five Arches over the River Tay, near 400 Feet in Length, the middle Arch 60 Feet wide, the Starlings of Oak, and the Piers and Land Breads founded on Piles ffiod with Iron -To make good the like Sum, paid William Caulfield Esquire, for iurveying and keeping in Repair, the new Roads through the Highlands, per Warrant of 28th May 1733 The Difference of Pay between the English and Irish Establishment for Lord Rothes's Regiment of Foot, upon the Establishment of Ireland, but now serving at Gibraltar, for 365 Days,

from 25th December 1732 to 24th December 1733....

To make good the like Sum, paid Mr. John Gilman, Contra®or for furnishing and supplying the Forces in the Island of Minorca with Flesh Meat, over and above the Six Pence per Man per Week, flopped from the Pay of the Regiments there, pursuant to Contra® and Warrants, between the 15th February 1734 and the 14th February 1734. -Levy Money for 480 Dragoon Horseaand Accoutrements, upon the Agumentation of Eight Regiments of Dragoons, at £. 15 each Horse -

34,052 4 iH

4^731 5 9

400 — —

876-----

866 13 4 7,200 — —

Whitehall, 7th February 173^. Total - - - £. 48,126 4 — 4

William Strickland. "

Ordered, That the said Lifts and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lifts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

fanffl Ordered, That the Commissioners appointed by an ^Corpora- Act* made in the last Session of Parliament, to exa-00Q. mine, slate, and report, who of the Sufferers in the charitable Corporation are Objects of Companion, according to the Descriptions therein mentioned, do lay before this House, an Account of what Charge has hitherto attended the Execution of the said A®; with an Estimate, as near as can be made, of what Charges may occur in the further Execution thereof.

Weaver A Petition of the justices of the Peace, Gentlemen,

Kwigation. Freeholders, and other the Inhabitants of the County of Chester, assembled at the General Quarter Session of the Peace held at Northwich, for the said County, the 15th Day of January 1733: And also,

1A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool, under their Common Seal: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Proprietors of Salt-works, and Inhabitants of the ancient Market Town of Namptwich, in the County Palatine of

ft ^ere severally presented to the House, and read;

setting forth the Advantage of extending the Navigation of the River Weaver, which, by an A® passed in the Seventh Year of his late Majesty’s Vol.'22L

Reign, was made navigable from Frodsham Bridge to Winsford Bridge, in the said County Palatine of Chester: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for extending the Navigation of the said River Weaver, from Wins-ford Bridge to the Town of Namptzvich, in the said County Palatine of Chester, upon such Terms and Conditions as to the House iha.Il seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Colonel Cholmondeley, Mr. Hugh Williams, Mr. Owen, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Clutterbucke, Mr. Copleston, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Farrington, Mr. St. Quinlin, Mr. Hojie, Mr. Earle, Sir Charles Turner, Lord Wallingford, Mr. Burton, Sir Geo. Saunders, Mr. Crozvle, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Treby, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Sir Wm. Yonge, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Orlebar, Mx.Townshend, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Bacon, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Yorke, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Shuttleworthy Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gybbon, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Rawl. Earle, Mr. Gregory, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Tilfon, Mr. Alderman Perry, %\rJohn Rushout, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Edgcumbe, Mr. Vernon, Mr. More, Mr. White, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Rolle, Sir Wm, Carew, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Conduit, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Campbell, Colonel Ducket, Sir James Campbell, Colonel Mordaunt, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Plumptre, Sir John Norris;

3 O Mr.

234 .7* Februar1733.

Mr. j&tfwtf/i, Sir Elton, Sir Gw. Beaumont; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Chtfier, Lancdjler, 6Vz/o/), and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Manufacture A Petition of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace of

of Cloth in the West Riding of the County of York, assembled at

Yorkshire. General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held by Adjournment, ^it Wakefield, in and for the said West Riding, the 17th Day of January last, and of the Owners and Occupiers of Fulling Mills in the said West Riding) and also of the Merchants, Clothiers, and Dealers in the Manufacture of Woollen Broad Cloth made in the said West Riding, was presented to the House, and read) alleging. That the Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for the better regulating the Manufacture of Cloth in the said West Riding, which, by an Act in the last Session of Parliament, was continued for several Years yet to come, has greatly improved the Credit of the said Manufacture, and has been very advantageous to the Dealers therein but complaining, that Three hundred Pounds, and upwards, expended by divers of the Petitioners in procuring the said original Act, and a Bill, which passed this House in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for amending the said Act, has not been repaid: That, by the said Act, the Petitioners, and other Owners and Occupiers of Fulling Mills, are made subject to great Penalties, which it is almost impossible to avoid: That the Petitioners the Clothiers have been required to pay, and have paid, for every whole Cloth sealed and stamped by the Mill Men, Four Pence; and, for every Half Cloth, Two Pence; though the said Act has only made a general Provision for the payment of Two Pence for all Cloth so sealed and stamped; One Peny thereof to be paid to the Treasurer of the said West Riding, to be applied towards the Salaries of the Searchers appointed by the said Act: That no other Fund is provided, by the said Act, for Payment of the said Salaries; and that, no Provision being made, by the said Act, to compel the Clothiers to pay to the Mill Men the said Sum of Two Pence, or the Mill Men to receive the said Peny for the said Treasurer, and to pay the same, when received, the said Fund is diminished, and’in Danger of being loft, by the Refusal of several Clothiers to pav the said Peny, and of several Mill Men to receive and pay over the fame: And therefore praying Leave to bring in a Bill for mitigating or altering the said Penalties upon the Mill Men, for compelling the Clothiers to pay the said Peny to the Mill Men, for the Treasurer of the said West Riding, and the Mill Men tp receive and pay the same to the said Treasurer; and so to explain the said Act, that the Petitioners the Clothiers may be obliged to pay to the Mill Men no more than Two Pence for the Sealing and Stamping of every Cloth, whether the same shall be a whole Cloth, or an End, or Half Cloth) and for reimbursing the Petitioners the Clothiers the said Sum of Money so by them expended, as aforesaid; or that such Provision may be made, touching the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Turner, Sir Geo. Savil, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Lyddall, Sir Thomas Rob inf on, Mr. Ramsden, Lord Gage, Mr. Wyndham, Sir Wm. Milner, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Sevan, Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Bladen, Mr. Yorke, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Edg-eumbe, Mr. Brookjbank, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Wardour, Mr. Nellhorpe, Mr. Winnington, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Earle, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Bramfion, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Sir Charles Bunbury,

Mr. Glanvill, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Tilfon, Mr. Burton,

Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Conduit, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Rawl. Earle, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Annefiey, Mr. Bacon, Sir A bra. Elton, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Neale, Mr. Parsons, Colonel Mordaunt; and all the Members that serve for the County of York:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Merchants, Tradesmen, and Rec< Shopkeepers, within the City of London, and Liberties l*mal thereof, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and several others trading in the said City, and Liberties, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are under a Necessity of giving Credit for small Sums to great Numbers of Persons, who frequently refuse, though well able, to pay their Debts; depending on the Discouragements which the Petitioners lie under, from the unavoidable Expence of Suits, and the Delays thereof, even after Judgment obtained; and alleging, That an easy, speedy, and cheap Method of recovering Debts, will greatly tend to the Promoting of Industry, and the Support of useful Credit: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof; or "that such other Relief may be given to the Petitioners in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Motion was made, and a Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the City o(London, and Liberties thereof;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the faits Question, by leaving out the Words " the City of London, and Liberties thereofand inferring, instead thereof; these Words, «c that Part of Great Britain called England

And the Question being put, That the Words <c the " City of London, and Liberties thereof," stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words tc that " Part of Great Britain called England" be ilifertedy instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within that Part of Great Britain called England: And that Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Earl, Mr. Hay, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Wyndham, and Mr. Glanvill, do prepare and bring in the fame.

Sir Charles Turner, accordj^g to Order, reported from the Committee of the wholeTRufe, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Number of effective Men to be provided for Guards and Garrisons in Great Britain, and for Guernfnj and Jersey, for the Year 1734, be, including One thousand Eight hundred and Fifteen Invalids, and Five hundred Fifty-five Men, which the Six independent Companies consist of, for the Service of the Highlands, Seventeen thousand Seven hundred and Four Men, Commission and Non-commission Officers included.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Forty-seven thousand Four hundred Twenty-nine Pounds Eleven Shillings and Three-pence Half-peny be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the said Seventeen thousand Seven hundred and Four Men, for Guards,

Garrisons,

7 Geo. II.

8° Feb ru arii.

23'5

Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Year 1734.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and three thousand Nine hundred Ninety-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three-pence Haif-peny, be granted to his Majesty for maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Canso, Placentia, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1734.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Andrews have Leave to make a fnSr. ^ot*on’ lt being after Three of the Clock.

U0i er* And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters: And that Mr. Andrews and Mr. Huxley do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

bl'tenU

I hut of Ordered, That Mr. Whitioorth have Leave to make a Atftoce. Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Lord Wallingford have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Scrope have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That a Copy of the Establishment of his Majesty’s Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1733, be laid before this House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

°1, Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider the Petition of the Matters, Workmen, and other Persons concerned in the Woollen and Silk Manufactures within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, in behalf of themselves, and all other Persons concerned in the said Manufactures throughout Great Britain.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 8° die Februarii;

Anno f Georgii IIdl Regis, 1733.

Pray e r s.

QRDE RE D, That the proper Officer do lay before this House an Account, shewing how the Money granted last Session of Parliament, for the Repair of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter Westminster, and for finishing the Dormitory belonging to the said Collegiate Church, hath been disposed of.

1 Weflmioller Abbey.

; bate of Ordered, That the Lord Palmerjlown have Leave to

[ Absence. g0 to the jBath, for the Recovery of his Health.

Lftmihing Mr. Andrews presented to the House, according to ptfertioa. ^er> a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

ipply Bill; Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, t ' c‘ upon the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, I Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain 1 Vol.22.

Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that-Part of Great Britain called Scotland> for the Service of the Year 1734, be now read;

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause todi-s red, That the Deficiency which shall be on the 25th of March 1734, of the Income of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1732, to satisfy Principal and Interest chargeable thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1734.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, and Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, mid made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received on Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Treby have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Two of the Clock.

And he moved accordingly: And presented to the Strode'* House a Petition of Sir Nicolas Trcvanion Knight, Tris* # Eftatt. tram A vent, Amos Doidge, and Richard Bozcen, Gentlemen, Guardians and Trustees for William Strode, an Infant j which was read ;setting forth; That, by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, it was Enacted,

That any Sum of Money, not exceeding^.6,784, should and might be paid to the Trustees of the said William Strode, in full Satisfaction of all their Interest in certain Lands and Buildings thereon called the Lamb Hay, in or near Plymouth, in the County of Devon, then in the Possession of the Crown; but that no Authority . being given to the Petitioners, as Guardians and Trustees to the said Infant, to dispose of or apply the Money to arise by Sale of the Premises, until he shall be qualified to give a Discharge for the fame; and, by reason of his Infancy, the Sale proposed, though for the Interest of the said Infant, cannot be compleated without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for veiling the said Lands and Tenements in Trustees, in order to sell and convey the same to and for the Use of his Majesty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Treby, the Lord Glenorchy, Mr. Byng, and Sir Wm. Yonge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Colonel Bladen have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved, accordingly, for Leave to present to the House,

A Petition of Sir Theodore Janffen Knight and Baronet, janflen'*

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the Eftat*. House, That the same of the Petitioner having been humbly represented to his Majesty, his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That his Majesty gives his Consent, that the House may do therein as they think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner hath lately purchased of the most Reverend William Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, who purchased of Edward late Lord Stourton, the Manor and Advowsonof Ower Moigne, in the County of Dorset, and several Lands and Hereditaments there, Part of the Estate of John Lord Stourton’, the Remainder

whereof

>y

Earl of Carnwath’s Disabilities byAtiainder.

236 8° — ii° Februarii. A. 1733.

whereof in Fee, in Default of any Heirs of the Bodies of the said John Lord St our ton, or of William Lord Stourton, his Grandfather, was, by Indenture, inrolled in Chancery, dated the Fifth Day of November, in the zid Year of Queen Elizabeth's Reign; and, by Fine, veiled in her said Majesty, her Heirs and Successors for ever: That the Estate of the Petitioner therein being only a base or qualified Fee, during the Continuance of any Heirs of the Bodies of the said John Lord Stourton, or of the said William Lord Stourton, the Petitioner cannot have an absolute and indefeasible Estate of Inheritance in Fee*simp!e therein, by the reason of the said Remainder in Fee, so limited to the Crown, as aforesaid: That there is no probability of any Advantage accruing to the Crown thereby; and that his Majesty has most graciously consented, that the said Remainder in Fee may be vested in the Petitioner, and his Heirs; but that the same cannot be done without an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for vesting in the Petitioner and his Heirs, the said Remainder in Fee-simple of the Premises so purchased by, and conveyed to, the Petitioner, as aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Colonel Bladen, Mr. Bladen, Sir Thomas Robinson, and Mr. Fane, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Earle have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved, accordingly, for Leave to present to the House,

A Petition of Robert Dalzell, late Earl of Carnwath.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That the same of the Petitioner having been humbly represented to his Majesty, his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That his Majesty gives his Consent, that the House-may do therein as they think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was, on the Ninth Day of February 1715, attainted of High Treason; and thereby all his Estate, real and personal, was forfeited, and, by One or more Acts of Parliament, veiled in Trullees, for the Use of the Publick: That, by a Clause in an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for granting Relief to the Petitioner, it was Enacted, That, out of the "Money arising from the Sale or Produce of his forfeited Estate, such a Sum might be applied for and towards the future Support of the Petitioner, and his Family, and for the Payment of his Debts, without Account, Imprest, or other Charge, as his said late Majesty, by his Sign Manual, should think fit to direct; in consequence of which Act, the Petitioner was impowered, by his said Majesty’s Sign Manual, to receive, and hath received, the sum of £. 5,000; but that the Petitioner is in Danger of losing the Produce and Benefit of the said Sum, and is exposed to many Difficulties, being incapable to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit; and is likewise disabled to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that shall or may hereafter descend or come to him; and, by reason of his said Attainder, is excluded from the Means of providing for himself, and his unfortunate Family: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for removing the Disabilities and Incapacities occasioned by his said Attainder; or to grant him such other Retief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable Robert Dalzell, late Earl of Carnwath, to file or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter descend or come to him, or which he was intitled unto, in Reversion or Remainder, before his Attainder: And that Mr. Earle, Sir James Grant, Mr. Thompson of

York, Mr. Drummond of Quarrel, and General Wade, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunee, ii° die Februarii;

Anno 7° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1733.

Prayers.

A BILL for enlarging the Term and Powers granted jt\. by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots? or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Montrose, and Privileges thereof, for supply- ing the said Town with fresh Water, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Middleton, Sir James Campbell, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Harris, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Vincent, Captain Purvis, Mr. Town field, Mr. Brifow, Mr. Hay, Mr. Bold, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Thomas Robin-Jon, Mr. Pelham, Sir Francis Child, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Longueville, Colonel Lyddall, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Archer, Mr. Packer, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Bacon, Sir Henry Houghton, Mr. Earle, Mr. Raid. Earle, Sir Geo. Cafwali, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Drew, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. York, Sir James Grant, Mr. Plumjgre, Sir Wm. Clayton, General Wade, Captain Vernon, Sir John Bruce, Mr. Campbell, Colonel Read, Mr. Phillips, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Sevan, Sir John Rufiout, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Murray, Mr. Rutherford, Sir Nicolas Williams; and all the Members that serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Gybbon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, and make more effectual, the Laws in being to oblige the Possessors of Lands adjacent to common Highways to cut, and keep low, such Hedges as are adjoining to the said Highways, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House:

And some Amendments were made,’ by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Lord Charles Cavendish have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of the Matters, Workmen, and others the Inhabitants, trading and concerned in the WooIIenManu-fart nres, in the ancient Borough and Pari fh of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, was prefen ted to the House, and read; representing the great Decay of Trade in the Woollen Mauitfitftories of this Kingdom, occasioned partly, as the Petitioners apprehend, because the Trade is not incorporated; but principally by the frequent Run-ing and Exportation of great Quantities of British and

by GO

Ways and Meat*.

Montrose

Improvement.

Hedges adjacent t

Highway)

Leave

Abfei

Rann

W,

7 Geo. It

I Ib — 12*

Fehruariu

m

Irish Wool, and of Woollen Goods thoroughly manufactured, from Ireland, to foreign Parts, contrary to Law; to the Prejudice of the Trade of this Kingdom and the Advantage of other Nations, who work up great Quantities of their own Wool, with a Mixture of English and Irish, without the Help of which, they could not make several Sorts and Species of Goods, which they now supply them [elves and others with: And therefore praying the House to take the Pretnifes into Considera* tion$ and to provide such Remedy for the Relief of the Petitioners, and others concerned in the Woollen Manufactures, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Masters, Workmen, and other Persons, concerned in the Woollen and Silk Manufactures, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, in behalf of themselves, and all other Persons concerned in the said Manufactures, throughout Great Britain, is referred.

Bill; Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported Datum from the Committee of the whoTe House, to whom the MjiUc. bjh for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year 1734; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout 5 and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Itwmyof

yiDcbti.

Men’s

Eibte,

Ordered, That Mr. Bevan, be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of finall Debts, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Colortel Bladen presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for vesting in Sir Theodore JanJfen Knight and Baronet, and his Heirs, the Remainder in Fee-simple, now in the Crown, expectant on the Determination of certain Estates Tail, of and in the Manor and Advowson of Ower Moigve, in the County of Dorset, and several Lands and Hereditaments to the same Manor belonging: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Wring A Bill to prevent the infamous Praflice o^Stock-y* jobbing was read a Second time.

J0 ID&' Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read; typly; Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty. /

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock. ' 1

Vol. 22.

Mar thy 12° die Februarii \

Anno 7* Georgii IId* Regis, 1733.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Serge-makers, and others* Running Traders and Dealers in the Woollen Manufa<5lory of Wool, in Kettering, in the County of Northampton* on the behalf of themselves, and all others, Traders and Dealers in the same Manufactory, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain; complaining of the unlawful Exportation of Wool to foreign Parts; and also,

A Petition of the Merchants, and others concerned in the Woollen Manufacture in and about the City of Exeter; complaining of the Running of English and Irish Wobl, and of the annual Exportation of many Thousand Camblets, and other Species of Woollen Goods, completely manufactured, from Ireland, into foreign Parts, contrary to Law;

Were severally presented to the House, and readj praying an effectual Remedy thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Masters, Workmen, and other Persons, concerned in the Woollen and Silk Manufactures, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, in behalf of themselves and all other Persons concerned in the said Manufactures throughout Great Britain, is referred.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined in his Majesty’s Debtors Castle or Gaol for the County of Gbucester, for Debt, in Petition* behalf of themselves, and Thousands in the several Gaols in this Kingdom, and of such as have fled to other Countries, for fear of Arrest, and a miserable Confinement for Life, who are willing to surrendernp all their Effects, in Discharge of their Debts, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of several Defects \n the Act made for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and of the Hard-ships attending Imprisonment: And therefore praying That they may be released upon surrendering up all their EffeCls; and that Defendants may be iummooed, for the future, before Judgment given; and that no Person may be arrested, or imprisoned, ftnless Upon Refusal to make such Surrender; or that they may be . otherwise relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Treby presented to the House, according to Order, strode's

a Bill for veiling certain Lands and Tenements lying Eftute. Contiguous to the Citadel oi Plymouth, being the Estate of William Strode, an Infant, in Trustees, in order to sell and convey the same tQ and for the Use of his Majesty: And the same was received; and read Hie First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Duties upon Supply Bill. Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Duties on Britain called England; and for granting to his Malt> Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year 1734; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum,

Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year 1734; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, and Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of William Miller, and the Persons whose Arrears of

Names are thereunto subseri bed, in behalf of themselves, D Dutch 3p and Reg.ment,.

Regulating

Elections in Scotland.

York

Ru rikfcng

Conipai )y.

Call of the House.

Running of Wool.

338 »2" — 13°

and many others, delating to the Arrears due to the Thirteen Dutch Regiments, Which came over with his Majesty King William, upon the Resolution, was, with a State of their same annexed, prefen ted to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Petitioners being interested in the Arrears (till remaining unsatisfied, have, from time to time, been promised here, by the Agents of the States General, to have Satisfaction for their just Demands; but that the said Agents have received the greatest Part of the said Arrears in the Years 1721 and 1722, without paying any Money to the Petitioners; and that the States General claim a considerable Sum, as a Balance due to them from the Crown of Great Britain: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration; and to order a Satisfaction for their just Dues, amounting to upwards of £. £0,000 Sterling, out of such Money as remains unpaid to the States General; or other wise to relieve them, as to the House shall seem moll proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better regulating the Elections of Members to serve in the House of Commons, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And that Mr. Dundafs, Sir Robert Monroe, and Sir John Bruce, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Barnard presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dating and determining the Demands of the Corporation of the Governor and Com-

?any of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in 'oik Buildings, and their Creditors: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Fortnight, the 26th; Day of this lnstant February. .

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Hqufe resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider the Petition of the Mailers, Workmen, and other Persons, concerned in the Woollen and Silk Manufactures, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, in behalf of themselves, and all other Persons concerned in the said Manufactures throughout Great Britain-, and also the several other Petitions referred to the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Barnard took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Barnard, reported from the Committee, That they had made some progress in the Matters to them referred; and that the Committee had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Masters, Workmen, and other Persons, concerned in the Woollen and Silk Manufactures, within the Cities of London and Westminster and Borough of Southwark, in behalf of themselves, and all other Persons concerned in the said Manufactures, throughput Great Britain, and of the several other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Feb ru arii. A. 1733,

Mercurii, 130 die Februarii

Anno 70 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1733.

IPrayers.

PETITION of William Afion, Keeper of the Debtors County Prison of Hereford, in behalf of his Petition. Majesty’s Subjects, Prisoners for Debt, under the Care of the Petitioner; representing to the House the Dif-tresses fuifered by the said Prisoners, by their Confinement, without any weekly Allowance, and of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the said Prison, in behalf of themselves, and Thousands in the several Gaols of this Kingdom, and of such as have fled to other Countries, for Fear of Arrests, and a miserable Confinement for Life, who are willing to surrender up their All in Discharge of their Debts; complaining of several DefeCls in the Act made for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and of the Hardships attending Imprisonment; and praying That they may be released upon surrendering up all their Elfecls; £nd that Defendants may be summoned, for the future, before Judgment given; and that no Person may be arrestecl, or imprisoaed, unless upon Refusal to make such Surrender; or that they may be otherwise relieved, as to the House shall seem meet; was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Morgan have Leave to go into the Leave Country for Five Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions Ableuce*

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Securing tlx the better securing the Property in Decoys to the Owners thereof: And that Mr. Bromley, of Cambridge- W ec°}1 shire, Sir Humphry Howarsh, Mr. Vynci', and Sir Robert Abdy, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hugh Williams reported from the Committee, to Weaver whom the Petition of the J uftiges of the Peace, Gentle- av,»atien' men, Freeholders, and other the Inhabitants of the County of CInfer, assembled at the general Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at Nori/nvich, for the said County, the 15th Day of January 1733; an(i a j ^ie 'Petition of the , Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool, under their ((common Seal; and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Proprietors of Salt-works* and Inhabitants, of the ancient Market Town of Nampt-wich, in the County Palatine of Chester; were referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House of the 7th lnstant, have;examined the Matters contained in the said Petitions:

And, to prove the fame, the Petitioners called,

Mr. Thomas Williams and Mr. Joseph Lea: Who being severally examined, said, That an Act passed in the 7th Year of his late Majesty s Reign, for making the River Weaver. navigable from Frodsham Bridge to Winsford Bridge, in the County of Chester: That the Navigation thereof, pursuant to the said Act, is perfected; and if extended from Winsford Bridge to Namptioich, it will be of considerable Advantage to all the Neighbouring Counties:

That wtbe laid River when made navigable, will be about 17 Miles in Length; and that Cent. per Cent. will be saved, by the Carriage of Goods on the fame, from Namplwich to Frodsham, for which there is now paid for Land-carriage always 15 s. and often times 20 s. per Ton, to the great Discouragement of all Traders in thol'e Parts; but that, by the intended Navigation, which can be easily performed, the Rate for Carriage of Goods will

7 Geo. It

i3 ° — 140

239

be reduced; to the great Advantage of the North and Western Parts of England:

And they farther laid, That, in time of War with France, Goods and Merchand ifts can be conveyed without Danger, on the said River, not only from the Port of Liverpool but also from the North Parts of the Kingdom, to the 1'own of Shrew/bitru, and down the River Severn, to the West and Southern Parts, at an easy Ra^e:

And they said, That there are at Namptwich several Brine-pits and Salt-works, which ufedto be worth several Thousand Pounds per Annum \ but the same of late have been of little Value: That, by the said intended Navigation, the Owners thereof will be enabled to fell their Salt at the Price paid at other Places; because the Materials for making the same are very cheap.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to extend the Navigation on the River Weaver from Wins-ford Bridge to the Town of Namptwich, in the County of Chester: And that Mr. Hugh Williams, Mr. Cholmondeley and Colonel Cholmondeley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Rolle presented to the House, according to QMiio* 0,’der, a Bill to amend, and render more efte6tual, an Act), made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the further qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

M;ag A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for Mutiny the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; ttiDdtrtion. was reacj a seconcj time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

AnarCmn. A Motion was made, and a Question being proposed* "*"* That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better securing the Constitution, by preventing the Officers of such Land Forces, as shall at any lime be allowed, by Authority of Parliament, from being deprived of their Commissions, otherwise than by Judgment of a Court Martial, to be held for that Purpose, or by Address of either House of Parliament;

The Preamble to the Bill, depending in the House, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; and the Preamble to an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act declaring the foie Right of the Militia to be in the King; and for the present ordering and disposing the lame; and also. Part of an Act made in the 13th and 14th Year of the Reign of the said King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom; were read.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting, after the Word "Officers," these Words, " not above the Rank of Colonels of Regiments;" and the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better securing the Constitution, by preventing the Officers, not above the Rank of Colonels of Regiments, of such Land Forces as shall, at any time be allowed, by Authority of Parliament, from being deprived of their Commissions, otherwise than by Judgment of a Court Martial, to be held for that Purpose, or by Address of either House of Parliament; Itpaffed in the Negative.

Vo 1. 22.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, p f

That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, D^ike^f0 humbly to desire his Majesty, That he will be graciously Bolton, &c. pleased to inform this House, by whose Advice it was that his Majesty was ^pleased to discharge his Grace Charles Duke of Bolton, and the Right honourable Richard Lord Viscount Cobham, from the Regiments lately under their several Commands; and what Crimes were alleged against them, which were the Occasion thereof;

The House divided.

The Y’eas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,] 151.

c Lord Advocate of Scot- Tellers for the Noes,) land, 5:

(Mr. Wilining ton: J

So it passed in the Negative.

252.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House wall, upon Monday Morn- Ways ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 14.0 die Februarii;

Anno 70 Georgii IIdI Regis, 1733.

Pjiayebs*

MR. Comptroller presented to the House, pursuant TreJ?ty w,th

to their Address to his Majesty, Copy of the e mPeror* Treaty between the Emperor and the King of Great Britain; signed at Vienna, the 16th of March 1731; and of the Pragmatick Sanction annexed; with the Transtations thereof: And also,

Copy of the separate Article for excluding from the Guaranty the same of the Turks givingDisturbance to his Imperial and Catholick Majesty; signed at the same Place, and on the same Day $ and Translation thereof:

And also.

Copy of the Declaration concerning the Introduction of Spanish Garrisons into the fortified Places of Tuscany, Parma, and Placentia; signed likewise at the same time; and Translation: And also.

Copy of the Declaration concerning the Succession of Parma; signed as above; and Translation: And also,

Copy of the Declaration signed by the Ministers of the King of Great Britain, and of the Lords the States General; and Translation: And also,

Copy of the separate Article about inviting the Lords the States General to join in the abovesaid Treaty; signed also at Vienna, the 16th of March 1731; and Translation: And also,

Copy of the Act of Concurrence of the States General to the abovesaid Treaty of Vienna', signed at The Hague, the 20th Day of February 1732, by the Ministers of the Emperor, the King of Great Britain, and the said States; and Translation: And also.

Copy of the separate Article belonging to the said Act of Concurrence; signed at the same Place, and on the same Day; and Translation:

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr.

Ear) of

Carnwath’s

Disabilities

byAttaiader.

Debtors

Petition.

Hedges adjacent to , Highways.

Army

Establish-

ments.

Jan (Ten’s Kfute.

24O

14

Februarii.

A. 1733.

Mr. Earle prefen ted to fclie House, according to Order, a Bill to enable Robert Dalzell, late Earl of Carnwath, to file, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder to lake or inherit any real or personal Eftale that may or shall hereafter descend or come to him: And the same was received 5 and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of John Great or ex, Keeper of the County Prisonof Derby, in behalfof his Majesty’sSubjects, Prisoners for Debt, under the Care of tiicPetitioner; rcpre-fenting to the House the Distresses fullered by the said Prisoners, by their Confinement, without any weekly Allowance, and of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the said Prison, in behalf of themselves, and Thousands in the several Gaols of this Kingdom, and of such as have fled to other Countries, for fear of Arrests, and a mi-ferable Confinement for Life, who are willing to fui-render up all their Effects, in Discharge of their Debts; complaining of several Defers in the Act made for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and of the Hardlliips attending Imprisonment* And praying, That they may be released, upon surrendering up ail their Effects; and that Defendants may beliunmoned, for the future, before Judg-jnent given; and that no Person may be arrested, or imprisoned, unlessupon Refusal to make such Surrender; or that they may be otherwise relieved, as to the House shall seem meet; was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table*

pard, Mr. Gibson, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Whit worthy Mr. Goddard, M r. Bevant Sir James Campbell, Sir John Barring ton. Lord Sidney Beauclerky Mr. Annejley, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Dundafs, Mr. Gould, Mr. Vyntr, Mr. Dcheup, Mr. Ramsden, Mr. Plumery Mr. Attorney General, Sir JVm. Yonge, Mr. Howe, Mr, Solicitor General, Sir Orl. Bridgman, Mr. Parsons, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bladen, Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Fane, Sir Nathanael Cm Jon, Mr. Yorke, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir James Grant, Mr. Cunningham, Sir John Williams, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Gybbon, Mr*. Bromley, Mr. Shutileworth, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Byng, Mr. Walker, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Ongley, Sir Edward Stanley, Sir Robert Monroe, Mr. Turner; Major Sehvyn, Sir John Bruce, Mr. Caj'ar, Lord Morpeth. Sir Francis Child, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Thompson, Captain Evans, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Scazven, Sir Geo. Ca/wall, Mr. East, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Rramjlun, Mr. Treby\ and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Dorset and Suny: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas Bennet, and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming the Inclosure, Division, and Exchanges, of 1 fevqral Lands and Grounds lying in the Common Fields of Wollejilwrpc, near Belvoir Cqflle, in the County of Lincoln: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill to explain, and make more effectual, the Laws in being to oblige the PosseiT’ors of Lands adjacent to common Highways, to cut and keep low, such Hedges as are adjoining to the said Highways, was read the Third time.

And a Motion being made, That the Bill do pass;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 150 die Februarii \

Anno 7* Georgii II" Regis, 1733.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Arnold, from the Secretary at War’s Office, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, The Establishment of his Majesty’s Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces, in Great Britain, commencing the 25th of December 1732. And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Establishment was read. Ordered, That the said Establishment do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Establishment is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for vesting in Sir Theodore Janffen Knight and Baronet, and his Heirs, the Remainder in Fee-simple, now in the Crown, expectant on the Determination of certain Estates Tail, of and in the Manor and Advowson of Owcr Moigne, in the County of DorJ'et, and several Lands and Hereditaments to the same Manor belonging, was ^ead a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Bladen, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Guidott, Mr. Shep's

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors confined in the County Gaol of Lincoln; complaining of the Cruelty of their Creditors: And praying. That they may be released, upon surrendering up all their Effects; and that Defendants m*y, for the future, be summoned before Judgment given; and that no Person may be arrested, or imprisoned, after Judgment, but upon Refusal to make such Surrender; and that they may be relieved, as to the House shall seem meet; and also,

A Petition of the Prisoners in his Majesty’s Prison of the Fleet, in behalfof themselves, and Thousands in the several Goals of this Kingdom, and of all such Persons as have fled to other Countries, or otherwise absconded from their lawful Callings, for fear of Arrests and fm-prisonment, who shall be willing to surrender tip all their whole Estates and Effects, in Discharge of their Debts; complaining of their miserable Condition; of the ill Consequences of Imprisonment; and of the Mif-construction of the late Act made for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and praying, That the House will take their distressed Condition into Consideration; and that they, and all other insolvent Debtors, may be released, upon surrendering up their whole Estates and Effects to their Creditors; or obtain such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet;

Were severally presented to the floufe, and read; and severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The House being informed, that Satisfaction had been given to Sir William Courtenay Baronet, a Member of this House, in relation to the Breach of Privilege complained of the 25th Day o{January last;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Debate of Yesterday, upon the Motion made for passing the Bill to explain, and make more effectuah the Laws in being to oblige the Porteflors of Lands adjacent to common Highways to cut and keep low such Hedges as are adjoining to the said Highways.

7a Geo. II.

15° — 18°

An ingrossed Clause was offered, lo be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, That all former Laws now in being for amending Highways should continue in Force.

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up:

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain, and make more effectual, the Laws in being to oblige the Possessors of Lands adjacent to common Highways* to cut, and keep low, such Hedges as are adjoining to the said Highways.

Ordered, That Mr. Gibbon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Luotting the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

lumber of securing the freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the Sufc ^uni^er Officers in the House of Commons: And fl c* that Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wortley, and Mr. Cholmondeley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1734; with the Half-pay of the Officers of the Navy; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1734, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1734, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines, entitled to receive Half-pay, in Great Britain; with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1734, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces, and Marines who died upon the Establishment of Half-pay, in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th Day of December 1716; with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1734; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1733 hath been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the a8th Day of January 1733; and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied; with the Deficiency thereupon; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

|Wtf0rPe Grderedy That Mr. Burton have Leave to make a Ure‘ Motion, it being after Two of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly7. And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A&, Vo 1, 22.

241

for confirming the Inclosure, Division, and Exchanges, of several Lands and Grounds, lying in the common Fields of Wollejlhorpe, near BelvoirCajlle, in the County of Lincolne, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Niue of the Clock.

Lima7, 18° die Februarii;

Anno 70 Georgii IIdI Regis, 1733.

Prayers.

fiRDERED, That Colonel Mor daunt be added to the Janflen’s Committee, to whom the Bill for vesting in Sir Theo- Eftalc-dore Janffeiiy Knight and Baronet, and his Heirs, the Remainder in Fee-simple, now in the Crown, expedant on the Determination of certain Estates Tail, of and in the Manor and Advowson of Ozver Moigney in the County of Dorset, and several Lands and Hereditaments to the same Manor belonging, is committed.

A Bill for vesting certain Lands and Tenements ly- Strode’* ing contiguous to the Citadel of Plymouth, being the Etlate. Estate of William Strode, an Infant, in Trustees, in order to sell and convey the same to, or for the Use of, his Majesty, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Treby, Mr. Burtoiiy Mr. Earle, Mr. Sc a wen, Mr. Whitworthy Colonel Mordaunty Mr. Martyn, Mr. Gybbon, Lord JVm.

Manners, Mr. Yorke, Sir James Grant, Sir Edward Stan-lexjy Mr. Pitt, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Philips,

Mr. Dockminique, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Mor den, Mr.

Leheup, Mr. Henry Gough, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Elliot, Mr.

Trenchardy Mr. Walpole, Mr. Jackson, Sir James Campbell, Colonel Read, Mr. Archery Mr. PlumeTy Mr.

Orlebar, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Longueville, Lord Vere Beauclerky Sir Nathanael Curzon, Colonel Onjlozo, Mr.

Gregory, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Tufnelly Sir Roger Brad-Jhaighy Mr. Bacon, Mr. Turnery Lord Sidney Beauclerky Mr. Croffcy Lord Morpethy Mr. Worthy, Mr. Hedworth,

General Wade, Mr. Drew, Mr. ReynelU Mr. Palmer9 Lord Egmont, Mr. Lyfiery Mr. Life, Mr. Crispc, Mr.

Hay; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Masters and Workmen in the Wool- Running of len Manufacture in the Borough of Leicester, in the Woo,> County of Leieejlery was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, in which foreign Nations may become our Rivals; occasioned, as the Petitioners apprehend, 1. By the Running of great Quantities of Wool from Great Britain and Breland to foreign Parts, without which, Foreigners could not work up their own Wool; 2. By the Exportation of great Quantities of W oollen Goods, completely manufactured, from Ireland, to foreign Countries; 3. By the Exportation of great Quantities of faulty and ill-wrought Goods, made by unskilful Persons, who, leaving their Employment of Husbandry, and without having served due Apprentice-ftiips or Services, apply themselves to the Combing of Wool, Weaving of Stockings, and the Making of other Woollen Goods; to the great Discredit of our Manufactures, and to the Discouragement of great Numbers of Persons duly inftrlifted in those Mysteries, who, for want of Employment at home, have been forced into foreign Countries, and have taught the Inhabitants there the many Improvements in the said Mysteries, only found out, and advanced, by the Skill and Industry7 of the Natives of this Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to provide such Remedies, and to give the Petitioners such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of 3 Q the

242 i8° Februarii. A. 1733.

the Mailers, Workmen, and other Persons concerned in the Woollen and Silk Manufactures, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, in behalf of themselves, and all other Persons concerned in the said Manufactures, throughout Great Britain, is referred.

Duties on Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this

Salt. House, an Account of the net Income into the Exchequer, of the Duties on Salt, granted to his Majesty by an Act of the Fifth Year of his Reign; as also, an Account, lliewing how much of the Sum of £.500,000 raised upon the Credit thereof, hath been discharged.

Earl of Carn- a Bill to enable Robert Dalzell, late Earl of Cam-

bmties tw*" to fuc’ or maintain any Action or Suit, notwith-

Attaimler. Handing his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter descend or come to him; was read a Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of Samuel Buckley was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner has, at his own foie and very great Expence, and several Years Labour, by the Assistance of some learned Persons beyond the Seas, and of this Kingdom, procured, and made, Collections of many original Papers and Letters relating to Tkuanus's History, written in Latin, in order to a new and accurate Impression thereof, with great Additions and Improvements, at London, in Seven large Volumes in Folio, on Paper imported from Holland for that particular Purpose, and with new Types and proper Ornaments; which Work is now finished: That the A & of Parliament, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the Encouragement of Learning, by vetting the Copies of printed Books in the Authors or Purchasers of such Copies, during the Times therein mentioned, extends only

to the Authors, Purchasers, or Proprietors, of the Copy of any Book in England, ptiblished after the 10th Day of April, 1710; and, by an express Proviso, allows the Importation, vending, or felling, of any Books in Greek, Latin, or any other foreign Language, printed beyond the Seas; so that any Book first compiled and printed in this Kingdom, in any of those Languages, may be forthwith reprinted abroad, and be imported into, and fold in, this Kingdom; to the srreat Damage of the First Printer or Proprietor thereof here; and that it is the constant Practice of foreign Kingdoms and Governments, to grant to their own Subjects the foie Privilege of printing and felling Books, and to prohibit the Importation into their own Dominions of such Books reprinted in other I3!aces j which Grants, by the Confutation of such foreign Kingdoms and Governments, have the same Force there as an Act of Parliament has in this Kingdom; and therefore praying, That the Petitioner may be allowed to enjoy the same Benefits in his Copy of the said History of Thuanus, in Latin, for the Term of Fourteen Years, and no longer, as are, by the said Act, granted to the Author or Proprietor of the Copy of any English Book, subject to the several Regulations and Conditions expressed in the said Act, with respect to English Books; or in such other Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Walpole, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Thomas Bacon, Dr. Clarke, and Mr. Cracker ode, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, that Mr. Owen Davies, \v from the Dean and Chapter of Westminster, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account, shewing how the Money, granted last Session of Parliament, for the Repair of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster, and for fmishing the Dormitory belonging to the said Collegiate Church; hath been disposed of.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

Buckley's Privilege of Printing Thuanus’s Ilittorifs.

4

Ax ACCOUNT, ffiewing how the Money, granted last Session of Parliament, for the Repair of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster, and for fmishing the Dormitory belonging to the said Collegiate Church, hath been disposed of; prepared in pursuance of an Order of the honourable House of Commons, of the 8th Instant.

The following Account contains the Repairs of the West Roof of the said Collegiate Church, extending One hundred and Forty Feet in Length; and repairing the Battlements, Copings, and Cornices, on the North and South Sides thereof; and rebuilding the great West Window of the said Church.

Paid to the Masons their Bills -

Paid to the Carpenters their Bills -

Paid to the Glazier his Bill ——

Paid to Labourers -

Paid to the Carter his Bill -

Paid to the Painter his Bill -

Paid to the Pavior his Bill

Paid to the Plumber his Bill.....- - -

Paid to the Bricklayer his Bill ——

Paid to the Charcoal-man his Bill ——

Paid to the Smith his Bill -

Paid to the Wireman his Bill -

Paid to the Wheelwright his Bill ... - - - -j

Paid to the Rope-maker his Bill - -

Paid the Fees of the Two Houses of Parliament, for the Clause in the Supply Bill for repairing the said Church, and other Incidents -

Paid to the Surveyor General of the said Repairs, and other Officers, One Half of their Allowances -

Total paid on account of the Repairs of the Church -

Remains in Hand -

s. d.

923 l9 3t

667 15

10 11

87 11 6

4 4 —

5 5 4

1 l5 —

458 13 n

9 10 Y

a 3

iP7 3 4i

35 2 2

3 12 —

26 — . 3

102 —

105 — —

£2.551 4 8

£1.448 lS 4

4,000 —

Work.

7 Geo. II.

18° Februa.

243

Work now ordered, and carrying on, as far as the Remainder of the Money, granted by Parliament, will go, in repairing the North and South Flats; and finishing the Battlements on the South Side; and making good the Stone-work over the West Window.

For Carpenters Work -

For Plumbers Work - For Masons Work -

For Smith, Glazier, Wireman, and Painters Work For Labourers, 8Cc. - -

For Salaries, and other Incidents -

s. d. 2 —

19 2

The Dormitory Account is as follows:

it6

168

45*

5*°

60

200

£*>5*7 L a

Paid the Mason in full -Paid the Carpenter in full -Paid the Carver in full -

Paid the Plumber in full Paid the Bricklayer in full -Paid the Plasterer in full -Paid the Smith in full -

Paid the Glazier in full -Paid the Painter in full

Paid the Surveyor, and other Officers, in full -Paid the Carter in full

Paid for the Purchase of the Second Matters Lodgings Allowed for Work necessary to be done in repairing and fitting up the Second Matter’s Lodgings

214 l7 IO

223: M A*

47*; 5 1

44 9 9

1 too 19 7f

74 9 0

24 8 2

2 9 6

1 3 8

21 — —

4 13 4

380 — —

gs 60 11 7

1 1, *00 —

Owen Davis, Receiver to the Dean and Chapter of Wefiniinjier.

February 18th, 173!.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Hugh Williamspresented to the House, according W;c>q. to Order, a Bill to extend the Navigation on the River Weaver from Winsford Bridge to the Town of Nampt-wich, in the County of Chester: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

ta*of Ordered, That Sir Jufiinian IJkam Baronet have Afe. Leave to g0 jntQ the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Few of Courts of

Joint.

The Journal of the House, of the 18th Day of April, in the jth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, in relation to the Resolutions of the House, upon the Report from the Committee, to whom the several Lists of the Officers, and their Deputies, belonging to the several Courts in Westminster-hall, and elsewhere, with the Lifts, Accounts, and Tables of Fees claimed by them, and also the Lifts, Accounts, and Tables of Fees, of the Officers and Servants belonging to the Judges of the several Courts in Westmi after diall, and the Circuits, the Associates, and Clerks of Assize, were referred; and the Address of the House to his Majesty thereupon; was read:

And the Journal of the House, of the 31st Day of April following, in relation to his Majesty s Anftver to the said Address, was also read.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, That there may be laid before this House 'dial Proceedings have been had in relation to a Survey of the Officers, Clerks, and Ministers of the Courts of Justice in this Kingdom, and an Inquiry into their Pees, pursuant to an Address of this House to his Majesty, in the Session preceding the last; and his Majesty’s most gracious Answer thereto.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’g most honourable Privy Council.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported frottr the Committee of the whole H6ufe, to whom it *as referred to consider further of the Supply, granted Mfa Majesty, the Resolutions which they had'directed Mpi to report to the Holife; which lie read in his Place,

and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same Were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Two thousand Six hundred and Seventy Pounds Five Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half-pay for Sea Officers, for the Year 1734.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out, and become decrepit, in the Service of their Country.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-eight thousand One hundred Twenty-six Pounds Four Shillings and aHalf-peny, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying several extraordinary Expences and Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-five thousand and Fifty-seven Pounds Five Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1734.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-two thousand Six hundred and Ninety Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1734.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Five hundred Eighty-six Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for Paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines as died upon the Establishment of Half pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1716, for the Year 1734.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eighty-five thousand One hundred and Ninety-nine Pounds Ten Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1734.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Six hundred

and

j

244

18° — 190 Februarii.

A. 1733.

York

Buildings

Company,

Punching Mutiny and Dersertion.

and Fourteen Pounds Seven Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expence of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, not. provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Eighty-seven thousand Three hundred Forty-three Pounds Five Shillings and One Peny> be granted to his Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1733.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed'to by the House.

A Bill for dating and determining the Demands of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, and their Creditors, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to OrdCr, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punUhing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Andrews took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Andrews reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when th^ House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Way* and Means.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Manufacture of Cloth in York (hi re.

Ordered, That Mr. Turner have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace of the West Riding of the County of York, assembled at the General Quarter Session of the Peace, held, by Adjournment, at Wakefield, in and for the said West Riding, the 17th Day of January last, and of the Owners and Occupiers of Fulling Mills in the said West Riding, and also of the Merchants, Clothiers, and Dealers in the Manufacture of Woollen Broad Cloth made in the said West Riding, is referred, be now received.

Mr. Turner accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, of the 7th of this inttant February, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof,

Mr. Caleb Jeff erf on was called: Who said, That he knew several Bonds and Notes had been given, to the Value of £. 300, or thereabouts, in order to discharge the Expence in endeavouring to obtain Acts of Parliament for Regulating the Manufacturing of Cloth in the West Riding of the County of York:

That, by a Clause in an Act of the 1 ith Year of his late Majesty, a Penalty of £. 5 is laid upon such Persons

levied, will ruin the Persons concerned, many of them being very poor; for which Reason the full Penalty has Seldom been levied.

He further said. That the Clothiers have paid Four Pence for damping the whole Cloth, and Two Pence for a Half Cloth, till Midsummer last; and that some Persons are still willing to pay the same; but that the Mill Men have refused to pay the Peny to the Treasurer, which they are obliged by the said Act to pay; and that 14 of the Mill Men now (land indicted for refusing to pay the said Peny to the Treasurer, when such Mill Men have received it for his Use.

And it appeared to the Committee, That, unless the Penalties upon the Mill Men be mitigated, the Clothing Trade in the said West Riding will be very much discouraged; and that it is necessary, upon the Clothiers paying Two Pence to the Mill Man for each whole Cloth, and One Peny for Half a Cloth, such Mill Man should be obliged to pay One Moiety of each Sum to the Treasurer.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Firfi, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Manufacture of Cloth in the West Riding of the County of York: And that Mr. Turnery Sir George Saville, Sir William Lowtlier9 Sir William Wentworth, Sir William Milner, Mr. Thompson of York, and Sir Thomas Ro-binfon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 190 die Februarii;

Anno 7* Georgii lldi Regis, 1733.

Prayers.

f\RDERED, That Sir Nathanael Curzon Baronet " have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The House being informed, that Mr. Chocke, from Duties od the Exchequer, attended at the Door; Salt.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Net Income into the Exchequer, of the Duties on Salt, granted to his Majesty by an Act of the Fifth Year of his Reign; as also, an Account, {hewing how much of the Sum of £. 500,000 raised upon the Credit thereof, hath been discharged.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

Leare of Abfeace.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An Account of the Net Income into the Exchequer, of the Duties on Salt, granted to his Majesty by an Act of the 5th Year of his Reign; as also, an Account, {hewing how much of the Sum of £. 500,000 v raised upon the Credit thereof, hath been discharged; viz.

£. t.

The Net Income of the said Duties on

Salt, paid into the Exchequer - 213,981 19 8£

Discharged of the Sum of £. 500,000 raised upon the Credit of the said

Act ----- 200,000 -

Alexander Chocke.

Exchequer, 19th February 1733.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Colonel Middleton reported from the Committee, to as shall not {lamp Cloth as the Act directs; which, if whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted

by

M:

IlUpl

7 Geo. II. 190 FebruariL 245

by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Moil-trofi, and Privileges thereof, for supplying the said Town with fresh Water, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

haishing Mr. Andrews, according to Order, reported from the

teyand Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for DtSenifcu. 'punishinjLf Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That-the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Prmlege. Complaint being made to the House, That William Noble, Clerk, had asserted, in a publick Coffee-house, That Sir William Milner Baronet, a Member of this House, received a Pension from the Court; and that he, the said William Noble, knew the Person who paid it; in Dishonour of the said Sir William Milner, and in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Mr. James Farrer, and Mr. Brudenell Greenwood attending at the Door, were severally called in, and examined touching the Matter of the said Complaint.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That the said William Noble, Clerk, be summoned to attend this House forthwith, to answer the said Complaint.

The said William Noble, attending, according to Order, was called in, and examined.

And then he withdrew.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That it appears to this House, That William Noble, Clerk, has publickly asserted That Sir William Milner, a Member of this House, was a Pensioner, and received £. 500 per Annum I for his voting in Parliament; and that he knew from whom he received the fame.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the said Assertion is false and scandalous, highly reflecting upon the Honour of the said Sir William Milner, and of this House, and a Breach of the Privilege thereof.

Ordered, That the said William Noble, Clerk, be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

limiting the Mr. Sandys presented to the House, according to lumberoi Order, a Bill for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, he House, ty limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Seven night.

Eonning of A Petition of the Woollen Manufacturers and Trades- °°l* men in and near the Town of Rumsey, in the County of

.'I Vo L. 22.

Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Running of great Quantities of British and Irijli Wool to foreign Parts, as the principal Cause of the Decay of the British Woollen Manufacture, to which the unlawful Exportation of Woollen Goods, completely manufactured, from Ireland, has Hot a little contributed; by means whereof the Poor remain unemployed, become burdensome and ufetefs, and the landed and trading Interest equally suffer:

And therefore praying the House to take such Methods to prevent this growing Evil, and to give such Relief to the Petitioners, as to the House shall appear most meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Matters, Workmen, and other Persons concerned in the Woollen and Silk Manufactures within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, in behalf of themselves, and all other Persons concerned in the said Manufactures throughout Great Britain, is referred.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in Debtors Ivelchester Gaol, in the County of Somerset, in behalf Petition, of themselves, and Thousand others, in the several Gaols of this Kingdom; &iYd of such as have fled to other Countries, for Fear of Arrest, and a miserable Confinement for Life, who are willing to surrender up their All, inDischarge of their Debts; was prefeiited to the House, and read; complaining of their Misfortunes, of the ill Consequences of Imprrfonment, and of several Defects in the Act made for Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons: And therefore praying, That they may be released, upon surrendering up all their Estates and Effects; and that Defendants may be summoned, for the future, -before Judgment given; and that no Person may be arrtfled or imprisoned, unless upon Refusal to make such Surrender; or that they may be otherwise relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

1

A Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, Members made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Ma- Qwiifiwion. jetty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the further qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons, was read a Second time,

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tdtefor theY^Mr.^ } , I;.

Tdle, Sfo, U,eN.

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Preventing ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Stock-House, upon the Bill to prevent the infamous Practice j°bb, IIS-of Stockjobbing.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Running of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Wool. House, to consider further of the Petition of the Matters, Workmen, and other Persons, concerned in the Woollen and Silk Manufactures, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, in behalf of themselves, and all other Persons concerned in the said Manufactures throughout Great Britain, and of the several other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

3R

246

Mercuriiy 20* die Fabruarii;

Armo 7% Georgii IP1 Regis, 1733.

Prayer 8.

Debtors A P ETITJQN flf the Prisoners for Debt confined Petitions. \ in Salop Gaol, in behalf of themselves, and Numbers in the several Gaols of this Kingdom, who are willing tosurrender their EflfhQs in Discharge of their Debts* complaining of their miserable Condition, of the Cruelty of their Creditors, and of the Misconstruction of the Ajft, made for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons: And therefore prating. That they mpy be released without Distijaction, upon« fijrrendering their Rliates and Efie&s* aodalfa,

A Petition of Thomas WHiding, Keeper of the said Gaol, in behalf of the said.Prifpuers representing to the House the Distresses suffered by them, and their Want of fqme weekly Allowance*

Were severally presented to tire House, and read* and ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Sheriffs Ward, or Prison, at Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall, iu behalf of themselves,' and Thousands in the several Gaols of this Kingdom gnd of such as have fled to other Countries for fear of Arrest, and a miserable Confinement for Life, who are willing to fmrender up tibeir All in Diicfiarge of their Debts, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Misfortunes, of several De fers, in the Act made for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment Gf their Persons, and of the ill Consequences of Imprisonment; And therefore praying, That they may be released, tjpoa surrendeFing up all their Effects* and that Defendants may he summoned, for the future, before Judgment given* and that no Person, may be arrelied nr imprisoned after Judgment, but upon refusal to make such Surrender or that they may be otheraife relieved, as. to the House (halt seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

in^ro®e*8i^ from the Lords, intituled, An Act ncoure’ confirming the Lndofure, Division, and Exchanges^ of several Landeand Grounds, lying in the Common Eiekls, of IVoikfthorpe, near Belvoir Castle, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be Gouacpitted to Mr. Burton, Mr. Kelfall, Mr. Whitworth* Sij; Edmund Bacon, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Page, Mr. LongpeviUc, Mr. Walker, Mr. Treby, Mr. Hay, Sir James Gvant, Sir Thomas Frankland, Mr . Clutter buck, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Sandyt, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Move, Mr. Stvrt, Mr. Goddard, Mr Gould, Sir Charles punier. Sir John Dutton, Captain Purvis, Mr. Darners, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Arm-dell, Mr. Herbert, Mr, Noell, Mr. Wyndhum, Lord Gallicay, Wx. Toxver, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Bigg, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Richard Plummer, My. James Pel-ham, Mr. Leveson Gower, Sir IVm. Stapleton, Sir Henry Hoghlon, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. St. Quwtin, Lord. Cha*. Gavcndish, Sir John. Barrington, Colonel More ton, Mr., Crispe, Mr. Thompjbn, Mr. Wollafion, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Buzvney, Mr. Wortley, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Yorke, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Earle, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Ccefar, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Corbet, Mr. Harley, Mr. Byng; and all the Members who servefor the Counties of Lincoln, Leicester, and Nat-< tingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in, the Speaker’s Chamber.

Half-pay Sir Charles Wager, from the Com mi (boners for exe-Officers, &c. cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, a List of Sea Officers upon Halfe-pay with an Account of what the same amounted to for Three Years last past* distinguishing each Year; And also,.

A Lift of Captains, Matters, and Commanders, and

1733-

Lieutenants, of his Majesty's Ships of War, made from June 1720 with the times when they were appointed, by whom made, and where: And aKo,

An Account of such Officers, as, from the Year 1720, have desired Leave to quit the Sea Service, after they were appointed to their respective Ships setting forth the time each Officer served on board the Ship he quitted; and where he quitted.

And the Titles of the said Lifts and Account were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts and Account do lie upon the Table, to he perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lifts and Account are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Sir George Saunders, from the Commissioners of the Navy, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, 1 an Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service oft he Royal Navy, from the 31st December 1720, to the 31st December 1733, upon a Medium of each Years distinguishing what Number were borne, and what mustered, in the said Service; and the Saving or Exceeding arising each Year by a lesser or greater Number having been employed than were provided for by Parliament: And also,

An Account of the Condition of the Fleet, as it flood on the 31st December 17215 distinguishing what Ships were in good Repair, what wanted a middling Repair, and what; wanted a thorough Repair or Re-building with the same as it flood the 31.ft. December 1733: And also,

A Lift of Masters and Surgeons belonging to the Royal Navy, that were upon Half-pay on the 22d January past: And also,

A Lift of Masters made from June 1720 to this present time* wherein is distinguistied the times when they were appointed, by whom made, and where: And also,

A Lift of Mailers that have desired Leave to quit the Service, after they were appointed to their respective Ships setting forth the time each served on board the Ship be quitted, and where, from the Year 17.20 to this time: And also,

A Lift of Surgeons that have desired Leave to quit the Service* after they were appointed to their respective Ships setting forth the time each served on board the Ship he quitted, and where* from the Year 172a to this time: And. also,

An Account of old Naval Stores fold from the 31st December 1720 to the 31st December 1733 distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account, shewing how the Money, arisen by the Sale of the said. Scores, has been applied, and by what Authority:

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said. Accounts and Lifts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of Walter Blackett Esquire, formerly called Walter Calverly, Son. of Sir Walter Calverly, of Calverly in the County of York, Baronet, was presented to the House, and read* setting forth, That the Petitioner having intermarried with Elizabeth, Daughter of Sir William Blackett Baronet, deceased,. within tile time limited by his Will; and having ever since, in Performance of the Condition contained in the same Will* used, and taken upon himself, the Surname of Blackett, in such manner as in and by the same Will is appointed and prescribed he is thereby entitled to enjoy the Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, thereby devised, for his Life; with such Remainders over, as in the said Will are limited; and is (feftr^us^thathej^ud hi&Issue Male, should continue to

comply

20° Februarii.

7 Geo. II.

20° — a i° Febmarii.

*47

Dty*

comply with the said Condition, by using and taking the Surname of Blackett; and that the same should be efiablished and confirmed to him and them by Act of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for enabling him, and his Issue Male, inheritable to the Premises under die Limitations of the said Will, to use and take the Surname of Blackett; and for establishing and confirming the same Surname to him and them accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bowes, Mr. Fenwick, and Mr. Carr, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Offices and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

lapioToenb. indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Employments, or Offices, by taking the Oaths, and making and subscribing the Declaration againffi Transubstantiation; and receiving the Sacrament; and allowing them further time for that Purpose: And that Mr. Winnington, Mr. Campbell of Pembrokeshire, and Mr. Sandys, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors, Prisoners in Woodstreet Compter, in behalf of themselves, and other Prisoners, confined for Debt, in the several Prisons of this Kingdom, was prefen ted to the House, and read; complaining of their Misfortunes, and Inability to satisfy their Creditors; and of several Defects in the Act made for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the fmprisonment of their Persons, and of the Smallness of the Charities given to relieve the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take their deplorable same into Consideration; and to grant them such Relief for the releasing their Persons, or make such other Provision for their Support in their miserable Confinement, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Monday last, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to giveDirections, That there might be laid before this lionfe what Proceedings have been* had in relation to a Survey of the Officers, Clerks, and Ministers, of the Courts of Justice in this Kingdom, and an Enquiry into their Fees, pursuant to an Address of this House to his Majesty in the Session preceding the last, and his Majesty s most gracious Answer thereto, had been prefen ted to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That lie will give Directions accordingly.

W*y* The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve kself ud Meins, into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the Account of the Net Income into the Exchequer, of the Duties of Salt, granted to his Majesty by an Act of the Fifth Year of his Reign; as also an Account, shewing how much of the Sum of £.500,000 raised upon the Credit thereof, hath been discharged, be referred to the said Committee.

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 2i° die Februarii;

Anmo 70 Georgii II41 Regis, 1733.

Prayers.

HE House being informed, that some of the?* charitable

__ Commissioners. appointed by an Act, matte in Corpora-

the last Session of Parliament, to examine, state, and report, who of the Sufferers in the charitable Corporation are Objects of Compassion, according to the Descriptions schereinmentioned, attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Charge has hitherto attended the Execution of the said Act; with an Estimate, as near as can be made, of what Charge may occur in the further Execution thereof.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the1 said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table; to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

lion.

Wwer to JOdress.

Ordered, That the Report of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to examine, state, and report, who of the Sufferers in the charitable Corporation are Objects of Compaffitm, according to the Descriptions therein mentioned, which was presented to this House upon the 31st Day of January last, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

The Journal of the House, of the 3d Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament, in relation to the Address of this House to his Majesty, for the Prosecution of Sir Archibald Grant Baronet, William Burroughs Esquire, William Squire, George Robinson Esquire, Richard Woolley, and Thomas Warren, was read.

And the Journal of the House, of the next Day, in relation to his Majesty’s Answer to* the said Address, was also read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pteased to give Directions, That there may be laid before this House the Proceedings which have been had for and in the Prosecuting Sir Archibald Grant, Ohe of the late Committee for managing the Affairs of the charitable Corporation; William Burroughs Esquire, One other of the said late Committee 5 William Squire, One of the late Assistants for managing the Affairs of the said Corporation; George Robinson Esquire, late circulating Cashier to the said Corporation; Richard Woolley ami Thomas Warren Brokers, and Assistants to John Thorny*

Then the House resolved itfelfinto the said Com- yew late Warehouse-keeper to the said Corporation, for

mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit agaiu.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Vot.22.

Ditto.

the indirect and fraudulent Practices committed by them, in relation to the Affairs of the said Corporation, pursuant to an Address of this House to his Majesty, in the last Session of Parliament, and his Majesty’s most gracious Answer thereto;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It pasted in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of privj]ege. Privileges and Elections, touching the Complaint made to the House the 6th Day of February lait, of a Breach of the Privilege of this House, committed against Thomas Pelham junior, Esquire, a Member of this House, be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition

248 21® Februariu A. 1733.

Kunning of A Petition of the Mallets, Workmen, and other Per-W°°I. fons, concerness in the Woollen Manufactures within the Town of Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, in behalf of themselves, and all other Persons concerned in the said Manufactures throughout Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture, occasioned principally by the unlawful Exportation of great Quantities of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland, and of great Quantities of Woollen Goods completely manufactured from Ireland: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to provide such Remedies, and give them such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Mailers* Workmen, and other Persons concerned in the Woollen and Silk Manufactures within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, in behalf of themselves, and all other Persons concerned in the said Manufactures throughout Great Britain, is referred.

Debtors A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors, in the Petition. Gaol for the County of Hertford, on behalf of themselves, and several Thousands of their Fellow Subjects, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their miserable Condition, of several Defects in the Act made for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and of their Inability to force their Creditors to sue them to Execution, or to supersede their Actions: And therefore praying to be relieved in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lieupon the Table.

SuOex, Place A Petition of the Grand Jury, Gentlemen, Clergy, of Election, and Freeholders, in the Rapes of Hajtings, Pevenfey, and Lewes, in the County of Sussex, assembled at the Quarter Sessions holden at Lewes the 18th Day of January 1733, in behalf of themselves, and others, inhabitants, and Freeholders, within the said Rapes, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That by an Act, made in the last Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh, the Shire Court of the said County is directed to be held at Lezves and Chichester, alternis vicibus, for ever; and that by an Act, made in the 7th and 8th Year of the Reign of King William the Third, County Courts for the Election of Knights of Shires, are forbid to be adjourned, without the Consent of the Candidates; and complaining, that, when the County Court, for the Election of Knights of the said Shire, happens to be held at Chichester, those of the Petitioners, who are nearest to the Place of Election, are obliged to travel Thirty, and those who are farthest distant Seventy Miles, through deep and almost impassable Roads, at a great Expence, and Loss of Time: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to oblige the Sheriff of the County of Sujfox, at the Request of any one Candidate, to adjourn the Poll, at the Election of Knights of the Shire for the said County, from Chichester to l^wes, and from Lezves to Chichester, vice verj'd, or to relieve them in such other manner, as to the House shall seem most meet and convenient.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Debtors A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the

Petition. County Gaol of Stafford, in behalf of themselves, and Numbers of others in the Goals of this Kingdom, and of such as have fled to other Countries for fear of Arrest, and a miserable Confinement for Life, who are willing to surrender up all their Effects in Discharge of their Debts, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their miserable Condition, of several Defects in the Act made for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and of the ill Consequences of Imprisonment: And therefore praying, That they may be released upon surrendering up all their Effects; and that Defendants for the future may be summoned before Judgment given; and that i-r

no Person may be arrested or imprisoned, after Judgment, unless upon Refusal to make such Surrender; or that they may be otherwise relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thurston, and Mr. Edzvards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill for continuing the duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Duties Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; Ma,t* and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Malt,

Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-four; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, and Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, without any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Buttne^ to naturalize Matthew Buttner, and John Lewis Kra- Sec. Sit! guelius, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords defii*e the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors confined in his Debtors Majesty s Gaol at Reading, in and for the County of Petition Berks, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands in the several Gaols of this Kingdom, and of those who have fled to other Countries to avoid perishing in Prison, was presented to the House, and read; com-" plaining of their miserable Condition, and of several Defects in the Act made for Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons: And therefore praying, That, upon surrendering up all their Estates and Effects, they may be released from all their Creditors; or that they may be otherwise relieved, as-the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Buttnei Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, inti- &c.N tuled, An Act to naturalize Matthew Buttner and John Lewis Kraguelius: And the said Amendments were read; arid are as follow; viz.

Press 1. L. 6. Leave out " and

L. 8. After " Germany" insert <s Andrew " Collee Du Caret, and James Collet Du Car el. Sons of " James Collet Du Caret, by Mary Jane his Wife, born " at Paris; Isaac Correjolles, Son of Jacques Correjolles u by Mary his Wife, born at Rotterdam; John Adolph <c Schroder, Son of Caspar Schroder, by Anne Catherine " his Wife, born at Bielf eld in Germany; Peter Duportly Son of John Dupont, by Mary his Wife, born " at Rouen in Normandy; Henry Riefenbeck, Son of " Henry Riefenbeck, by Regina Margreta his Wife,

" born at Of nab ruck in Westphalia; an & Jacob Reinhold. Son of Jacob Reinhold, by Catherine his Wife,

" born at Mofca

L. 20. Leave out c< and and, in the same Line, after " Kraguelius" insert u Andrew Collet Du " Card, James Collet Du Caret, Isaac Correjolles,

" John Adolph Schroder, Peter Dupont, Henry Riefaibeck, and Jacob Reinhold

L. 33. Leave out " and L. 34. After " Kragueliusinfert " Andrew w Collet Du Caret, James Coltet Du Card, Isaac " Correjolles, John Adolph Schroder, Peter Dupont,

" Henry Riefenbeck, and Jacob Reinhold."

Pr. 2. L. 23. Leave out " and

L. 24. After w Kraguelius" insert " Andrew " Coltet Du Card, James Coltet Du Caret, Isaac " Correjoles, John Adolph Schroder, Peter Dupont,

" Henry Riefenbeck, and Jacob Re inhold L. 34. Leave out " and L. 35. After " Kraguelius'* insert c< Andrew u Coltet Du Card9 James Coltet Du Card, Isaac u Correjolles, John Adolph Schroder, Peter Dupont,

" Henry Riefenbeck, and Jacob Reinhold

h\

7 Geo. II.

2i° — 22°

In the Title of the Bill.

L. 2. Leave out " and ;" ai^d, at the End of the Title, add <c and others."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Crosse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

indMcans ^iar^€s Turner, according to Order, reported n ‘c from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the several Duties on Salt, and also on Red and White Herrings, delivered out for home Consumption; which, by an Act of the Fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, were revived, and granted to his Majesty, until the 25th Day of March j 735, be further continued and granted to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from the 24 th Day of March 1734 to the 25th Day of March 1742.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was,

Son the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the )use.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Doddington, Sir George Oxenden, Mr. Clayton, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr.

Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Edward Walpole, Mr. Tilfon, and Mr. Keif a I, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

African A Petition of the Royal African Company of England tympany, being offered to be presented to the House j

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That his Majesty, being informed of the Contents of the said Petition, had been pleased to command him to acquaint this House, That his Majesty recommends the Prayer of the said Petition to their Consideration.

Then the said Petition waspresented to the House, and read; alleging, that this House having, in the last Session, upon full Examination and Co nfi derat ion of the Trade to Africa, granted the Sum of £. 10,000 towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements belonging to the said Company, the said Sum hath been applied accordingly; and, it having appeared to the House, that the said Forts and Settlements cartnot be supported, and the Trade preserved, without the Aid of Parliament; therefore praying, That such farther Provision may be made in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the Royal Africa^-Company of England do lay before this House the Establishment for their several Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, with the Charges thereof, for the Year 1733; distinguishing how much of the same is on the Account of Trade, and how much for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Forts and Settlements; and also qn Account how the Money, grauted in the last Session of Parliament towards the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, hath been disposed of.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charges of the Royal African Company of England, for the Maintenance of the several British Forts and Settlements belonging to the said Company, 011 the Coast of Africa, for the Year 1734, be laid before this House.

Renting

Stock- The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Jobbing, VoL. 22.

249

a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent the infamous Practice of Stockjobbing.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Rushout took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Rushout reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, this Afternoon, at Three Quarters of an Hour after Two of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day, for the House to resolve Running itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider w°01, further of the Petition of the Matters, Workmen, and other Persons, concerned in the Woollen and Silk Manufactures within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, in behalf of themselves, and all other Persons concerned in the said Manufactures throughout Great Britain; and of the several other Petitions referred to the said Committee; was read.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, p . An. . Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: To BmT

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers; and that his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to One puulick and One private Bill following; viz.

An Act for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum,

Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for grauting to his Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred Thirty-four; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, and Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed:

An Act to naturalize John Matthexo Buttner, John Letvis Kraguelius, and others.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into preventing a Committee of the whole House, to consider further Stock of the Bill to prevent the infamous Practice of Stock- jobbing, jobbing.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair

Sir John Rushout took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refurhed the Chair.

Sir John Rushout reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the said Bill; and . had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 2 die Februarii;

Anno 70 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1733.

Prayers.

OI|R Francis Child reported from the Committee, to Highgat* Owhom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are _antirtwnp-thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in execution Ited<i Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Third, and the other of the Eighth, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

3 S George

250

22® Februarit.

Highgate and Hampstead Roads.

George the First, for repairing the Highways from several Places, in the said Acts mentioned, leading towards Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, in the county of * Middlesex; and also the Petition of the Land-owners, and Occupiers, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Hen-don, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and also the Petition of the Parishioners of the Parish of St. Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, proceeded to examine the Matter of the first Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof,

The Petitioners laid before the Committee the said Two Acts of Parliament, of the 3d and 8th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways therein particularly deferred; and it appeared, by the first-mentioned Act, That several Tolls were granted, and made payable, for 21 Years, for that Purpose, from the 24th Day of June 1717; and that Power was given to the Trustees, therein named, to borrow Money on the Credit thereof.

Then the Petitioners called,

Mr. Edward Byollin: Who said. That, at the time of passing of the said Acts, the said Highways, thereby directed to be repaired, were in so bad a Condition in the Winter-season, that the Trusteeswere under a Ne-ceflity of borrowing a considerable Sum of Money, in order to make the same passable:

And he gave an Account of the Money borrowed, expressing the time when, and by whom, the same was lent; viz.

£ s-

13 July 1717, Mr. John Fuller - - 2,000 — —

28 February following, Dr. Sayer - 2,000 — —

8 August 1718, Da, - 1,000 — - —

3 February, D% Martha and Mary Butler 2,000-----

Total - 7,000 — —

But the Representative of Dr. Sayer was, '

on the 29th of September 1724, paid 500 — —

Whereby the Principal Money borrowed

was reduced to - - - 6,500 — —

And the said Edward Byollin said, That there was owing One Quarter’s Interest, on the principal Sum, at Chrifi-mas last, at £. 5 perCent. - - 68 15 —

And that there was £.405 due to several Persons, for Materials laid, and for Work done, on the said Roads, for which Notes, commonly called Cheque Notes, were given, carrying Interest £. 4 per Cent.; which are negotiable, and paid numerically, as Money is or shall be collected at the Turnpike-gates - - - 405 ~ —

And that a Debt of £. 1,100. is. is due for Work done on the several Roads from Michaelmas 1732 to Michaelmas 1733 MOO 1 —

So that the whole Debt, now owing, is 8,073 16 —

And the said Edward Byollin said. That all the Money collected and borrowed hath been laid out, and duly applied, according to the Direction of the said Acts.

Then the Petitioners laid before the Committee an Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Tolls,

in each Year, from the 24th Day of June 17171 the time of the Commencement of the Act, to Michaelmas last; whereby it appeared, That, for Five \ ears last past, the Disbursements have annually exceeded the clear Produce of the said Tolls:

And Mr. Byollin being asked, Why the Tolls have thus decreased ? Said, That there had not, of late Years, so many People resorted from London to Harnp-stead as did formerly; and that other Roads about the City having been repaired, since the patling of the Acts aforesaid, by other Turnpikes, and being thereby made commodious, Persons went other Ways to take the Air.

And he further said. That, when the Trustees found the Income of the Toll-gates abate, they removed the Collectors of the Tolls from one Gate to another, One whereof wasdifplaced; and the Trustees examined very strictly, if any Frauds were committed.

The said Byollin being asked, In what manner Contracts were made for Ballast or Gravel ? Said, That publick Notice was given, and a Day fixed, for Persons to lay Proposals for that Purpose before, the Trustees; and that they contra6ied for the same at the lovveft Price they could, giving is. per Load, and is. 3d. per Load, for what they had on Hampstead Heath, when private Persons gave is. 3d. and 1$. 6d. per Load.

Mr. Jeffreys mid Mr. Michell, being severally examined, laid, That, about a Year ago, publick Nolice was given for supplying and carrying of Ballast; because the Trustees would not be obliged to take it from One Parish.

And Mr. Henry Bin field said. That he cont rafted to carry Ballast for repairing the Roads; but, being obliged by that Con trad to carry such Loads at so low a Price, and to go many times a Day, the Work was so hard, that he had Four Horses spoiled; and, for that Reason, would not contract for the same Purpose the last Year.

And it appeared to the Committee, That, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said former Acts be enlarged, the Money, arising by the said Tolls, will not be sufficient to pay off the said Debt of£. 8,073. 165.; and also to amend the said Roads, and keep the same in good Repair.

Then the Committee proceeded to examine the Matter of the Second Petition:

And, to make out the Allegations thereof,

Mr. Peters was called: Who said, That there is a common Highway leading from the End of the Parish of Hampstead, through Hendon, to the Parish of Elfirey, which is about Seven Miles in Length; and also a common Highway, not much used by the Inhabitants, Part of the Road leading from London to Edgware, One Mile whereof is in the said Parish of Hendon: He also said, That there are several publick cross Roads, and other Roads, making together 28 Miles, and upwards; which the Inhabitants of the Parish of Hendon are obliged to keep in Repair; and that several of the Roads lead to Market Towns, and are much frequented, except in the Winter-season, when they are bad and dangerous for Waggons and heavy Carriages, although the Inhabitants have constantly done the Statute-work upon the Roads, and raised same Years 6d. others 4d. and never less than 2|d. in the Pound, by a Rate, for 23 Years past, which amounts to £. 1,766. 45*. 3d.; and that the same has been laid out by the Parishioners in amending the Highways within their Parish.

Mr. Nicholl, being examined, did confirm the Evidence given by Mr. Peters: And further said. That the Road, leading from the Flask on Hampstead Heath, to the End of Bur rough-lane, next Edgware Road, in the Parish of Hendon, is, by reason of the many heavy Carriages travelling through the fame, become very ruinous, and this last Winter was in a worse Condition than it was ever known to be.

And Mr. Nicholl also said, That the greatest Part of the Statute-work was usually performed on that Road;

16 but

7 Geo. II. 2a0 Februa 251

but lafi Year the Justices of the Peace, by an Order, directed that One Third Part of the Statute-work should be doue on the Road next Edgzoare; and, there being no Materiajs to be had in Hendon Parish proper to repair the Roads, the Inhabitants were obliged to give 1 s. 6 d. per Load for Ball aft on Hampstead Heath, and is. 2 d. per Load out of Haywood Hill:

And he further said, That the Inhabitants of the Parish of Hendon are not able, by the Laws now in force, to amend the said Roads effectually, and keep the same in such Repair that Travellers, with heavy Carriages, may pass with Safety, unless some other Provision be made for that Purpose.

To make good the Allegations of the 3d Petition, the Petitioners called,

Mr. Edward Byollin; and he, being examined, said, That the Road mentioned in that Petition, and known by the Name of the Cross Road, from the Royal Oaky in the Lower Street, to the Upper Street in Islington, containing about 250 Yards in Length; and also the Road leading from Ball's Pond, in Islington, to Nerving-ton Green, about 850 Yards in Length, are become very bad and ruinous, by reason of a great Number of Carts passing through the fame, carrying Ballad, and other Material.?, for repairing some of the Roads directed to be amended by the former Acts: He further said. That all the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Acts contained about 17 Miles, or thereabouts.

Then he laid before the Committee an Account of the Tolls collected annually for Seven Years last pall, by virtue of the said former Acts, distinguishing what was received at each Turnpike set up; by which Account it appeared, that Three-fifths of the whole Money collected annually, except £. 5, was received at the Turnpike erected on the Road leading through Islington.

Mr. Harvey, being examined, confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Byollin, as to the Badness of the Roads mentioned in the last Petition; and said, That the Tolls collected at the Turnpike erected on Islington Road are scarce sufficient to keep the same in tolerable Repair: because a greater Number of Travellers, and heavy Carriages pass and repass that Road, than through the other Roads; and the Money collected at the said Turnpike is applicable towards repairing of other Roads of less consequence, and at a Distance from Islington; but that, if the Tolls collected there were laid out in repairing that Road, the same might be kept in very good Repair, and the Roads mentioned in the last Petition might also be amended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, making more effednal, and continuing, Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Third, and the other of the Eighth, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the several Places in the said Acts mentioned, to High gate Gatehouse, and IIampJleady in the County of Middlesex; and for amending the Roads from the House called the Upper Flask, in Hampstead, to the further End of Burroughs lane, in Hendon, and from Ball's Pond to a House in the Possession of Mr. Wright, on Newington Green; and the Road called Crofsjlreet, in the Parish of Islington, in the said County: And that Sir Francis Child, Mr. Earle, Mr. Richard Plumer, and Mr. Amejley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, that the Accountant General to the African Company attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, the Establishment of 1 the Royal African Company of England for their several Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, with the Charges thereof, for the Year 1733; distinguisliinghow much of the same is on account of Trade, and howr much for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Forts and Settlements; and also an Account, how the

Vol.22.

Money, granted in the last Session of Parliament towards the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, hath been disposed of; And also,

An Estimate of the Charges of the Royal African Company of England, for the Maintenance of the several British Forts and Settlements belonging to the said Company, on the Coast of Africa, for the Year 1734.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Establishment and Estimate were read.

Ordered, That the said Establishment and Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Establishment and Estimate are bound up with the other Papers of this Session*

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defer- Punishing tion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Mutiny and Quarters; was read the Third time. Desertion.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Andrews do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Land Tax House, an Account of what Money is now remaining in Arrears, the Exchequer, on Arrears of former Land Taxes.

A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Overseers Whitechapel of the Poor, and principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of Wor]j£oufej St. Mary Matfellan, alias Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Parish being of great Extent, and containing above 2,500 Houses, the greater Number of which are inhabited by Persons of mean Circumstances, 700 poor Pensioners, and upwards, are relieved weekly by the Rates collected within the said Parish for that Purpose, which generally amount to £. 2,000per Annum, and upwards: That the Surplusses of the yearly Sum of £. 120, payable by the said Parish, to the Trustees appointed by an Act, made in the Eighth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the Stones End at Whitechapel Church, in the said County, to Shenfield, and to the furthermost Part of the Parish of Woodford, leading to the Town of Epping, in the County of Essex, have been misapplied, or not accounted for, for want of a proper Authority to oblige the Collectors thereof to account for the fame: That the clamorous Proceedings, and irregular Behaviour, of the great Multitude of Persons who generally attend the Vestry of the said Parish, in which all the Inhabitants assessed to the Relief of the Poor, being more than One thousand Persons, have a Right to vote, discourage the principal Inhabitants from attending, obstruct the Business of the said Parish, and greatly increase, as the Petitioners apprehend, the Expences thereof: That it will tend greatly to the Ease and Tranquillity of the Inhabitants, and the general Interest and Good of the said Parish, that a Workhouse be erected in the fame, for the Employment and Maintenance of their Poor; and that the said Surplusses be duly accounted for; and that the Right of voting in the Vestry be confined to such Persons as either contribute the greatest Share of the publick Expence, or have served the Office of Churchwarden, or Overseer of the Poor, of the said Parish: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid; or that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Brooks hank, Mr. Sandys, Sir Thomas Robinson, Sir Wm. Yonge,

Lord Harry Pawleit, Mr. Fane, Mr. Winning ton, Mr.

Whitworth,

Corn

exported.

Calvertey’s

Name.

Supply Bill; Duties on Salt, Sec.

Privilege.

252 22° Februarii. 1733-

Whitworth, Mr. CroJJe, Mr. Boone, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir James Campbell, Lord Glenorchy, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Gould, Sir Jfo/m Barnard, Sir Gm Cafwall, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Jackson, Colonel Bladen, Sir Jo/t/i Rushout, Mr. Famefe, Mr. Goddard, Mr. 6V^r/, Mr. Rawlinson Early Sir James Grant, Mr. York, Mr. Annejlcy, Mr. Drummond, Mr. JFctf. Wms. Wynne, Lord Afoc/ Somerset, Mr. Owen, Mr. Harlex/, Mr, Sevan, Mr. Parsons, Mr. /fay, Mr. Laroche, Mr., Martyn, Mr. Winford, Mr. Lvfier, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Ccefar, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Reyn el. Captain Vernon, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Edwards, Lord Morpeth, Sir John He athcote, S\Y Charles Bunbury9 Mr. Ward, Mr. More, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Myddeltoiiy Sir Edward Dering, Sir Richard Lane; and all the Members that serve for the City of London, and County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers,'and Records.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the several Sorts and Quantities of Corn which have been exported from Christmas 1731 to Christmas 1733 5 as also from what Plbces and Ports, and in what Quantities, they have been respectively exported; distinguidling each Year; together with an Account of the Bounty that has been paid thereupon.

Mr. Bozm* presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable Walter Calverly, Esquire, now called Walter Blackett, Esquire, and his I Hue Male, to take and use the Surname of Blackett only, pursuant to the Will of Sir William Blackett, Baronet, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and White Herrings, for the Terra therein mentioned: And the same was received and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Earley according to Order, reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Complaint of a Breach of the Privilege of this House, committed against Thomas Pelham junior, Esquire, a Member of this House; and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; arid he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have examined the Matter of the Complaint, That John Whitfield did, by the Assistance of Win. Stredwick, George Apps, and Richard Jenner junior, on the Twenty-eighth Day of January last, forcibly and violently enter upon Part of an House in the Possession of Edward Kennardy Tenant to Thomas Pelham)\m\ov, Esquire, a Member of this House, and still keeps Possession thereof, in Breach of the Privilege of this House.

The Counsel for the Complainant alleged, That a Lease was let, of the Premises in question, by Edward Kennardy to Thomas Pelham junior, a Member of this House: To prove which, they called,

William Wilson: Who said, That the Lease was dated the 29th of December last: That he saw it signed and sealed the same Day 5 and that it was then delivered by Mr. Kennardto Mr. Thomas Pelham.

The Lease was read; and it appeared thereby, That the same commenced from Michaelmas last, for the Term of Nine Years, at the yearly Rent of £. 10.

Edward Kennard, being called in, was objected to, as having an'Interest therein: Which being over-ruled:

He gave Evidence of the Lease, as above; and said. That he agreed afterwards, with Mr. Pelham, for Two *7

Rooms to lay Com in, for which he was to pay Forty Shillings per Annum; That he was in Possession, and had put Corn therein, and had also carried out a Load: That, on the Twenty-eighth of January last, in the Evening, he was informed, That his Door was 'broke open, and that Richard Jenner had carried away his Corn: That, the next Morning, he inquired of Goody Kimber, who lived in the Houife, and flie told him, That Mr. Whitfield, Mr. Stredwick, and George Apps, took some Corn out: That he found a new Lock put on the Door; and some Corn left.

Being cross-examined, he denied the letting the House to Mr. Whitfield; and said. That he never declared so to Mrs. Kimber: That Whitfield was not in possession before Christmas, and had not the Key; and that he never ordered Kimber to deliver it:

That he had lit another House near to it to Mr. Whifield, for which he paid Fifty Shillings per Annum; and that he had received a Quarter’s Rent on St. Thomas's Day, being the Day it was due.

Wm. Stephens said, He knew the House let to Mr. Pelham, and saw Mr. Whitfield, and George Apps, a Carpenter, there; but did not seem to do any thing; though Mr. Whitfield said, Sure, they might get in somehow.

Benjamin Wayth said, That he was at the Castle Inn, in Lewes, the 30th of January; and that Apps the Carpenter told him, That he took off the old Lock, and put on a new one; and that Mr. Whi field was there when the old Lock was taken off.

Anne Kimber gave Evidence, That flie lived in Part of the House where Kennard had put Corn, and carried away the Key: That Mr. Whitfield, with Stredwick and Apps, came thither; and, as lhe went into the Yard, flie observed the Door was shut; but, when flie came back, the Door was open; and Mr. Whitfield, with Apps and Stredtvick, were in Possession: That there was a new Lock, but that flie did not fee it put on; and that he, Mr. Whitfield, took away a Sack of Corn: That he was in Possession the Second of November last; and that Mr. Kennard let it to him: That the Key was left with her on account of the Use of an Oveu there, which he had contracted for; and that Mr. Kennard had ordered the Key to be delivered to Mr. Whitfield, when wanted.

That Mr. Stredwick, who used to dress Dogs Meat there, left the Key with her: That Mr. Kennard, on Christmas-day last, asked her for the Key, in the Name of Whitfield: That lhe asked him to leave it; and he promised her the fume again, whenever flie wanted it: That flie said, Have you not let it to Whitfield ? And he answered, No matter for that; I have let it again:

That Mr. Kennard refused her the Key the Second of January last: That she first had the Key at Mid-summer last: That Mr. Whitfield had it in Possession till December; and that flie was denied the Key by Mr. Kennard the 2d of January last.

William Wills said. That Kennard lodged at his House, when a Sack of Oats, containing about Two Bulliels, was sent there for him, with Notice, That Mr. Whitfield had taken Possession of Kennard's House, and put a new Lock on the Door; and that Kennard told him, He designed to live in it himself.

John Apsley Esquire said, That, on the 29th of January last he met Mr. Whitfield in Lewes; who toid him what he had done the Day before, and that he had hired the House of Kennard, and gave Half a Crown Earned; That he fluce advised Mr. Whitfield to submit, and restore Possession to Kennard; and that he had heard Mr. Pelham would drop the Complaint: Who answered, He would not submit, or write about it; and that he cared not what became of the House:

Thstf it was publicly talked of, both at the Coffee-house and the Club, by raoft People, That the House was let, before the 28th of January last, to Mr. Pelham.

Edward Kennard, being called again, said, He was not there when the Room was broke open; but that he

saw

7 Geo. II. 250

&w Mr. Whitfield Five Days after, and asked him, Why he did lb: Who replied, That he was an old Rogue; and, being in a Passion, would not stay to talk with him.

The Council on behalf of the Persons complained of alledged a prior Contrast from Kennard to Mr. Whitfield, by Parole Agreement: To prove which, they called*

John Cripps: Who gave Evidence, That, oh the 30th of October last, Mr. Kemiard and Mr. Whitfield met at the Star in Lewes, and went into a Chamber, where, after feme time, they rung the Bell J and, as he went to fee what they wanted, he met them on the Stairs: That Mr. Whitfield desired him to bear Witness, That he had hired part of Kimber s House at thirty-five Shillings per Annum, for a Year to Michaelmas next: To which Mr. Kemiard said, It was very well; it was true; and that Part of the House next Kimber s he takes to be the House.

Edicard Comber said, As Mr. Kennard was riding by, Mr. Whitfield called to him for the Key; which he refused: Upon which Mr. Whitfield said, He w ould break open the Door; and that Kennard answered, He had better not: And that he did not hear him lay, he had let it to any-body else.

Abraham Harmand said, That, last October, he met Mr. Kennard; who told him, He had Part df Kimber's House to let: The Witness desired Time to consider: That, some time after, he met him, and then he told him, He had let it to Mr. Whitfold; and that the same Entry is to Kimber s, and this*

Joseph Ltavor confirmed the said Evidence.

John Dine laid, He knew' Mr. Kemiard; and that, about the latter End of QEtober last, he ordered his Daughter Anne Kimber to give the Key to Mr. Whit-fold: That he was by in the Chimney Comer, and heard him lay* he had let it toMr. Whitfield for a Year, to Michaelmas last:

That Mr. Whitfold put him in, the latter End of January last, to keep Possession for him:

That Mr. Kennard had Leave to lay Com in the Rooms, from Mr. Whitfold; but, when he got the Key, he kept it; but told his Daughter, lie would let her have the Use of the Oven, when she wanted it.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutiotis; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That Mr. John Whitfield, having, on the 2Sth Day of January last, forcibly and violently entered upon Part of a House belonging to Thomas Pelham junior, El'quire, a Member of this House, in the Occupation of Edward Kenward, and having cauled the Goods of the said Edward Kenward to be removed from thence, and itill keeping Possession of the said Tenement, is. thereby guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That William Stredwick, being aiding and aliifting in the said forcible Entry, and in directing the Goods of Edicard Kenward to be removed from the said Tenement, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That George Apps, by aiding and assisting in the said forcible Entry, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

The laid Resolulions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the said John Whitfield be, for his said . Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said William Stredwick be, for his said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Vol.

Pehruarii. 153

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House according to Order, resolved itself into 21 Ways and Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Means. Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That -they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered That the Report be received Upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven* night, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, . to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read:

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Preventing whole House, to consider further of the Bill to»prevent the infamous Practice of Stockjobbing. J0 ing*

Mr. Speaker lut the Chair.

Sir John Rushout took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

-Sir John Rushout reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amende ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report^ when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That, Sir George Saunders have Leave to Buildings, make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock. &c. Ships.

And he moved the House accordingly. T

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House, an Estimate of what may be necessary for the.Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty s Ships for the Year 1734.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of Majesty s 1110ft honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunae^ 250 die Februarii;

Anno 7* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1733.

Prayers.

Orriplaiht being made to the House, That Thomas privilege.' Herrick, Attorney at Law, hath, during this Session of Parliament, brought an Action, at the Suit of William Herrick Esquire, against Ralph Wells Gentleman, Steward, and Richard IVJlbroke, John Coe, Thomas Hull, and William Trevit, Servants of Joseph Danvers Esquire, a Member of this House, for fiftiing in a Royalty on the River Soar, within th'c Manor of Mountforrel, in the County of Leicester, the Estate of the said Joseph Dancers Esquire, in Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said complaint; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Debtors Castle of York, in and for the County of York, and also Petition.

3 T the

GoO£ 2

Weaver

Navigation.

Ways and Means.

Defitors . Petition,

454

the poor Prisoners confined for Debt in die City Goal of York aforesaid, in behalf of themselves, and Thou*1 sands in the several Gaols of this Kingdom, and of such as have fled to other Countries, for fear of’ Arrest,

and a miserable Confinement for Life, who are willing to surrender up all their Effects, in discharge of their Debts, was presented to the Iioule, and read; complaining of their miserable Condition; of several Defects in the Act made for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the imprisonment of their Persons, and of the ill Consequences

» of Imprisonment: And therefore praying, That they may be released/upon surrendering up all their Effects; and that Defendants may, for the future, be luminoned before Judgment given; and that no Person may be anefted or imprisoned, after Judgment, unless upon Refusal to make such Surrender; or that they may be otherwise relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill to extend the Navigation of the River Weaver from Wimford Bridge to the Town of Namptzvich, in the County of Chester, was read a Second time.

Rejoiced’ That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wil-Rams, Mr. Owen, Mr. Ducket, Mr. Lehevp, Sir OrL Bridgman, Mr. More, Mr. Bevan, Sir IS!kolas Williams, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Annejley, Sir Edzcard Stanley, Mr. Yirke, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Winnington, Sir Charles Turnery Mr. Sanays, Mr. Win* ford, Mr. Tilfon, Mr. Lcwcn, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Trcby, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Thomas Aston, Sir John Rushout, Sir John Bruce, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Doddington, Mr. Cholmondeley, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Whitworth, Sir John Heath cote, Mr. Pottenger, Mr. P/umptre, Mr. Banks, Mr. Bacon, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Longueville, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Weaver, Lord Archibald Hamilton, Mr. Copleston, Mr. Wollajton, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Martyn, Mr. Campbell of Pembr. Mr. Digby, Mr. Corbet, Mr. Shuti!ezcorth, Mr. Mordaunt, Mr. Z/oi/o'; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Chester, Lancaster, Salop, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which ^y had directedriiim to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Tablet Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty the Sum of Two Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised in the Year 1734, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Bem'ick upon Tweed; and that a proportionable Eels, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

The laid Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Questien put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said: Resolution: And that Sir Charles Turner, Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Doddington, Sir Georg# Oxenden, Mr. Clayton, Sir JVm. Youge, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Edward Walpole, Mr. Tilfon, and Mr. Kelfall, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the poor Prisoners now confined for Debt in the Sheriff’s Ward, or Prison, for t^e County of Deton, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of several Defects in the Act made for- the Re-

a 1733.

lief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and expressing their Willingneis to give up their All to their Creditors: And therefore praying, That a Bill may be brought in for their Enlargement; and that they may be relieved in the Premise£, as to the House flmli seem meet, and as the nature of their miserable and deplorable Circumstances shall require.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabic.

Ordered, That the proper Officer* or Officers, do lay Navy and before this House, an Account of the Navy and Victual- Victualing ing Bills running at Interest at Chrijhnas 1721, and also at Chrijhnas 1733; with an Account of the Money which has been paid for Interest, on Navy and Victualing Bills, from the 31 It of December 1721 to the Firit of January 1 733' distinguish ing each Year; and the Amount of the Money due for Interest on such Navy Bills as were running at Interest at Chrijhnas 1733; and also art Account of the Navy and Victualing Bills which were made out, and did not run at Interest, on the 12th of this instant February.

A Petition of the Persons whose Names arc thereunto Charitab’e subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other the Cie- Curpoiaion. ditors and Proprietors of the charitable Corporation, who have not taken the Oath prescribed in the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for Relief of the Sufferers in the said Corporation; praying such Relief out of the Profits arising by the Lottery directed by the said Act, as to the House shall leem meet, was offered to be pro» fented to^the House.

And the Question being put, That the said Petition be brought up;

It palfed in the Negative.

Sir Charles Wager reported to the House, That their. Answer to Address of Friday lait. That his Majesty would be gra- Addrefe. ciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House, an Estimate of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1734, had been prefenfed to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Iioule proceeded to take into Consideration the Charitable, Report of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, Corporation, made in the last Session of Parliament, to examine, state, and report, who of the Sufferers of the charitable Corporation are Objects of Compassion, according to the Description therein mentioned, which w as presented to this House upon the 31st Day of Janizary last.

And the said Report was read. '

And the Account of what Charge has hitherto attended the Execution of the said Act:; with an Estimatc, as near as can be made, of w hat Charge may occur in the further Execution thereof; was also read.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in for the Application and Disposal of the Residue of the Money raised, by wray of Lottery, on the Credit of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the Relief of such Sufferers iii the charitable Corporation as are Objects of Compassion, according to the Descriptions therein mentioned: And that Mr. Whitworth, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Winnington, Sir John Barnard, and Colonel Bladen, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Commit tions be adjourned. of Pmil

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

if Febru

7 Geo. II. i

255

Martis, 26° die Februarii;

Anno 7# Georgii lldi Regis, 1733.-Prayers.

MR. Croncle, from the Cdtnmiftioners for victualing his Majesty’s Navy, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of damaged Provisions, and old Victualing Stores, fold, from Michaelmas 1726 to Michaelmas 1733, distinguishing each Year; and shewing how the Money arising from the feme hath been applied, and by what Authority.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session;

Mr. Turner presented to the House, according t<J Or- ManufV.&ure der, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Cloth in Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Manufacture of Cloth in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was rebelved) and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Charles Wager, from the Commissioners for exe* BtrtUMgs, cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Bri- ol bhiF*' tain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Addrest to his Majesty, an Estimate of die Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships, 8$c. for the Year 1734.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as follows; viz.

to

Navy Office 7 ESTIMATE of the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, S$c. at his MajestyY Yards, over and above what are *prdposed to be done on the Head 6 Feb nvK i ^ear an^ Fear, an<^ a^‘e not included in the ordinary Estimate for the Navy for the Year 1734; prepared in pursuance of Directions from the Right-h0o6dral)le Oji

J T the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, signified by Letter, of the 28th December last, from Mr. Burchett, their Lordships Secretary. OS

Tlace Where. No of Guns.

Deptford, " 80 70 60

Woolwich 90 80 60

Chatham 0 c 0 O vm

Portsmouth 100 8° 60

Plymouth 60

Ships Names.

Russell - -New Ship -New Ship -

Duke - -Cumberland, New Ship -New Ship -

Royal Ann Elizabeth -New Ship -

Victory St. George New Ship -

NATURE of the REPAIR.

Rebuilding -

Building, in lieu of the Bredah - - c

Building, in lieu of the Burlington - *3

Rebuilding

Rebuilding

Building, in lieu of the Dragon -Building, in lieu of the Superb -

Time when to be

Taken in Hand.

In Hand

In Hand

Rebuilding

Rebuilding -

Building, in lieu of the Strafford

Rebuilding -

Rebuilding ..... Building, in lieu of the Worcester

s

: 1

- 5

In Hand

In Hand

For Two building Slips, at the North Part of the Yard, that are much wanted

j In Hand

New Ship -New Ship -

Building, in lieu of the Jersey -Building, in lieu of the Weymouth

[Estimate of the Charge of their]

Completed.

Hulls.

Uncertain July next Uncertain

Uncertain -

Uncertain

Uncertain -

Uncertain -

L d.

6.000 — —

4,397 -

1,600 — —

4.000 -

3.000 -

6.000 -

5.000 -

2.000 -

3.000 -

4.000 -

2.000 -

2.000 -

1,800-----

4,000 —

4,00Q —

Rigging* and Stores.-

& s.

2,000 — —

TOTAL.

Total - - £.

£ d.

6.000 -

6.39?-----

1,600 -

4.000 -

3,006 — — C,oooo-----

5.000 — —

2.000 -----.

3.000 -

4.000 -

2.000 -

2.000 -

1,800 — —

5,505 — —

4.000 -

4.000 -

60,303

ABSTRACT.

For the Hulls of the Ships For Rigging and Stores

58,302-----

- 2,000-----

Total - £ 60,302 — —

pi*. The Sum of Sixty thousand Three hundred and Two Pounds.

James Mighellsr J. Acworth, T. Pearje,

G. Saunders, /, Fcrwler.

Supplied from the original Estimat* which was presented to this Heuftu

26° FebruanL A. 17^,

Securing tfce Property m Decoys.

Janflen’t

Efiau.

feockley's

Privilege of printing Tbuanus* HiAorics.

Montrose

Improve-

ment.

Kara!

Stores.

Geo. II. 26s Februarii. 257

Ordered, That the said Eftiroate do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

Mr. Bromley of Cambridgeshire presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for thebettferfecuring the Property in Decoys to the Owners thereof: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Colonel Bladen reported from the Committed, to whom the Bill for vesting in Sir Theodore Janffch Knight and Baronet, and his Heirs the Remainder in Fee-fnnple, now in the Crown, expectant on the Determination of certain Estates Tail of and in the M anor and Advowson of Ouer Mnigne, in the County of Dorset, and several Lands and Hereditaments to the same Manor belonging, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committeehadgoncthrough the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the I louse; and he read the Report in his Place; and afierwardsde^vered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Amendment was read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, was disagreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingross^d.

Mr. Walpole pres *nted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to Samuel Buckley, Citizen and Stationer of London, the so’e Liberty of printing and reprinting the lliftories of Thuanus, with Additions and Improvements during the Term therein limited: And the same was received.

An ingrorted Bill for inlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of h is late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for laving a Duty of Two Vcriies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Pony Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Montrose, and Privileges thereof, for supplying the said Town with frclli Water, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, ivas read the Third time.

And the Amendments following were severally pro-t) ofed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 3. L. 35. After " Esquire," to insert "John " Et'/kine the younger, of Dun, Esquire, John Scott, " the younger, of Comijloun, Esquire

L. 37. After " Esquire," to insert " John €i Turnbull, of Sfrica throw, Esquire, Alexander Mill, u of Hattoun, Esquire

L. 39. After " Esquire," to insert " John " Fulterloun the younger, of Galcry, Esquire, Robert " Scolt, of Benholm, Esquire:"

Press 4. L. 3. Before the Word " James" to insert " John Erjkinc, John Scott

L. 4. After " Skinnerto insert " John " Turnbull, Alexander Mill" and, in the same Line, after " Pierjbnto insert " John Fullertoun, Robert " Scottr

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Rill do part*; And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Bowers granted by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Ponies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Pint of Afe or Beer that liiall be vended or sold within the Town of Montrose, and Privileges thereof, for supplying the said Town with irefh Water* and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Colonel Middleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir George Saunders, from the Commissioners of die Navy, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Vo

an Account of the Quantity of Naval Stores remaining at his Majesty's Yards an the 31st of December, in the.

Years 1721, 1727, and 1732.

And the Title of the said Account was reai

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers bf this Session.

A Petition of Joseph Wxpidham Esquire was presented Wyndhen to the I louse, and read; lotting forth, That Dame Mary Name.

Ashe., of Tic if ten ham, in the County of Middlesex, de-cgafetl, Relict and Executrix of Sir Joseph Ashe, Jatc of Twittenham aforesaid, Baronet, did, by her lafi Will and Testament, bearing date the 19th day of October 1702, give and devise her real Estate to the Petitioner, and his itTiie Male, upon Condition that the Petitioner, and his issue Male, should ufethe Surname of Afoc, and write him and themselves, in all Deeds and Writings, by the Name of Afie: And therefore praying the I louse, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable him, and his irtue Male, to take and use the Surname of A/he, pursuant to the said Will.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Alderman Perry and Mr. Wyndham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for granting and continuing the Duties upon Supply Bills Salt, and upon Red and White Herrings, for the Term therein mentioned, was read a Second time. c*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to enable Walter Culvetly Esquire, now called Calverly’s Walter Blackett Esquire, and his irtue Male, to take and Name. ufetheSumame of Blackett only, pursuant to the Will of Sir Wm. Blackett Baronet, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Boives,

Mr. Yorke, Mr. Brook/bank, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Carr, Mr. Fenwick, Mr..Anhesley>

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Hilton, Mr. Jledxvorth>

Sit John Bairington, Mr. Packer, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Fuller,

Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Turner, Sir Geo. Savile, ML Shqfto, Mr. Lampton, Mr. Bowles s Sir John Rushout,

Colonel Lyddell, Mr. Cockbum, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr.

Roicney, Lord Vere Beauclerk, Mr. Sevan, Mr. Campbell, Sir Thomas Loivther, Mr. Lovgueville, Sir Ja?nest Campbell, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Ongfey, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Crosse, Mr.

Tiljbn, Mr. Chetivynd, Mr. Ccefar, Sir John Bruce,

Mr. Barrel, Mr. Byng, Mr. Dockminique, Sir Richard l.ane, Mr. Drummond, Colonel Middleton, Mr. Shep-heard, Mr. Earle, Mr. Raxol. Earle, Mr. Harrison, Mr.

Master; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Northumberland, Durham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Navy do lay Premiums on before this House, the Amount of the Premiums upon Naval’s tores. Naval Stores, from the 31st of December 1720 to the 31st of December 1733, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this Interest oh House, the Amount of the Interest that has arisen upon Navy and Navy; and Victualling Bills, from the 31st of December g|ysaaUin* 1720 to the 31 ft of December 1733^ distingaishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Limiting the Reading of the Bill for feenring the Freedom of Parlia- Number of ments, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons, be now read. 1116

3 U And

1

Call of the Iloufe.

Karl of fkirnwaih’s Disabilities by Attainder.

York

Building’s

Company-

Corn-

sported.

Fees of Courts of Just ire.

258

2 6" — 27'’ Februarii.

A.

i73

And the same being read accordingly

The fard Bill was read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

1 The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tel 1 ers for the Ycas, fr \ 191.

{Sir Thomas Sanderson :$ J

Tellers for the Noes *Sir Wm' YonS*> > 2,0

I ellers for the IN oes, Mr CampbellofPembr J 2

So it passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Fortnight, the 12th day of March next.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable Robert Dalzell, late Earl of Carmvath, to sue, of maintain any Actionor Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or Shall hereafter defeend or come to him, being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* upon the Bill for stating and determining the Demands of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, and their Creditors.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii) 270 die Februarii; Anno 70 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1733. Prayers.

Copies of Orders of the Commissioners, requiring the Officers of all the Courts in England and Wales (ogive in an Account of this Nature of their Offices, and what Fees they take r And also.

Copy of a Warrant of the said Commissioners, in pur* ftiauce of a Po wer given by the said Commission, for thd greater Expedition of the Matters committed to their Charge, directed to the Lord Chancellor, to ifffue aCommission to Twelve Persons, therein named, for inquiring into the Officers, and their Fees, of the Court of Chancery; dated the 28th June 1733: And also, Copy of the Sub Commission iff’ued, pursuani to the above. Warrant, for an Inquiry into the Court of Chan^ eery; dated the 26th Julk, in the Seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign: And also.

Copy of the Return or Report made to the principal Commissioners, from the Sub Commissioners for thfc Court of Chancery, containing an Account of their several Proceedings, dated the 3d December 1733: And also. Copy of the Return from the Sub Commissioners of the-Court of King’s, feench, dated the 3d Decembef 1733: And also.

Copy of the Returh from the Sub Commissioners of the Court of Common, Pleas; dated the ill December 1733: And also,

Copy of the Report of the Sub Commissioners for the Court of Exchequer; dated the 30th December 1733: And also,

Copy of the Return from the Sub Commissioners for the Court of Admiralty, and the several Civil Law Courts; dated the 3d December 1733: And also, Copy of the Report or Representation of the principal Commissioners, to his Majesty, of the several Steps they had taken in the Execution of his Majesty’s Commission; and humbly proposing, that, as the said Commission was to expire the 24th December 1733, the same might be renewed, in order to the completing the said Inquiries; dated the 17th December 1733: And also.

Copy of the renewed Commission for completing the said Inquiries; dated the 19th February 1733: Together with a List of the said Copies.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Pa])ers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Tl)p said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.r

THE House being informed, that Mr. Oxenford, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was galled in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the several Sorts and Quantities of Corn which have been exported from the several Ports in England, from Christmas 1731 to Christmas 1733; as also from what Places and Ports therein, and in what Quantities, they have been respectively exported, distinguishingeachYear; together with an Account of the Bounty that has been paid thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

On/cra/, That the said Accountdolieupon theTable, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Sharpe, Secretary to the Commissioners appointed by his Majesty’s Letters Patent to make a Survey of the Officers of the Courts of Justice in England and Wales, and to inquire into their Fees, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Copy of the Commission, issued under the Great Seal, for making aSurvey of the Officers of the Courts of Justice in England and Wales, and for inquiring into their Fees; dated 16th Sept ember, in the 6th Year of his Majesty’s Reign: and also,

A Rill for granting to Samuel Buckley, Citizen and Buckle’s Stationer of London, the foie Liberty of printing and Privl%01 reprinting the Histories of Thuamis, with Additions and xhuanus’ Improvements, during the Term therein limited, was Hiitories. read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Wilmington presented to the House, according to Offices and Order, a Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Employments or Offices, by tak- mciltb' ing the Oaths, and making and subscribing the Declaration against Transubstantiation, and receiving the Sar crament; and allowing them further Time for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Clothiers of Booking, Braintree, Running 1 Coggejhnll, William, Dimmow, and Raine, and Places ad- oo1-jacent, in the County of Essex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House and read.; complaining, in behalf of themselves, and of several Thousands of Manufacturers of Backing Bays, in the said County, of the great Decay of their Trade, occasioned

{principally, as the Petitioners apprehend, by thefrequent limning, and unlawful Exportation, of great Quantities of Briti/hand/r/yftWool, and of WoollenGoods, thoroughly manufactured, from Ireland to foreign Parts, to the great Discouragenjent of their Trade to Portugal: And th ere fort*f ‘ p ray i rig the Houfg to take the Prernifes inJ»o . Consideration; Und toq>rovide such Remedies,; hhd give 6 ‘ " the

__________'

7 Geo. II.

I70 Febru.

Hie Petitioners, as-well a§ others concerried in the Woollen Manufacture in this Kingdom, fitch Relief, as to the House fiiatl seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

Sipply Bill, Sir Charles Timier presented to the House, according La&dTix; to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1734: And the same was received J and read the First tyne.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time:

ChMle A Petition of the Proprietors of the charitable Corpora*

Corporatism tion, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with fmaH Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Intdreft, assembled in their General Court, was prefepted to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have, by the Frauds and Mismanagement of some of the Persons intruded with their Affairs, differed great Lolfes, to the Amount of 400,000l. and upwards; and that many Persons have received Part thereof, on fictitious Pledges; and that others are also accountable to the said Corporation, for divers Sums of Money, and other Effects: That the Commissioni already granted by Parliament, to state the Demands of their Creditors and Proprietors, has prevented many Disputes and Law-suits; and that, if their Demands against such Persons a£ are indebted, or accountable, to them, could be determined in a summary Way, it would be a great Relief to the unhappy Sufferers, and favethe small Residue of their Capital from being spent in a great Number of tedious km! expensive Law-suits: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to ascertain tifti demands of the said Corporation, upon all such Persons who are indebted, or accountable, to them, or any other Persons in Trull for them, or for their Use; or that the Petitioners may have such Other Relief, as to the House shall feern meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Winning!on and Sir Thomas Robinson do prepare, and bring in; the fame.

LcBlc.n’s, A Petition of James Christopher Le Blon, Painter, for k Tipeftiy himself, and on behalf of his Copartners of the Patent for Mtfokftory. weaving Tapestry in the Loom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner having found out, and perfected, the Art and Mystery of weaving Tapestry in the Loom, which is much finer and cheaperthan foreignTapeftry, his late Majesty King George the First was graciofifly pleased, by his Letters Patent, bearing Date the First Day of June, in the First Year of his Reign, to grant unto the Petitioner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the foie Exercise and Profit of the said Invention, for the Term of Fourteen years: That the Expence of the said Undertaking obliged the Petitioner to admit other Persons into Co-partnership, to whom, by Indenture, bearing Date on or about the 13th Day of the same Month, be assigned his littered in the said Letters Patent, upon the Terms therein mentioned; but that the Money contributed by the said Copartners is not sufficient to complete the said Under- taking: That an Incorporation of the Petitioner, and his* said Copartners, under proper Regulations, would tend to the Employment of great numbers of the Poor, the Saving of great Sums of Money now sent abroad to buy foreign Tapestry, and to the Remittance of great Sums* of Money from foreign Countries, for the Purchase of Tapestry made here; but that Foreigners would receive the Advantage of this new Invention, if, for want of Encouragement at home, it should be carried into other Countries: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for better Encouragement of the said Mamttafture of Tapestry in the Loom, by incorporating the Petitioner, and his Copartners of the said Patent, upon proper Regulations/Restrict ions* and Li-' ' Vol. 9*2.

imitations; or such other Encouragement hs to the House. shall seem meet.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them; to the House;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of William Noble, Clerk, in Custody of the< __.o_ Ser jeant at Arms attending this House, for a false and Petition of a scandalous Assertion, highly reflecting upon the Honour of Si r William Milner Baronet, a Member of this House, in Breach of the Privilege thereof, was presented to the House, and read; expressing his Sorrow for the said Offence, and begging Pardon of the said Member, arid of the House, for the fame: And therefore praying to b& discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said William Noble, Clerk, be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in orcler to his being discharged out of Custody.

Mr. Bcvan reported from the Committee; who were Expiring appointed to inspect what Law's are expired, or ne$T-ex- haws, piring, and to report their Opinions to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued. That they had inspected the Laws accordingly; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, arid afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; v

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their.Persons; and also, one other Act, made in the Third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act made in the last Sessioiiof* Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and which are near expiring; are fit to be continued:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Thatan Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, A11 Aftfor thefree Importation of Cochineal, during the time therein limited, which was to be in Force, from the 20th Day of May 1727, for the Space of Six Months, and . from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which Act, by an Act made in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the First Day of May 1730, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, w hen the said Act expired; is fit to be revived.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

The several Clauses of an Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the.

Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, relating to the Commencement and Continuance of the said Act, were read.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed to by the House.

The Second Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Bevan*

Mr. Scrope, and Sir James Lowther, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be art Instruction to the Gentlemen! who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do irifert a Clause therein, for the free Importation of Indigo.

Ordered, That Sir John Barnard and Mr. Sandys be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, arid bring in, the said Bill.

The

1 I

J

%6o

2 70 — 28°

South Sea Companys Bond*.

The House being moved, That a Clause of an Act> made in the iaft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the converting a further Part of the capital Stock of the South Sea Company into Annuities, redeemable by Parliament; and for settling the remaining Part of the said Stock in the said Company, relating to the Bonds of the said Company; might be read;

The same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to remove a Doubt which has arisen upon a Clause contained in an Act., made in the Iaft Session of Parliament, wii h respect to the paying off the Bondsof the South Sea Company: And that Sir James I mu-I her y Mr. Jack forty and Mr. Scrope, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Westminster Ordered, That Mr. Clayton have Leave to make a AbLfcy. Motion, it being after Three of the Clock.

And he moved, accordingly, for Leave to present to the House a Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter Westminster.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That Ins Majesty being informed of the Contents of the said Petition, had been pleased to command him to acquaint this House, That His Majesty recommends it to their Confederation, to make such further Provision towards the Repairs of the said Collegiate Church, as the-House shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That the ancient Fabrick of the said Col-legiateChurch being, at the Dissolution of the Monastery, in many Parts, left unfinished; and, in those that were, advanced so far as to be esteemed completed, being, by flie Badness of Materials, Length of Time, and other Accidents, beoomedecayedandruiuous; and there being no Provision of Fabrick-rents, or other Emoluments, to enable the said Dean and Chapter to complete the unfinished Parts, or to keep in Repair what was already crofted, the Money set apart for those Uses being scarce fufljcient to maintain the many other large and publick Buildings within their Precinct, which they are obliged to keep up, and on which they have annually expended confulerable Sums; an Allowance was made to them, by Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, and the other of the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, of an annual Sum, for a certain Number of Years, out of the Duties upon Coals, to be applied towards repairing the said Collegiate Church; by which they have been enabled to repair the most ruinous Parts, and make good about Two Thirds of the whole Fabrick; but that the Term of the said Allowance is expired, and the Money arising therefrom is all expended; and agreat Part of the said Church, with the Chapel of King Henry the Seventh, is in so ruinous a Condition, as not to be supported, without a further Supply granted by Parliament: That thg. several Sums of 4,000l. for repairing the said Collegiate Church, and 1,200l. for completing and finishing the new Dormitory, were granted in the Iaft Session of Parliament, an Account of the Disposition whereof bath been laid before this House; but that a further Supply for repairing and finishing the said Collegiate Church is still wanting: And therefore expressing their Hope, That so great and good a Work carried on, and so far advanced, by the Aid of the present and former Parliaments, will, by the like Aflifiance, be continued in the present auspicious Reign; and that this venerable Pile, wherein the Remains of the Royal Family, the Nobility, and chief Gentry, of these Realms, are deposited, will be esteemed a publick Concern, and be it length finished, according to its noble and intended Model.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted toHis Majesty.

j. 1733.

prevent the infamous practice of Stockjobbing, was committed* being read;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

The Ordei* of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Supply Bill, into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill Dutiesn* for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, and at' c' upon Red and White Herrings, for the Term therein mentioned, being read;

Re/blvea, That this House will,-To morrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Karl of whole House, upon the Bill to enable Robert Ddlzell, Carnwath* late Earl of Carmvathy to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove der. any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Earle took the Chair of the Committee.*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Earle reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the fame, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 28° die Februarii; Anno 7* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1733.

Pra

Y E R S.

TJrriUiam Nobley CleFk, in Custody of the Serjeant at Privilege — Arms attending this House, was, according toper, on Order, brought to the Bar; where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was ordered to be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

A Petition of Jane Sti'odcy Spinster, was presented to strodos the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner Etlate. has a legal Demand upon the Estate of Richard Strode Esquire, deceased; which will be very much prejudiced by the Bill, depending in this House, for vesting certain Lands and Tenements lying contiguous to the Citadel of Plymouthy being the Estate of Richard Strode, an Infant, in order to sell and convey the same to or for the Use of his Majesty,. if the said Bill, as it now Hands, should pass into a Law: And therefore praying. That the may be heard, by her Counsel, against the said Bill; or have such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner, if flie thinks fit, be heard, by her Counsel, before the said Committee* according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Inftrnction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the feme time, in favour of the said- Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe be added to said Committee.

Prrv$«Crog

Stock-Eb-

bing.

The Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there- Money c< unto subscribed, Contributors to the Relief of the poor dif- for

treffed Palatines, who arrived in England in theYear^og, p^m°^ in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Contributors to the said Charity, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, on the 28th Day of June, in the

Eighth

7 Geo. II. 2 8° Februarii. 1

Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, a Brief* by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, was granted for the Relief of the poor Palatines, then lately arrived in this Kingdom; and that, by an Act, made in the Fourth and Fifth Year of her said Majesty’s Reign, the Personsundertaking todifperfe any Briefs are required to keep a regular Account of the Money collected thereon, to be indorsed on all such printed Briefs; the whole Number whereof so received by them are thereby required to be deposited with the Register of the Court of Chancery, there to be inspected gratis, by all Persons, at all times; and the said Undertakers are, by the said Act, directed to account, before One of the Masters of the said Court, for all the Monies collected by virtue of any Brief, within Two Months after finishing the Collection thereof: That Henry Walker, of in the County of Stafford, Gentleman, undertook to disperse the printed Briefs issued for the Relief of the said Palatines; and received 13,000 printed Briefs, at her said Majesty’s Printing-house, and gave a Receipt for the fame, dated the 9th Day of August 1709, by virtue whereof, great Sums of Money, to the Amount, as the Petitioners are informed, of £. 20,000 and upwards, were collected; but that, before the Collection was finished, the said Palatines, or most Part of them, were settled in some of her Majesty’s Plantations in America, and provided for, without the Aid and Assistanee of all the Money so collected; a considerable Part whereof, as the Petitioners have great Reason to believe, hath not been applied to the Uses for which it was given, or any other charitable Use whatsoever, but Hill remains in the Hands of the said Henry Walker, and others concerned with him in the said Collection: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to take the Premises into Consideration; and that an Inquiry may be made, what Sums of Money, so collected as aforesaid, still remain in the Hands of the Collector or Collectors unapplied; and that the same may be now applied to the most excellent Charity carried on by the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia, in America, or to such other charitable Design, and Purpose, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Vincent, Mr. York, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Treby, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Walker, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Crojffe, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Lewen, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Finch, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Philips, Mr. Dundafs, Mr. Cornwall, Lord Limerick, Mr. Barton, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Archer, Sir Robert Clifton, Captain Vernon, Mr. Carr, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Coplefion, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Wollafion, Mr. Crowle, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Nicolas Williams, Mr. Plnmptre, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Hay, Mr. Butler, Sir Wm. Heathcote, Mr. Earle, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Winford, Mr. Holland, Mr. Williams, Sir Fra. Child, Lord Egmont, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. More, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Mafier, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Toiver: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

r fstminster A Petition of the chief Burgesses and Assistants, and

I vtih Inhabitants, of the City, Borough, and

I c ‘ Liberty, of Westminster, on behalf of themselves, and

1 the rest of the Inhabitants there, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, for the good Government of the said City and Borough; and, pursuant to certain Bylaws made agreeable thereto, by the Dean of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster, and the High Steward, with the Assent of the Burgesses and Assistants Vot. 22.

of the said City, Borough, and Liberty, a nightly Watch hath been established, confiding of One hundred and Seventy Men, besides the Constables and Beadles in the several Parishes and Wards therein; for whole Support, and for incident Charges, Rates, agreeable to the said By-laws, have been made upon the Inhabitants thereof; but that the Difficulty of cohering the said Rates hath obliged the said Burgesses and Assistants to reduce the Number of the said nightly Watch, which, by reason of the great Addition of new Buildings and Inhabitants, ought rather to be increased: That, in Obedience to his Majesty’s PIeafure, the said Burgesses and Assistants have increased the said nightly Watch, so far as they have been enabled to collect; Money for that Service, and are desirous to continue a sufficient nightly Watch; but are not enabled to support the Charge thereof, without further Authority to compel the Payment of such Charge: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give Leave to bring in a Bill to vest in the said Dean of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster, the High Steward, or his lawful Deputy, and the Petitioners, a Power for the better regulating, establishing, and paying, the nightly Watch, within the said City,

Borough, and Liberty, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Clayton, Sir Cha. Wager, Mr.

Crosse, Sir Tho. Hales, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Orlebar, Captain Vernon, Lord Archibald Hamilton,

Sir James Campbell, Mr. I.ongueville, Mr. Plummer, Mr.

Tower, Mr. Philips, Sir Wm. Heathcote, Mr. Earle, Mr.

Wardour, Mr. Tilfon, Mr. Kelfal, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Clutterbuck, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Treby, Captain Purvis, Captain Baker, Mr. More, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr.

Medlicott, Mr. Hall, Mr. Harris, Mr. Byng, Mr. Hay,

Mr.Hucks, Mr. White, Mr. Coplefion, Siv John Barrington, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Fane, Mr. Walker, Mr. Cockburn, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Archer, Mr. Rowney, Mr.

Gregory, Mr. Burton, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Ingram,

Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Lewen, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Yovke,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Dundafs, Sir James Grant, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Heathcote, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Limci'ick, Mr. Alderman Perry,

Mr. Raid. Earle, Mr. Bevan, Sir Wm. Carew, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Owen, General Wade, Sir John Eyles,

Mf. Jackson, Mr. East, Lord Percival, Mr. Wollafion,

Mr. Winford, Mr. Compton, Sir Arthur Forbes, Mr.

Crispe, Mr. Brookjbank, Lord Egmont, Mr. Pelham, Colonel Lyddell, Lord Coleraine, Sir Robert Monroe: And all the Members that serve for the County of Middlesex, the Cities of Westminster and London, and for the County of Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Land-owners, Occupiers, and Inha- Highgate bitants, of the Parish of Hampstead, in the County of and Hamp-Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on stealJ Roads-behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That but One Mile of the Roads belonging to the said Parish of Hampstead is included in the Two Acts of Parliament, One of the Third, and the other of the Eighth, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from several Places in the said Act mentioned, leading towards Highgate Gate-house, and Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex; and that the Road leading from the South End of the said Town of Hampstead, through the Town, to the Upper Flask, on the North End of the said Town, and several other Roads, in Length Seven Miles, and upwards, within the said Parish of Hampstead, are not provided for by either of the said Acts, but are repaired by the Petitioners, though the Materials made

3 X use

Proceedings of Ecclesiaf-tical Courts.

Tiverton; Relief from Land Tax.

262 28° Februarii. A. 173 3.

tife of in the Repair of great Part of the Roads, included in the said Acts, are taken from Hampstead Heath, within the said Parish of Hampstead, and many Carts and Carriages loaded therewith pass through the said Town of Hampstead; by reason whereof, and of many other heavy Loads and Carriages daily passing through the said Town, the Road leading through the same is become very deep and bad; and the Income arising from the Tolls collected by virtue of the said Acts, is greatly benefited by the Resort of Persons to and from the said Town: And therefore praying the House, That the said Road leading from the South End of the said Town of Hampstead to the Upper Flask, on the North End of the said Town, may be included in the Act petitioned for by the Trustees appointed to put in Execution the said Two Acts of Parliament for enlarging the Term and Powers, thereby granted, for repairing the Roads from London to Hampstead, and the other Places therein mentioned; and that the same may be amended by some Part of the Duties to be raised thereby, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Francis Child, Mr. Treby, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Plummer, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Burrell, Sir Nicolas Williams, Sir Wm. Car etc, Mr. Annejley, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Earle, Mr. Bawl. Earle, Mr. More, Mr. Brookjbank, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Archer, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Fox, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Gregon/, Mr. Elliot, Captain Purvis, Mr. Wardour, Mr. Wollaston, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Gibfun, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Hales, Mr. Master, Mr. Lerven, Mr. Harly, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Walcot, Mr. Bramjflon, Sir John St. Aubin, Mr. Guidot, Mr. Allington, Mr. Dundafs, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Potenger, Mr. Walker, Lord Percival, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. La Roch, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Hay, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Newland, Mr. Lewis; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Middlesex and Hertford, and City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend fur Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being moved, that the Preamble to an Act, made in the 21st Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, Cap. 5th, might be read;

The same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the better regulating the Proceedings of Ecclesiastical Courts, within that Part of Great Britain called England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed: And that Mr. Wyndham and Mr. Glanville do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, capital Burgesses, and Assistants, and of other the Inhabitants of the Borough of Tivei'ton, in Devon, was prefen ted to the House, and read 5 setting forth, That the dreadful Fire, which happened in this Town on the Fifth Day of June 1731, hath reduced many Families to mean Circumstances: That the better Sort of Sufferers have not only dif-claimed any Share of the Charities received for the Relief of their poor Neighbours, but have assisted them according to their Abilities; and that the Loss, occasioned by the said Fire, has affected the whole Parish, which hath, for many Years, borne a far greater Proportion of Taxes than other Places in the County: And therefore praying. That such Part of the Land Tax as remains in Arrear since the said Fire, the Particulars whereof are to the Petition annexed, and also the Window Tax, be remitted to the said Sufferers; and that the said Sufferers be exempted from Payment thereof for such time as the House shall think fit,

20

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1734, be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are there- War unto subscribed, appointed to ptitin Execution an Act, Bri«o passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads, therein mentioned, between the White Poji on Alconbury Hill, and Wansford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, called the North Division, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Roads being Sixteen Miles in Length, and proper Materials, for repairing the fame, lying at a great Distance, it will be impossible to repay the Money, which was necessarily borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act, and hath been applied for the Repair of the said Roads, and to raise Money sufficient to amend the fame, without an Enlargement of some of the Powers granted by the said Act: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for rendering the said Act effectual, by enlarging the Powers thereby granted, in such manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bigg, Mr. Pigotf, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Packer, Mr. Banks, Mr. Hacks, Colonel Read, Sir Rozoland Aljton, Mr. Treby, Mr. Compton, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Laroche, Sir Robert Monroe, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Dundafs, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Gregory,

Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Burton, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Ramsden,

Mr. Andrezvs, Mr. Longueville, Mr Leheup, Mr. Corbett, Sir Abra. Elton, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Yorke, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Vyner, Lord Morpeth, Mr. More,

Mr. Sandys, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Earle, Mr. Bevan,

Sir Wm. Careiv, Lord Noel Somerset, Sir Geo. Savile,

Mr. Clayton, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Lezven; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Huntington, Cambridge, Lincoln, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Burton reported from the Committee, to whom Wo the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Ia confirming the 'Inclosure, Division, and Exchanges, of several Lands and Grounds lying in the Common Fields of Wollejlhorpe, near Belvoir Cafle, in the County of Lincoln, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and Hhat the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill for vesting in Sir Theodore Jan fen Knight and Baronet, and his Heirs, the Remainder in Fee-simple, now in the Crown, expectant on the Determination of certain Estates Tail, of and in the Manor and Advowson of Ower Moigne, in the County of Dorset, and several Lands and Hereditaments to the same Manor belonging, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Prefc 3. Line ift. To leave out the Words " the " said

L. 2. After fc Janjfcn," to insert the Words <s Knight and Baronet

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the Housev And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be,

7 Geo. II. 28° Februarii. — 1° 263

be, An Act For vesting in Sir Theodore Janfjen Knight and Baronet, and his Heirs, the remainder in Fee-simple, now in the Crown, expectant on the Determination bf certain EstatesTail, of and in the Manor and Advowson of Outer Moigne, in the County of Dorset, and several Laadsand Hereditamentsto the same Manor belonging.

Ordered, That Mr. Bladen do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Etymon Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for;

Mnies. more easy compelling the Redemption of Mortgages, upon the Debate of the House: And that Mr. Allington, Mr. Guidott, Mr. //ay, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Potenger, and Mr. Glanville, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Begaliting Mr. Dundas presented to the House, according to

"j1D Order, a Bill for the better regulating the Election of 0 Members to serve in the House of Commons for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And the same was received 5 and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve it- Supply Bill; self into a Committee of the whole House, upon the on

Bill for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, Salt’ &c* and upon red and white Herrings, for the Term there* in mentioned, being read;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for licensing the erecting new Refineries of Rock Salt in the Counties of E/Jex and Suffolk.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Tamer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had gonethrough the Bill, and madefeveral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Bland ford Firom Land Ta.

A Petition of those Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Bland ford Forum, in the County of Dorset, who were Sufferers by the dreadful Fire which happened there the Fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, though by the said Fire almost the whole Towh was destroyed, upon the Duplicates returned in by the Commissioners of the Land Tax acting in the North Part of Bland ford Division, the Borough and Warnership of Pimpa'ne were mentioned to be assessed to the Land Tax, in the said Year 1731, in the usual Proportion; but that, by reason of the Confusion occasioned by the said Fire, no particular Assessments were made either on the said Borough, or the said Warnership: That the said Town being divided into the said Borough, and the said Warnerlliip, which is Part of Pim-perne Hundred, the former is mentioned in the Duplicate to be assessed in the said Year 1731, the Land Tax being then Two Shillings in the Pound, £.134 os. ifL and the latter £.62 if. 3d. out of which might have been, or yet may be, collected from such Lands and Houses as were not injured by the said Fire, in the said Borough, £.46 8s. 4d.; and, in the said Warnership, £.30 of 4d; so that the Deficiency, occasioned in that Year by the said Fire, would then be, in the whole, £. 119 13*. 3d.: That, in the Year 1732, the Land Tax being but One Shilling in the Pound, the Sums returned in by the said Commissioners, in their Duplicates, were, for the said Borough, £.67 of 2d.-} and, for the said Warnership, £31 of 7 id.; but that the Rate then made, and actually collected, in the said Borough, was but £. 23 4f. 2d.; and in the Warnership but £. 15, being the Assessment on Lands and Houses not injured by the Fire; so that the Deficiency, in the Collection of the said Year, for the said Borough and Warnership, was £59 i6f. 7 %d.: That a Process hath issued out of the Court of Exchequer against the said Commissioners, who will be obliged to reaffefs the said Arrears on the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That, in Consideration of the total Dell ruftion of the Houses and Goods, in respect to which the Petitioners were returned in as assessed, as well as in regard to their great Sufferings, a CJaule may be inserted in the Land Tax Bill, now depending in this House, to exempt them from Payment of the said Arrears, and for Hopping all Proceedings, in any Court of Law, which may be commenced on Occasion thereof; or that they may have such Relief, and in such manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One Thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-four, be read a Second time.

Vol. 22.

Ordered, That Mr. Walpole be added to the Gentle- Importation men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, of pursuant to the Resolution of Yesterday, for the Revival Coch, neal* of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for the free Importation of Cochineal; and who are instructed to insert a Clause in the said Bill for the free Importation of Indigo.

And then the House adjourned till Saturday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 2° die Martii j

Anno 7* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1733.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Bartold Bull was presented to Bull’s Nat the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was born out of his Majesty s Allegiance; but bath always professed the Protestant Religion, and given good Testimony of his Loyalty to his Majesty: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That L^ave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Orlebar and Mr. Hay do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir George Saunders, from the Commissioners of the Navy Bills at Navy, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Interest. an Account, intituled, An Account of Navy Bills running at Interest at Christmas 1721 and Christmas 1733; with an Account of the Money, which has been annually paid for Interest thereon, from 31st December 1721 to ift January 1733, and the Amount of the Money due for Interest on such Bills as were running at Interest at Christmas 1733; and also an Account of the Navy Bills which were made out, and did not run at Interest, on the 12th of this instant February: And also.

An Account of the annual Amount of the Premiums Naval Stores, upon Naval Stores from the 31st December 1720 to the 31st December 1733: And also.

An Account of the annual Amount of the Interest interest on that has arisen upon Navy and Victualling Bills, from Navy Bills, the 31st December 1720 to the 31st December 1733.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of,4:his Session.

An

Gc 5k

i6\ 20 Mar 1733*

Wollrfthorpe An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for confirming the Inclosure, Division, and Exchanges, of several Lands and Grounds lying in the Common Fields of Wolleft.horpe, near Belvoir Castle, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third time.

Re/'olved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Burton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Manufacture A Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the y Cwr m Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King or lire. Qeor,e tke pjr^ intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Manufacture of Cloth, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second time.

Re/blved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Turner, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Burton, Mr. Scawen, Sir Geo. Saunders, Mr. Henley, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Plump-tre, Mr. JackJ'on, Colonel Ducket.\ Mr. White, Mr. Griffith, Mr. Heathcote, Sir John Hedthcote, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Ramsden, Mr. Bucoji, Mr. Longueinlle, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Townshend, Colonel 7?rad, Lord Eg-. 772077/, Mr. Tremaine, Mr. Laroche, S\r John Bruce, Mr. Sandy s, Si r Thomas Saiulerson, M r. Middleton, M r. Hales, Mr. Ashe, Mr. Pigolt, Sir /oA/z Rushout, Mr. Ailing ton, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Farringdon, Mr. Butler, Mr. Lacon Child, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Compton, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Weaver, Sir /?/-cAard Zdwe, Mr. Odebar, Mr. 7/V/y, Mr. Leheup, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Glanvill, Mr. Thompson, Sir James Loxvther, Mr. Pelham, Lord Tyrconnell, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Afore, Mr. Philips,

/ Sir JF/tz. Clayton, Mr. Mafier, Mr. Guydott, Mr. ^Fm.

Wynne, Mr. Harley, Mr. Owen, Sir /oAzz Cope, Mr. Cartwright, Captain Vernon, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr.

Sir JFw. Heathcote, Sir JFzw. Chappie, Mr. Packer; and all the Members that serve for the County of ForAT; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Laws A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

respecting the reunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others.

Hides* Artificers and Dealers employed and concerned in the several Branches of the Leather Trade and Manufacture of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the unlawful and pernicious Practice of cutting and gashing Hides and Calves-skins, which is become almost universal, by reason of the small Penalties inflicted on such Offences, and the Difficulty of recovering the fame, for want of a more summary Method; and alleging that no Provision is made, by Law’, against cutting and gashing Sheep and Lamb Skins; and representing the publick Inconvenience and Loss arising by such Practices: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the Laws now in being against cutting and gashing Hides and Calves-skins; and to prevent cutting and gashing Sheep and Lamb Skins for the future, in such manner as the House shall think fit; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Laroche, Sir Wm. Heathcote, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Scawen, Mr, Griffith, Lord Egmont, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Vyner, Sir Edward Stanley, Sir Fra. Child, Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Mr. Ioigh, Mr. Neale, Mr. Shuttlezcorth, Mr. Harley, Mr. Clayton, Sir John Cope, Mr. Weaver, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Digby, Sir Charles Mor daunt. Sir Geo. Beaumont, Colonel Read, Mr. Yorke, Captain Vernon, Mr. AJlie, Sir Roger Meredith, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr.

Butler, Mr. More, Mr. Packer, Mr. Hales, Mr. Banks,

Mr. Henley, Sir John Bruce, Mr. Allington, Mr. Wright,

Mr. Archer, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Levinx,

Colonel Scot, Sir Geo. Dozening, Sir Wm. Chappie, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Compton, Sir Wm. Low/her, Mr.

Finch, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Pigott, Mr. White, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Pawlet, Mr. Comptroller,

Mr. Longueville, Mr. Turner, Mr. Campbell of Pembr. and all the Members that serve for the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, . in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Lincoln's Houses on the West, North, and South, Parts of Lin- j"n ^p!<*5 coin's-inn-fields, in- the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners are desirous, and have agreed, to clean and adorn the Ground of the said Fields, now ly ing in great Disorder, and are willing to contribute to the Charge thereof; but that a Sufficient Sum for this Work, and for keeping the said Fields in Repair after the Accompliffi-ment thereof, cannot be raised without the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the present and future Proprietors and Inhabitants of the West, North, and South, Parts of the said Fields, to make a Rate on themselves, for raising Money sufficient to clean and adorn the said Fields, and to keep the same in Repair; or that they may be otherwise enabled to effect the Purposes aforesaid, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Francis Child, Mr. Henley,

Mr. Annejley, Mr. Allington, Mr. Lutwyche, Mr. More, Colonel Read, Mr. Levinz, Mr. Digby, Lord Egmont,

Mr. Gybbon, Mr. JackJ'on, Mr. Thompjbn, Mr. Bacon,

Lord Tyrconnel, Mr. Bond, Mr. longueville, Mr. iMroche,

Mr. Ashe, Mr. Hales, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Compton, Sir Edward Stanley, Sir Geo. Dozening, Mr.

Weaver, Mr. Guidott, Mr. Vincent, Sir James Campbell,

Mr. Neale, Sir Robert Clifton, Mr. Townfield, Mr. Pi* gott, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Harley, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr.

Vyner, Lord Wm. Manners, Sir John Bruce, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Banks, Mr. Ramsden, Mr. Hilton, Mr. Lacon Child, Mr. Lyjler, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Mr. Drummond,

Mr. Winford, Mr. King, Sir Edward Dering, Captain Veinion, Mr. Allington, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Duckett,

Mr. Burton, Mr. Hay, Mr. Verney, Mr. Leheup, Mr.

Turner, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Campbell of Pembr. Mr. Fa* zackerley, Mr. Hope; and all the Members that serve for the County of Middlesex, and City of Westminster;

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of Bab, the City of Coventry, was presented to the House, and Chur read; setting forth, That the said City is of a large Ex- Cove tent, and very populous, and hath only Two Parish Churches, which will not commodiously contain One-half of the Inhabitants of the said City, and Suburbs thereof:

That the Petitioners are seised of the Church of Bablake, with the Cemetery and Appurtenances thereof, which may be fitted for Divine Worship, and used as a Parish Church for One of the Wards of the said City called Spon-street Ward, lying within the Parish of Si. Michaels there: And that certain pious Benefactions are already given towards the Maintenance of a Minister officiating the rein, whenever the same shall be made parochial; and that, for promoting the publick Worship of God within the said City, and for making Satisfaction for such Damage as may have accrued to the Estate heretofore conveyed to the Petitioners, in Trust, for the Benefit of the

7 Geo. II. 2° Martii. 5

free Grammar School within the said City, by any former Alienations of any Part thereof, and for avoiding any further Suit upon the Information filed in Trinity Term, in the Second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, in the Court of Exchequer, at the Relation of Edward Jack fan. Clerk, the present Matter of the said School, for a Discovery of, and a Relief against, such Alienations, the Petitioners have agreed to part with their Interest in the said Church of Bablake, for the Benefit of the said School; and that the Matter and U/her thereof, for the Time being, whom it is their undoubted Right to appoint, may be Rector and Lecturer of the said Church, by which means the Income of the said Matter and Usher will be augmented, and their Places become worth the Acceptance of Persons of Learning and Merit: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, saving to the present Incumbent of St. Michaels aforesaid, all his Tythes and Dues for so long time as he shall continue incumbent there.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Wiling A Petition of the Bailiff, Constable, Freeholders, and ifCoro. other Inhabitants of the ancient Borough of Haslemere, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; set.ting forth. That divers Millers, and Meal-men, who have engrossed the greatest Part of the Corn Trade near the said Borough, have, within Twelve Months last pall, secretly bought great Quantities of Corn by small Samples, refuting to buy such as hath been pitched in open Market; whereby the Tolls of the said Borough, which are applied towards the Maintenance of the many poor Inhabitants thereof, have been greatly reduced, and the Trade thereof hath been almost intirely loft*, and that these illegal Practices have, of late Years, been carried on in divers Parts of England, by Millers and Mealmen combining to fix the Price and Measure of Corn, and compelling the Farmers to carry the same to their Houses, whereby the Trade of several considerable Market Towns hath been destroyed, the Laws made for punishing Regrators, Forestallers, and Engrossers, being become obsolete, or the Execution thereof being attended with great Expence and Difficulty: And therefore praying Leave to bring in a Bill for making the said Laws more effectual to prevent such Practices for the future, or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved in the Premises, as to the House iliail seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-(ideration of a Committee: And that they do examine I lie Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Burrell, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Sundys, Sir John Rufhout, Colonel Ready Mr. Child, Mr. AnncJlexj, Mr. Townshend\ Mr. Burton, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Vyner, Lord Tyrconncl, Mr. More, Mr. Jackfony Sir IVm. Yonge, Mr. Scazven, Colonel Onslow, Sir John Heathcote, Sir Thomas Sanderfony Mr. Jejjbp, Mr* Hay, Sir John Cope, Sir Richard Lane, Captain Vernon, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Ramsden, Mr. Myddleton, Sir Geo. Beau-monty Mr. Levitiz, Mr. Thompson, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Yorke, Mr. King, Mr. fVeaver, Mr. Lezois, Sir Edward Deei'ing, Mr. Allington, Mr. Archer, Sir Humph. Honor th, Mr. Lijler, Mr. Winford, Lord Limerick, Mr. Lyficr, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Lojigueville, Mr. Ramsey, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir IVm. Chappley Mr. Gybbon, Mr. While, Mr. Compton, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Vernon, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Bacon, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Scrope9 Mr. Banks, Mr. Glanville; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Surrey, Somerset, Lincoln, Norfolk, Suffolk, and York: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Abuses by Salesmen, in the Buying and Selling of Cattle; and report . Yol. 22.

what shall appear to them, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Bandal Macdonel Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, in the Year 1728, entered upon, and hath ever since enjoyed, the Profits of certain Lands in the Kingdom of Ireland, as next Remainder Man in Tail Male, under the Limitations of Articles made the Eighth Day of Januazy 1686, on the Marriage of his Father Randal Macdonel Esquire; which Lands, subject to the said Limitations, were, by Letters Patent of the same Date granted to the Trustees, in the said Articles named, by his late Majesty King James the Second; upon whose Abdication the Petitioner's said Father, being One of his menial Servants, followed him into France, and thereby incurred an Outlawry for High Treason; in consequence whereof, by an Act, made in the 1 ith and 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, all his Estates were vetted in Trustees, in the said Act named, for the Purposes therein mentioned, by whose Decree, upon a Claim made the 5th Day of March 1701, by the Petitioner's Mother, on the behalf of her Children, the Remainders in Tail, limited by the said Articles, were finally and conclu-fively established: That by a private Art of Parliament, made in the First Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Hannah Macdonel, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, it was, amongst other Things, enarted, That the said Hannahy who was the Petitioner's Mother, and her Children, should enjoy the full Benefit of the Grant made in their Favour by the Letters Patent of his late Majesty King William the Third, dated the Sixth Day of November 1696, and of the said Marriage Articles, out of the Lands in the said Grant mentioned: That, the Petitionerhaving lately entered into a Treaty for the Disposal of Part of the Premises, in order to pay off some Debts contracted by himself, and to discharge Incumbrances affecting the whole Estate, it hath been objected to his Title, that no common Recovery could bar the Reversion in Fee, expeCiant upon the Determination of the said Remainders in Tail, which was vested in the Crown by his Father’s Attainder$ and that the Petitioner hath not complied with aClause in the said Act, which disables every Person educated in the Popish Religion, and not taking the Oaths, and subscribing the Declaration, therein mentioned, within Six Months after attaining the Age of Eighteen Years, to inherit, or take by Descent, any of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by any Title under the said Art; and grants the Enjoyment of the Premises, during the Life of such Persons, or until he or she shall take the said Oaths, and subscribe the said Declaration, to the next of his or her Kindred, being Protestants, without being accountable for the Profits during such Enjoyment: That the Petitioner hath proposed to abate, in the Purchase of the said Estate, any Sum at which so remote and distant a Reversion could be estimated; and hath made it appear, that hisTitle to the Lands, comprised in the said Articles, doth not depend upon the said Art, and, if it did, his Compliance with the said Clause was impossible, he having attained the Age of eighteen years above twenty years before the tim§ of coming into possession of the said Estate; and that the said Clause cannot be construed to deprive him of the Freehold, or Inheritance, of the said Estate, but of the Perception of the Profits only; and that no Person was then, or is now, in being, capable of enjoying even the Profits of the said Estate, within the Intention of that Clause; but that the Petitioner cannot proceed in the Sale of the said Estate, but upon very disadvautageous Terms; and is thereby disabled from discharging either his own Debts, or those asserting the Estate: And therefore praying the House to give Leave for the bringing in a Bill to explain the said Art made in the First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne; and for enabling the Petitioner to fell or incumber the Premises, as he shall be advised, and fee necessary.

3 Y Ordered}

MacdoneP-i

forfeited

Estates.

o,66 o° — 4° Mattu. A- 1733-

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Highgate Sir Francis Child reported from the Committee, to and Hamp- whom the Petition of the Land-owners, Occupiers, and Head ftoads. Inhabitants of the Pari Hi of Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the Hqufe; and he read the Report in his Places and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House of the 28th of February last, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof, Witnesses were called; viz.

Mr. Henry Bhifield and Mr. Wm. Snoxell: Who, being severally examined, said, That only One Mile of \ the Road, belonging to the Parish of Hampstead, is

directed to be repaired by the Two former Acts of Parliament of the 3d and 8th Years of his late Majesty’s Reign, for -pairing the Highways from several Places, in the said Acts mentioned, leading towards Highgate Gatehouse, and Hampstead:

And, that the Road leading from the South End of the Town of Hampstead, through that Town, to the Upper FlaJJc on the North End thereof, and several other Roads in the said Parish, in Length Seven Miles, and upwards, are repaired by the Labour and Expence of the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Hampstead:

And they further said, That the Gravel, and other Materials made use of for amending a good Part of the Roads directed to be repaired by the said former Acts, are dug in, and taken from, Hampjicad Heath; and that the Carts loaded therewith, and many other heavy Carriages, pass through the said Town; whereby the Roads are very deep and bad in the Whiter-seal’on.

And it appeared to the Committee, That the said Road, leading from the South End of the said Town of Hampstead, to the Upper Flask on the North End thereof," cannot be sufficiently amended, and so kept, unless some other Provision be made for that Purpose.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for explaining, making more effectual, and continuing Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Third, and the other of the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the several Places in the said Acts mentioned, to Highgate Gatehouse, and Hampstead, in the County of Middlefer, and for amending the Roads from the House called the Upper Flask, in Hampstead, to the further End of Bur rough-lane, in Hendon, and from Ball's Pond to a House in the Possession of Mr. Wright, on Newington Green, and the Road called CroJs-Jlrect, in the Par if] 1 oflftington, in the said County, that they , do make Provision, in the said Bill, for repairing the

Road leading from the South End of the said Town of Hampstead to the said Upper Flask.

Redemption Mr. Ailing ton presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for the more easy compelling the Rc-ortgag«s. (|emption of Mortgages: And the same was received; and read the First time.

- BeJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the said Bill he printed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lima,40 dieMartii;

Anno 70 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1733.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill to enable Robert Dalzell, late Earl Earl of of Carnival h, to sue, or. maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any byAuaiiultr Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable Robert Dalzell, late Earl of Cam-zvath, to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him.

Ordered, That Mr. Earle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for grantingan Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Supply Bill; Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of Land Tax. the Year 1734, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day, for thelloufe to resolve itself Supply, into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it stood on the 31st December 1733, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also reported from the said Committee, That they haddirected him to move the House,

That a Committee be appointed to inquire into the State of the Debt of the Navy, and the Causes thereof:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That a Committee Katy be appointed to inquire into the State of the Debt of the Navy, and the Causes thereof;

And it is referred to Mr. Earle, Colonel Bladen, Mr.

Winning ton, Mr. Fox, Mr. Pulteney, Sir John Rushout,

Mr. Pelham, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. H. Pulteney, Sir Wm. Strickland, the Mailer of the Rolls, Mr. Whitworth, Mr.

Leheup, Mr. Campbell, Mr Treby, Mr. Conduit, Colonel Cope, Mr. jFane, Mr. Danvers, Sir Geo. Saunders, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Cockburn, Mr. Burton, Mr. Andrews,

Sir Orl. Bridgman, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Vere Beauclerk,

Mr. Lozoflier, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Walpole,

Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Croivle, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Peirjc, Lord Limerick,

Mr. Corbett, Sir Thomas Saunderson, Mr. Burchett, Mr.

Cafar, Mr. Furnefe, S\v James Lowlher, Mr. Sandys,

Mr.Gybbon, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Rotte, Mr. Bcvan,

Mr. Yorke, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Digby, Mr. Cholmondeley,

Mr. Vincent, Mr. Martin, Sh Abra. Elton, Mr. Archer,

Sir Edward Stanley, Mw Palmer, Sir Francis Child, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Laroche, SwJch/iHcathcote,

Mr. Parsons, Mr. Cornwall, Captain Purvis: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

Speaker1*

7 Geo. II.

4 — S*

Speaker’s Chamber: And they are to fit de die in diem: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all that come are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Estimate, and the several Accounts and Lifts, which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Debt of the Navy, be referred to the said Committee.

Then Sir Charles Turner acquainted the House, That he was also directed by the Committee, to whom it was referred to confuler further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wediiefday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted ! to his Majesty.

Ways The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve it-mdMeans, self into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply Bill > The other Order of the Day, for receiving the Report \ Ms on from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the I gill for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt,

and upon Red and White Herrings, for the Term 1 therein mentioned, was committed, being read;

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Wham’s Mr. Alderman Perry presented to the House, ac-Name. cording to Order, a Bill to enable Joseph Wyndham Esquire, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of Ashe, pursuant to the last Will and Testament of Dame Mary A/lie: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Perry have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock: And he moved the House accordingly: And The said Bill was read a First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Prifilegc. The House being informed, that Satisfaction bad been given to Joseph Danvers Esquire, a Member of this House, in relation to the Breach of Previlege complained of the 25th Day of February last;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

Ommittee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and

Privileges. Elections be adjourned.

Martii

67

Martis, die Martii;

Money col- Ordered, That the Lord Tyrconnell, Mr. Sloper, Co-

iedodfor lonel Lyddell, Mr. Burrard, Lord Grimston, Mr. IVII-hhei°fthe /jamSj Colonel Pitt, Mr. Ward, Mr. Alderman Par]bus. My. Page, Mr. Tufnell, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Rawl. Earle, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Danvers, Sir Francis Drake, Captain Evans, Mr. Digby, Mr. Cornwall, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Crispe, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Ncio-land, Mr. Burton, Lord Morpeth, Sir Cha. Wager, Mr.

' Brookjbank, Mr. Finch, Mr. Peirfe, Mr. Scrope, Sir Abra, Ellen, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Harley, Mr. IVinning ton. Sir Jof, Eyles, Mr. WalierPlummer, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Byng, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Femcick, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Hope, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Lewis, Sir Thomas Aston, Lord Vtre Beau clerk, Mr. Bozves, Mr. Sdzvyn, Mr. Imven, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Contributors for the Relief of the dif-tressed Palatines, who arrived in England in the Year 1709, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Contributors to the said Charity, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Niue of the Clock.

Vol. 22.

Anno 70 Georgii IIdi Regist 1733.

IPr AYERS.

Mil. Treby reported from the Committee, to whotii stTode’s the Bill for vesting certain Lands and Tene- Eftat*. ments lying contiguous to the Citadel of Plymouth, being the Estate of William Strode, an Infant, in Trustees, in order to sell and convey the same to or for the Use of his Majesty, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Jane Strode, Spinster, was referred; That the Committee had heard the Petitioner, by her Coun-fel, according to the Prayer of her Petition; and had also heard Counsel, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Orlebar presented to the House, according to Bull’d Nat. Order, a Bill to naturalize Bartold Bull: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

Mr. Bigg reported from the Committee, to whom Royston, the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto See. Roads, subscribed, appointed to put in Execution anvACt, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, between the White Poll on Alcon-bury Hill, and Wansford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, called the North Division, was referred.

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directeu him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, have examined the Matter of the said Petition:

To prove the Allegations whereof,

The Act of Parliament, mentioned in the Petition, was laid before the Committee; which Ad recitesTwo former Acts of Parliament, pasted for repairing the said Roads; takes notice of the Powers wanting to complete the same; and divides the said Roads into Three Divisions; appoints separate Trustees for each Division; and grants several Tolls to be taken separately therein:

Then,

Mr. Robert Michell was examined: Who said, That he is Clerk to the Commissioners appointed to put the said ACtin execution for the North Division of the said Roads; which Roads being very ruinous, the Trustees were under a Neceftity of borrowing, on the Credit of the Tolls, several Sums, amounting to Ore thousand Pounds; which hath all been expended in Repairs, and is now due and owing; and, unless further Provisions are. made, the said Roads cannot, by the Tolls already granted, be repaired, or the Money advanced be repaid.

Mr. John Beale, being also examined, said, That these Roads are Sixteen Miles, or thereabouts, in Length, Six Miles whereof have been repaired; but the remaining Parts are still very dangerous and bad, efprcially Three Miles thereof; and that the Materials necessary for the Repair thereof lie about Four Miles Distance; by reafort whereof the Expence of repairing One Mile of the said Roads, in the last Summer, amounted to near £. So6.

Mr.

268 5° Mart A. 1733.

Mr. Robert Michell, being again examined, said, That the Tolls collected at all the Turnpikes in the North Division produced about £. 400 per Annum; and that the Expence attending such Collection is now about Fifty Pounds per Annum; though formerly there was paid, to a Surveyor of the Roads, £.30 per Annum; and, to aTreasurer of the Monies collected. £. 14 per Annum; both which Offices are now executed by a Gentleman, who is one of the Trustees, without any Consideration, in order to reduce the Expence of Management as much as is possible.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making more effectual an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the more effectual amending the Highways leading from Royston, in the County of Hertford, to Wands ford Bridge, in the County of Hun-tingdon, so far as the dime relates to the amending that Part of the Road as lies between a Place called the White Port, upon Alconbury Hill, and Wandsford Bridge, in the said County of Huntingdon, called the North Division: And that Mr. Bigg, Mr. Orlebar, Lord Morpeth, and Mr, Bigot, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mae<Jon«ir» Mr. Walpole, by his Majesty *s Command, acquainted ^eited the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of ate5, the Contents of Jthe Petition of Randal Macdonell Esquire, which was presented to the House upon the Second Day of this instant March, and was ordered to lie upon the Table, gives his Consent, that the House may do therein as they think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Hannah Macdonell, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland; and for enabling Randal Macdonell Esquire to fell or incumber the Estate therein mentioned: And that Mr. Pulteney and Mr. Walpole do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Secretary at War, by* his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the City of Coventry, which was presented to the House upon the Second Day of this instant March, and was ordered to lie upon the Table, gives his Consent, that, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, the House may do therein as they think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Neale, Sir Adolphus O ugh ton,

Sir Wm. Yunge, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Walpole, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Yorke,

Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Doctor Lee, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Treby, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Bowes, Sir James Campbell,

Sir Nicolas Williams, Lord Ye re Beauclerk, Mr. Hay,

Mr. Sehoyn, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Digby, Lord Morpeth,

Mr. Earle, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Sloper, Colonel Read, Mr. Scawen, Sir James Grant; and all the Members that serve for the County of Warwick:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Porfons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, that Mr. Chocke, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the La House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of what A Money is now remaining in the Exchequer, on Arrears of former Land Taxes.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account wa6 read.

The said Account is as follows; viz,

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of what Money is now remaining in the Exchequer, 011 Arrears of former Land Taxes.

/. *. d.

1693, called 1st 4^. Aid - - - - 83 5 —

17.21 - - 9th 3 s. Aid - - - - 11 5 —

1723 7th 2S- Aid - - 7 10 —

1724 - - 8th 2 s. Aid - - - 7 10 —

1725 - - 9th 2s. Aid - - - - 770 5 3

1726 - - 10til 2 s. Aid - - - - 7 10

1727 - - 17th 4$. Aid - - - 953 9 IO

1728 - - 10th 3*. Aid - - - - 3»i75 15 11

1729 - - nth 3s. Aid - - - - 2.279 l9 4

1730 - - 1 ith 2s. Aid - - - - 6,285 2 H

1731 - - I2tll 2s. Aid - - - - 6,996 18 ioi

Exchequer, 5th Day of March 1733.

£.20,578 II lOf

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Vidnaling Mr. Thompson of Scarborough, from the Commissioners Bills. for victualing his Majesty*3 Navy, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account, intituled, An Account of Victualing Bills running at Interest at Christnias 1721, and also at Christmus 1733; with an Account of the Money which has been paid for Interest on Victualing Bills, from 31st December 1721 to First January 1733, distinguishing each Year, and the Amount of Money due for Interest on such Victualing Bills as were running at Interest at Christmas 1733; and also an Account of Victualing Bills which were made out, and did not run at Interest, on the 12th of this instant February.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the *7

Alexander Chocke.

Committee who are appointed to inquire into the State of the Debt of the Navy, and the Cauie-s thereof.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Pulteney presented to the House, according to m Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in f< the First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Hannah Mac-doneil, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland; and for enabling Randal Macdonell Esquire to ft 11 or incumber the Estate therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir John Ru/hoiit, according to Order, reported from the p, Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent the infamous Practice of Stockjobbing, was com- J

mitted,

5° — 6° Martii. 269

7 Geo. II.

mitted, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill', and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House.

And some Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Holland, Mr. Waller, Sir Win. Yonge, Mr. Lehenp, Mr. Yorke, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Colonel Selioyn, Colonel Head, Mr. Williams, Mr. Bacon, Sir George M'kev.zie, Colonel Pelham, Mr. East, Mr. Allington, Captain Purvis, Mr. Bromley of Cambr. Lord Vere Beauclerk, Mr. Sloper, Captain Evans, Major Selwyn, Sir James Campbell, Sir Wm. Clayton, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Fazackerley, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Chit ter buck. Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Harr if on. Sir Wm. Low t her, Mr. Fane, Mr. Sc rope, Lord Cole rain, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Wyndham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

ming of A Petition of the Masters and Workmen, and other Vwl. Persons concerned in the Woollen Manufactures, within the Town, and County of the Town of Nottingham, in behalf of themselves, and all other Persons concerned in the said Manufactures throughout Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Running of great Quantities of Wool to foreign Parts, from Great Britain and Ireland, and of the unlawful Exportation of great Quantities of Woollen Goods, completely manufactured, from Ireland, as the principal Caule of the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to provide such Remedies, and give them such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

pply Bill; Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from Dutiesoa Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill &c* for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and White Herrings, for the Term therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supply. Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows, viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twelve hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumptre have leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly. And,

A Bill for granting to Samuel Buckley, Citizen and Stationer of London, the foie Liberty of printing and reprinting the Histories of Thuanus, with Additions and Improvements, during the Term therein limited, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Cracherode, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Townshend, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Croxole, Mr. Ilay, Mr. Ixmgueville, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Neale, Mr. Huxley, Sir Adolphus Oughton, Colonel Onslow, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Bigg, Mr. Treby, Mr. Earle, Mr. Palmei\ Mr. Martyn, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Thmpfon, Mr. Campbell, Lord Limerick, Mr. Jackson, Vo u 21.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the York whole House, upon the Bill for stating and determining Buildings the Demands of the Corporation of the Governor and Company« Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, and their Creditors.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Barnard took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Barnard reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleate to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon this Day Seven night.

Ordered, That the Lord Tyrconnell, Lord Grimston, Lawprefpefl-Sir Robert Abdy, Lord Limerick, Mr. Hacks, Mr. gatoing Thompson, Mr. Coppleftqn, Mr. Philips, Mr. Wyndham, 1 es* Mr. Woolajton, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Byng,

Mr. Earle, Colonel Montagu, Sir Thomas Aston, Mr.

Lehenp, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Burton, Mr. Jackson, Mr.

Winnington, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Holland, Mr. IIay,

Mr. Glanville, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Hope, Air.

Danvers, Captain Evans, Mr. Bratnflon, Sir A bra.

Elton, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Lewis,

Sir Richard Lane, Sir Jof Eylcs, Mr. Inzven, Mr.

Crispe, Mr. Newland, Mr. Tufnell, Sir Francis Child,

Mr. Page, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Ward, Mr. Pierfe,

Colonel Liddel, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, Artificers and Dealers employed and concerned in the several Brandies of the Leather Tr^de and Ma-nufadure of this Kingdom, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 6° die Martii;

Anno 70 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1733.

Prayers;

AN ingrossed Bill for veiling certain Lands and Te- Strode’* neraents, lying contiguous to the Citadel of Ply- EUate, mouth, being the Estate of William Strode, an Infant, in Trustees, in order to sell and convey the same to and for the Use of his Majesty, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for vesting certain Lands and Tenements, lying contiguous to the Citadel of Plymouth, being the Estate of William Strode, an Infant, in Trustees, in order to sell and convey the same to or for the Use of his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Treby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for the better, securing the Property in De- Securing the coys to the Owners thereof, was read a Second time. Pioperiy in Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Det°ys* Bromley, Sir Edmund Bacon of Gillingham, Sir Herbert Packinglon, Sir Humphry Howorlh, Mr. Lehenp, Mr.

3 z v Harley,

270 6° Martii. -tf. 1733.

Harley, Mr. Winford, Mr. Winning ton, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Owen, Mr. Walker, Mr. Burton, Colonel Bladen, Colonel Lyddell, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Earle, M r. A# h-dW, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Pmvlelt, Sir John Rufhont, Sir Robert Kemp, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Wyndhum, Mr, Packer, General Wade, Mr. Page, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Morton, Mr. Danvers, Sir Thomas Lyttelton, Sir Geo. Saunders, Mr. Lamb ton, Mr. Thompson, Mr Fenwick, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Henley, Mr. Fo/c?/, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Bond, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Sir Archer Croft, Mr. Glanvilie, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Turner, Mr. Hedworth, Sir Edward Stanley, S'wJolm Bruce, Sir James Grant-, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Lincoln, Norfolk, and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to prevent the Poisoning of Fish in Ponds, Pools, or other Waters.

Calverly’s Mr. Bozves reported from the Committee, to whom Name. the Bill to enable Waller Calverly Esquire, now called Walter Blackett Esquire, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of Blackett only, pursuanl to the Will of Sir Wm. Blackett Baronet, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

[Debtors petition.]

A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors of the Poultry Compter, in behalf of themselves, and others. Prisoners for Debt in the several Prisons of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of several Defectsin the Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons: And therefore praying the House to take their miserable same into Consideration; and grant them such Relief, by discharging their Persons, under such Restrictions as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

South Sea Sir James Ijywther presented to the House, according Company’s to Order, a Bill to explain an Act, passed in the last on ’ Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the converting a further Part of the capital Stock of the South Sea Company into Annuities, redeemable by Parliament; and for settling the remaining Part of the said Stock in the said Company; so far as the said Act relates to the paying off the Bonds of the said Company: And the same was received; and read the First time.

- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Leave of Ordered, That William Gzvyn Vaughan Esquire have Absence. Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That John Hedworth Esquire have Leave to go to the Bath, for the Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That John Bond Esquire have leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Supply Bill 5 An ingrossed Bill for granting and continuing the Duties on Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and White Herrings, Salt, &c. for the Term therein mentioned, was read, the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and White Herrings, for the further Term of Seven Years; and for licensing the erecting new Refineries of Rock Salt in the Counties of Essex and Suffolk.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Alderman Perry reported from the Committee, Whitechapel to whom the Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Workhouse, Overseers of the Poor, and principal Inhabitants of the c‘ Pari Hi of St. Mary Matfellon, alias Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof, the Petitioners called,

Clifford Wm. Phillips Esquire: And he, being examined, said, That there are 2,500 Houses, and upwards, within the said Parish; the greatest Part whereof are inhabited by labouring People of small Substance, and 1,357 of that N umber are afieffed to the Poor's Rate.

Mr. Char let on, being examined, said, That he is now Overseer of the Poor; and the Number of Pensioners to be maintained by the said Parish, for this Year, amounts to 65 1 Persons, besides several Children, who are to be provided for; That the Rate afieffed amounts tof. 2,262 135*. and is made discretional, by the Vestry, on the real and personal Estates; and that, if it were a Pound Rate, the Poor would be greatly oppressed.

Mr. Phillips further said, That, if the Poor were maintained by a Pound Rate, it would fall heavy on the Innkeepers, whereof there are numbers, who pay £. 100 per Annum for their Houses; when Gentlemen, worth 30,000 or £. 40,000 live in Houses of £. 50 per Annum:

That it has been the constant method, in the Parish, to make the several Rates discretional.

Then the Petitioners laid before the Committee, an Act of Parliament, passed in the 8th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the Stones End at Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Sheffield, and to the furthermost Part of the Parish of Woodford, leading to the Town of Epping, in the County of Essex; by which Act the Parish is charged with the yearly Sum of £.120, to be paid to the Trustees, appointed by the said Act, towards the Repair of the said Highways; to be afieffed and collected by Agreement of the Parishioners, or the Parish Officers, or Justices of the Peace of the said Parish.

Joseph Fox, being examined, said. That, in 1724, he served the Office of Petty Constable; and collected the Turnpike Rate with Mr. John Richards, a Diflilier, then Churchwarden, who always kept the Books:

That, when they went out of the Office, the Accounts were not made up; and what became of the Books, and Surplus money, he knows not, but believes Richards funk them.

Captain John Harvey, being examined, said, That he is now Churchwarden; and collects the Turnpike Rate, which amounts, this Year, to £. 122, and is more than used to be afieffed; but, there being no Church Rate made this Year, he desired the Vestry to allow a Month’s Rate extraordinary, towards the Repair of the Church, if there should be occasion, and promised to account for the same:

That, fmee the said Act passed, Wapping has been taken out of the Parish; and they pay £.40 of the £.120:

That the Assessments have been made for £. 100 and £110; but believes there has been great Deficiencies, and the Sums afieffed never collected:

That he apprehends, by the Laws in being, the Collectors of the Turnpike Rate are not obliged to account for the fame; and does not remember, that any of the Parish Rates were mixed with this before.

Joseph Scriven, Vestry Clerk, beingexamined, said,

That, in 1723, the Books of the Turnpike Rate were 16 audited;

7 Geo. II. 6° Martiu 27 i

audited; but that lie docs not remember any Account Rate, had carried their Point; and that, as he came WbHechapei

ha« been given since that time; and tlmt the several out, he was hided, and spit upon, because he was for Wo^,ouf*

Afioffiments have amounted fometinu*# to £.go, £. too, a Pound Rate: That be appealed to the JusticeSagainst c’ and/, no, but that he never heard the Whole was the said Rate; and, by that means, kept the Officers

collected: from receiving any of the Money for Four or Five

That the said Rate would not have amounted to so Months: much this Year as it does, but, there being no Church That, when he was Churchwarden, there have been R.'te made, and apprehending some Repairs might lie such Noises and Clamours at Vestries, that they have wanting about the Church, the Vestry allowed a adjourned into the Church, where the Confusion was Mouth’s Rate extraordinary, upon the Churchwarden's greater; and, the following, the Minister in-

Promise to account for the fame. formed them, from the Pulpit, That that Place was the

Mr. John Dollins being examined, said. That, in House of God, and was not to be made a Den of

17:5, he was Churchwarden, and collected the Turn- Thieves: That, when Parish Officers were to be pike Rate, but cannot remember the Sum affiHed: chosen, or Rates to be made, such clamours have arisen.

That lie collected about £. 8.5, and Screen, the Vestry that the Vestry has been adjourned to another time.

Clerk, had £. r, for making the Books, notwithstand* Mr. Henry Mr. Samuel , Mr.

inghehns a Salary allowed him by the Vestry, for Grainger, Mr. Allen, Mr. Waldron, and Mr. Thomas attending the m. Co.r, being severally examined, said, That when they

Mr. JarvisRofwetl, being examined, said, That, in have been at Veftnes, to choose Parish Officers, and

1728, lie was Petty Constable; when the Assessment settle their Rates, such Clamours and Confusions have amounted to about £. too, and collected /. 86 or arilen, that the Vestry was adjourned, and nothing the reabouts: That Mr. Scriven had Five Guineas for of the Parish Hufiness was done, making the Books. And Mr. Cox further said. That he heard the Lye

Mr. Henry Goodwyn, being examined, said. That, in giv n 1° Doctor at the publick Vestry, by the

1730, he was Churchwarden; and the Turnpike Kate nu ain r Sort of People; and has known the Vestry to amounted to about /. too: That, when h hail col- adjourned Seven or Eight times; and that this was lectt-d £. 60 or thereabouts, lie sent the Constable to occasioned by that Set of Men.

collect the Remainder; who used frequently to call. R Efrpnre, being examined, said, and desire him to go, for be could not e II. ct any: Th"l h<*, as lived the Parish several Years: That he,

That, with niuotiTroubtc, he collected £. So, and would and li,n»e o{ »* Neighbours, have attempted Three or not go any more. Four times to get into the Vestry when Parish Officers

It appeared to the Committee, That, after the First were to be chosen, or the several Rates made; but Year the said Act passed, the said Assessments had w* hindered each time by the meaner Sort of People, not been audited. who are, upon such Occasions, frequently fetched from

Then the Committee inquired into the clamorous Rago-Jutr, and other Parts of the Parish.

Proceedings at Vcliries, complained of 111 the Mr. 1‘hdhps said, That Rugg-fair draws Numbers of Petition: And, Scotch and into the Parish, who live in an idle

Mr. Phillipsfatd, Tb:it there are 1 .-00 Persons who " ay. frequently become chargeable to the Parish;

pay towards maintaining the Poor; and are, by that, bu* lhat» if a Workhouse wereereaed, and made con-intitled to vote in the Vestrit*: Tlu.t be has been venient for setting the Poor to work, those Sort of I truck by them; and has heard such Curling and People would avoid coining into the Parish; and the Swearing, and Noise, at the choosing of Parish Officers, Number of 700 PenGoners, which the Parish now main-and making the Rato, ibat the Churchwardens have tain, would be reduced to about aoo; and the Pa-been obliged to adjourn the Vellry. rilhioners would be eased in their Poor’s Rate.

Mr. Sathanael Fowler, being examined, said. That And lie allo said, That there is a Workhouse in the

he was Churchwarden last Year; and the Assessment P*nlh, which will contain 200Poor; but isfituated in for the Poor’s Rate was made by the Vestry, as all the a Back Street adjoining to a M hite-lead House, and is Puriffi Rates are: That 1,364'Pe.f.ms w'. re alTofled, a dirty Place, there being no Yard, or any Room to and i,i 78 paid the Rate: That, out of tin I , y>4 paid er< & a " arehouse to put Goods m: That, the First 2*. per Month, and upwards: That all the Inhabitants, ' ear alter the same was erected, it was regulated, and who pay the Rate, have a Right to vote in the Vestry: the Poor therein were maintained at if. (id. per Week

And he desired Leave to divide them into Four daffies; each > but, Gnce the Vestry have had the Management vj~ thereof, the Expence is increased to 4s. per Week

The ill Class was composed of Gentlemen of Fortune, each i and is occasioned by the Officers of the Parish,

Sense, Reputation, and good Manners: who are Tradesmen, and promote their several Trades,

The 2d Class were Tradesmen of good Credit, great without having any Regard of buying Provisions, and Dealings, and, most commonly, of good Understanding. other Necessaries, at the lowed Price: lhat, at present.

That, out of these Two Clalles, it was but seldom theie are about 30 Poor therein, who are not kept to that any of the Churchwardens |w* re chosen, unless it work, but go and come as they please, get drunk, and was by way of Punishment, or in Expectation that they arc disorderly: That an Attempt was made to set them would fine, rather than execute the Office, or hire *° work, but People would not trust them with their some Person to serve it for them. Goods: That there are several convenient Places m

The 3d Class were Tradesmen of lower Degree, the said Parish, where a Workhouse might beerested, such as Artificers, Carpenters, Bricklayers, Glasiers, and made convenient, to set the Poor to work; and the and Painters, Sc. same wou^ tend very much to the Ease of the In-

Out of this Class generally the Churchwardens, habitants of the said Parish. and other Officers, were chosen. Ordered\ That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

The 4th and last Class were a large unruly Herd of «rea Workhouse for employing and maintaining the Men, some of whom are scarce rational, or most com- Poor of the Parish of St. Mary Matfellon1, alias White-monly aft as if they were not, having but little Know- chapel, \n the County o\ Middlesex \ and for regulating ledge and Experience in Accounts; who support the tJle Vestry of the said Parish: And that Mr. Alderman 3d Class above-mentioned, when they have any Poiut , Winnwgton, Sir George Cafivall, Mr. Robert

to carry, or Purpose to serve. Hucksy and Mr. harle, do prepare, and bring in, the

And lie further said, A Day was Gxed for a Vestry to I®6-be held, at Nine of the Clock in the Morning, to settle A Bill for the more easy compelling the Redemption Redemption the Parish Rates, when it was to be determined, of Mortgages, was read a Second time. of Mortgage

Whether they should he discretional, or by a Pound Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rate? That he went about Ten of the Clock, with ReThat the Bill be committed to a several others, and, with much crouding, got into the of the whole House.

Vestry; but the Party, who were fora discretional Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Voi. 22. Seyen-

Privilege — Petition of a Person in Custody.

Ditto.

Supply.

2J2

Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the ' wiiole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of William Stredwick, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for being aiding and assisting in a forcible Entry upon Part of an House belonging to Thomas Pelham junior, Esquire, a Member of this House, in the Occupation of Edward Kenzoard, and in di reding the Goods of the said Edward Keaward to be removed from the said Tenement, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, was presented to the House, and read; expressing his Sorrow for the said Offence; and begging Pardon of the said Member, and of the House, for the fame: And therefore praying to be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said William Stredwick be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged out of Custody.

A Petition of John Whitfield, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for having forcibly and violently entered upon Part of an House belonging to Thomas Pelham junior, Esquire, a Member of this House, in the Occupation of Edward Kenward; and having causerl the Goods of the said Edward Kenward to be removed from thence; and still keeping Possession of the said Tenement; in Breach of the Privilege of this House; was presented to the House, and read; expressing his Sorrow for the said Offence; and begging Pardon of the said Member, and of the House, for the fame: And therefore praying to be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said John Whiff eld be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged out of Custody.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the Surplusses stated at Lady-day x 733, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Surplusses stated at Michaelmas 17335 be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Establishment of (he Royal African Company of England, for their several Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, with the Charges thereof, for the Year 1733; distinguishing how much of the same is on Account of Trade, and how much for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Forts and Settlements; and also, an Account how the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament, towards the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, hath been disposed of; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Royal African Company of England, for the Maintenance of the several British Forts and Settlements belonging to the said Company, on the Coast of Africa, for the Year 1734, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleaseto receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

A. 1733.

Jovis, 70 dieMartii;

Anno 7* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1733.

PRAY£ RS.

DAR TOL D Bull took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

William Stredwick and John Whiff eld, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, were, charged iron according to Order, brought to the Bar; where they, Custody. upon their Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr.

Speaker, and were ordered to be discharged out of Custody, paying their Fees.

Sir Francis Child presented to the House, according Hiqhgateand to Order, a Bill for continuing, explaining, and making Hampstead more effectual. Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Koacfc. Third, and the other of the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the several Places, in the said Acts mentioned, to Highgate Gatehouse, and Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex; and for amending the Roads from the South End of the said Town of Hampstead, to the further End of Burrough-lane, in the Parish of Hendon 1 and for repairing other Roads, therein mentioned, lying in the Parish of Islington, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Bigg presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the c‘ °a ‘ Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the more effectual amending the Highways leading from Royston, in the County of Hertford, to Wandsford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, so far as the same relates to the amending that Part of the Road as lies between a Place called The White Post, upon Alconbiiry Hill, and Wandsford Bridge, in the said County of Huntingdon, called The North Division: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Clayton reported from the Committee, to whom Westminfti the Petition of the chief Burgesses, Burgesses, and nightly Assistants, and the subscribing Inhabitants of the City, Watch« Borough, and Liberty of Westminster, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants there, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition; '

And, to prove the Allegations thereof, the Petitioners laid before the Committee,

An Act of Parliament, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, for the good Government of the City and Borough of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex; whereby Power is given to the Dean of the Collegiate Church of Westminster, the High Steward, or his Deputy, and the Two chief Burgesses, with the Assent of the Burgesses and Assistants for the Time being, or the more Part of them, to make Orders and Ordinances, for the government of the Inhabitants; and, in pursuance to that Power, certain By-laws have been made for establishing a nightly Watch.

Then the Petitioners called,

Mr.flmo: Who laid before the Committee the several By-laws made in the Year 1719, pursuant to the said Act, by the Dean of Westminster, the High Steward, with the Assent of the Burgesses and Assistants; whereby it appeared, That 170 Men, of llrong and able Bodies,

22 were

6" — 70 Martii.

7 Geo. II. 70 — 8°

273

ucre to be appointed and established, to watch every Night, in the several Divisions throughout the iaid City and Liberties, for preserving the Peace of the Inhabitants of the said City; and that the same number of Watchmen are accordingly appointed, and do watch every Night

Then the said Mr. Drew laid before the Committee an Account of the Assessments made on the Inhabitants of the said City and Liberty for One Year, which amounted to ,5,000l. and upwards, for the several Divisions and Wards within the said City and Liberty: And he said, That several Persons lb rated refused to pay the said Assessment; alledging, that they were not obliged to pay the same; and the Burgesses being apprehensive that they were not sufficiently im powered to compel the Payment thereof, a good Part of the said Assessment hath not been collected:

That there being such great Difficulties in collecting the said Rates lo made, the Burgesses and Assistants have been obliged to reduce the Number of Watchmen, notwithstanding the re is a Necessity rather of increasing that Number, by reason of the Addition of new Buildings and Inhabitants of late Years.

Then the Petitioners laid before the Committee a letter from One of his Majesty s late Secretaries of Stat£ to the High Steward of Westminster, dated the 26th of October 1728, taking Notice, That his Majesty was very much concerned at the frequent Robberies committed in the Streets of Westminster; and that he, by his Majesty s Command, recommended to the High Steward to give proper Orders and Instructions to the Burgesses, and other Officers belonging to, or depending upon, the Court Leet, or the Court of Burgesses: That they should, to the utmost of their Power, a {lift his Majesty s Justices in pm suing all legal and fitting Methods that should be proposed and agreed upon, for the carrying on of that important Service.

Mr. Drezv said, That due Obedience had been given to the said Letter, by the Burgesses and Assistants; and the number of Watchmen was increased, lb far as they had been able to collect Money for the paying the Charge thereof.

And it appeared to the Committee, That there is no express Power given by the said A fit, to compel the Inhabitants to pay the Rates and Assessments made for Payment of the necessary Charges of Watchmen and Beadles; and without some further Provision made for that Purpose, the Watch mult he lessened.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better regulating, and paying, the nightly "Watch within the City and Liberty of /Vestrninster: And that Mr. Clay ton and Sir Charles I Hager do prepare, and bring in, the fume.

Ofiwnd A Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Employments or Offices, by taking the Oaths, and making and subscribing the Declaration againfc Transubstantiation, and receiving the Sacrament; and allowing them further Time for that Purpose; was read a Second time.

Re faired, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That John Wearer Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Weaver, from Winsford Bridge to the Town of Nampt* wit'll, in the County of Chester, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for impowering some of the Commissioners to cause, or order, the Locks, Weirs, Pens, Stanks, or Dams, that shall be made, to be opened, when the River shall run over the Level of the Drains of the Meadows or Lands.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from Supply, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwardsdelivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Four thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, towards the Repair of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter Westminster.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

hat a Sum, not exceeding Forty-eight thousand Five hundred and Sixteen Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Six Pence Farthing, be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of the General Fund.

Resolved, That it is the opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements belonging to the Royal African Company of England, on the Coast of Africa.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrafted Bill to prevent the infamous PraQice of Preventing Stockjobbing, was read the Third time. Stockjob-

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title bing* be, An Act to prevent the infamous Practice of Stock-jobbing.

Ordered, That Sir John Rufiout do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Assaultswith the more effectual punishing of Persons who shall assault intent to rob. any of his Majesty s Subjects, with intent to rob them:

And that Mr. Alimgt on, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Winning ton, and Mr. Sandys, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 8° Martii;

Ordered, That the Lord Sidney Beauclerk have Leave to ra into the Country for a Week, upon extraordinary Occasions.

? Mr. Hugh ICiliiams reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to extend the Navigation on the River Yol. 22.

Anno 70 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1733.

Prayers.

MR. Clayton presented to the House, according to Westminster Order, a Bill for the better regulating, and paying, the nightly Watch, within the City and Liberty of 4 A Westminster;

274 8° Mar1733.

Wcfhmnfier: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That thfc ‘ Bill be read a Second time*

Mr. Neale reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of Coventry, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Mattel' of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House of the Fourth Day of this Instant, have examined \he Matter of the said Petition:

To make out the Allegations whereof, the following Evidence was produced:

Mr. Edward Jackson and Mr. Samuel Carte, being severally examined, said, That the City of Coventry is of large Extent, and very populous; and that the Number of such of the Inhabitants of the said City, as attended Divine Service, according to the usage of the Church of England, or were supposed to be ready and willing lb to do, in cale they had a convenient place, and Opportunity, for that Purpose, was near Sixteen thousand; and that there are only Two Parish Churches in the City, which cannot commodiously contain, at the highest Computation, above Five thousand of the said Inhabitants.

To prove that the Petitioners arc seised of the Church of Bablake, in the said City, and its Appurtenances;

An attested Copy of the Inrolment of Letters Patent, bearing Date the 13th Day of December, in the Second Year of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, was produced to the Committee; by which it appears, That the said Church 0i. Bablake, with the Cemetery, and Appurtenances thereof, was granted by the said King to the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of Coventry, and their Successors.

The laid Mr. Jackson and Mr. Carte, being further examined, said, That this Church stood within the Precincts of Sponn-street Ward, in the Parish of St. Michael's, within the said City; and that the said Church of Bablake, with proper Repairs, and the adding of Galleries, may be made to contain near 2,000 Persons, and thereby rendered fit to be used as a Parish Church for the said Ward:

That formerly, in the Afternoon of the Lord's Day, during thcSeafon of Lent, Divine Service had been performed therein; but that, for about 12 Years last pal't, such Service had been dil'continued there.

The said Mr. Jackson likewise gave Evidence, That several Benefactions were given, or settled, towards Maintenance of a Minister to officiate in the said Church, whenever the same should be made parochial.

One Instance whereof was further proved by Mr. Joseph Grey, who laid before the Committee, an attested Copy of Part of the last Will of Simon Norton, formerly an Alderman of the said City, bearing Date the Second Day of July 1641; in which the said Simon Norton, among other Tilings therein contained, directs, That, out of the Rents and Profits of certain Lands and Tythes, therein mentioned, the Sum of 13/. 6$. 8d. should be paid to the Per ion officiating as Minister of the said Church of Bablake, and his Succefi’ors; and all'o, that certain other Tythes, in the said Will mentioned, should be taken by such Minister of the said Church of Bablake, if ever the same should be made parochial.

And, to shew that the Petitioners were possessed of an Estate in Trait, for the Benefit of the free Grammar School in the said City, as let forth in the Petition;

A Copy of a Deed inrolled in Chancery was produced to the Committee, and proved by the said Mr. Carte, bearing Date the 17th Day of December* in the 15th Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth; whereby it appears, That rth.f\ Hales, then of the City of Coventry, Esquire, did grant and convey certain Lands and El'tates, therein mentioned, to certain Persons therein named, who after-

wards conveyed the same to the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the said City, in Trust, for the Benefit and Endowment of a free Grammar School within the same; and that such Conveyance was confirmed by an Act of Parliament, passed in the 23d Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth; of which Act an attested Copy was likewise laid before the Committee, by the said Mr.

Carte:

And he further gave Evidence, That the Corporation of the said City had nominated and appointed the Master and Uiher of the said School; and, particularly, that his Father had been Schoolmalter thereof, and was lb appointed; and that Mr. Jackson, the present School master, was appointed in like manner; and that, in Trinity Term, in the Second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, he, the Examinant, as Solicitor for the said Mr. Jackson, did, in the Name of his Majesty’s Attorney General, file an Information in the Court of Exchequer, again!! the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of Cqv entry, for a Discovery ot^ and Relief against, certain Alienations made, or charged to have been made, by the said Corporation, of some Parcels of the said School Estate, so conveyed to them as aforesaid; to which Information, the said Corporation put in Two several Answers; which Information, and Answers, Mr. Carte produced to the Committee: And, being further examined, he laid, That the Del'criptions of certain Parcels, comprised in the said Deed of the said John Hales, were expressed in fiiort or general Terms; lb that, by reason of the Length of lime since the said Conveyance, and for want of a sufficient Survey or Particular of the said Estate, several Parcels charged in the Information to have been alienated, had not yet been distinguished; and that he did believe it was very difficult, if not impracticable, to dil'cover the lame, or ascertain the true Values thereof.

It likewise appeared to the Committee, That, in order to avoid further Disputes, the said Corporation have agreed to part with their Interest. in the Church of Bablake, for the Benefit of the said School; and that the Matter and Uiher thereof may become Rector and Lecturer of the said Church.; whereby-the Income of the said Malter and Uiher will be augmented, and their Places become worth the Acceptance of Persons of Learning and Merit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making the Church of Bablake, in the City of Coventry, a Parish Church; and for appointing a Difirictor Parish thereto; and for enabling the Malter and Uiher of the free Grammar School, within the said City, to be the Rector and Lecturer of the said Parish Church: And that Mr. Neale and Sir Adolphus Oughton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Whitxvorth presented to the Houl'e, according to ChariuUu Order, a Bill for the Application and Dispofalof the Re- Cuqwmth fidue of the Money raised, by way of Lottery, on the Credit of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the Relief of such Sufferers in the charitable Corporation as are Objects of Companion, according to the Descriptions therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Lord Gallway, Colonel Howard, ManoW Mr. Ramsden, Sir Thomas Robinson, Six James Campbell, of cloth Mr Ingram, Mr. Longueville, be added to the Commit- Yorkl‘,n tee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Manufacture of Cloth in the West Riding of the County of York, is committed.

Mr. Allington presented to the House, according to AtMt Order, a Bill for the better Punishment of Persons who ,uleut shall a (fault any otliis Majesty’s Subjects, with Intent to rob them: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Rt'foktgl That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill

7 Geo. II.

8° Mar

275

WvrHhams A till to enable Jafeph tFi/ndham Esquire, and his Issue »« Male, to take, and ule, the Surname of Ashe, pursuant to the lait Will and Tcitament of Dame Mary Ashe, was read a Second time.

Refilled, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Wyndhum, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gib fin, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Walter, Mr. Allington, Mr. Winford, Mr. Rom icy. Sir James Campbell, Mr. Kelfal, Mr. Longue-ville. Sir Nicholas 7Filli a ms, Mr.-/lay, Mr. Walker, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Sir Charles Hot ham, Mr. Croivlc, Mr. Henley, Mr. Bexan. Air. Tlwmpfon, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Waller Bacon, Mr. Harris, Mr. Wilmington, Mr. Mor den: And all the Members that serve for the Counties of Middle fix, Norfolk, York, Wilts, and Dor fit: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Lwre- Mr. Neale reported from the Committee to whom ^imggaih- the Petition of the several Persons, whole names are tildc5, thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, Artificers and Dealers employed and concerned in the several Branches of the Leather Trade and Manufacture of this Kingdom, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, proceeded to examine the Alatter of the said Petition: 1

And, to prove the Allegations thereof,

The Petitioners laid before the Committee an Act of Parliament, passed in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoe-Makers, and other Artificers occupying the Cutting of Leather; and also, an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for laying certain Duties on Hides and Skins.

By the first mentioned Act it is enacted, That no Batcher, or other Person, Hi all galli or cut any Hide of any Ox, Bull, Steer, or Cow, in Haying thereof, or otherwise, whereby the same shall be impaired or hurt, under the Penalty of 1$. 8 d. for every Hide so gaihed, Uaughtcred, or cut:

And, by the said Act of the pth of Queen Anne, the Penalty was in created to 2 s. 6 d. for each Hide lb cut or galhcd: and a Penalty was imposed of 1 s. for cutting and galliing each Culvcs-ikin, one Moiety to the Poor of the Puriili where they shall be found, or offered to Sale, the other Moiety to Inch PciToiv or Persons who shall inform, lcize, or lue, for the fame; and a Power was granted to two Justices of the Peace, to hear and detennime the lame, in a fiunmary way; but, if the Party thinks himself aggrieved, he may appeal from their Determination to the Quarter Sessions, whole Adjudication shall be final.

Then the Petitioners called,

Mr. Daniel Anderby: And he, being examined, said, That Informations have been laid against Butchers, for cutting and galhing of Hides and Calvcs-ikins; but, for want of the Hands of Tw o Justices of the Peace to the Warrant, the Offender could not be convicted: That the Penalties are so small, and difficult to be recovered, that the Informers do not think it worth their while to follow the Offender to the Quarter Sessions for the Sum of \s. 3 d.: That, by this Method of levying the said Penalties, the Practice of Cutting and Gaffiing of Hides isalmost become univerlal:

And he further said, That, at pretent, there is no Law made against cutting and galhing of Sheep and Lamb Skins, which, in England, are, for the most Part, lb ill Hayed, that they are not fit for Market, and frequently are cut up to make Glue; and inch Sheep and Lamb Skius as are dressed into Leather, are diminished Jth Part, by the bad flaying thereof: That if the same were well flayed, as they may be, each Pound would produce, Vo L. 22. -

drolTcd in Oil, 3 d.; tanned, 1 id.; and 1 { d. iti Allom; which would be of confideiable Advantage to the Revenue: That the Hides would weigh Two Pound more, one with another, than they now do, being so cut and gaffied.

Air. William Fay produced to the Committee several Pieces of Leather: And, being examined, laid, That the Back or Bend Leather is so abused, by being Cut and gaffied, and in several Places lb thin, that it is not fit for its proper Use; and in those thin Places it dries more, and weighs the lighter; whereby the Revenue is considerably diminished: That the Hides made use of for Boots and Shoes are so cut and gaffied, that it is difficult to cut a Pair of Boots out of many Hides; and the Calves-Ikins are cut and gaihed in the same manner, and many of them not fit for any Use:

And be also said, That the Lincolshire Hides, when drefifed into Leather, will fell for a Halfpenny in the Pound more than those so cut and gaffied.

Then the said Mr. Fay produced several Sheep and Lamb Skins: And said, That lotne of them were Scotch Leather, and worth 4/. per Hundred, ai\d the others, which were English, not w orth above 50s. or 3 /. although larger; and the Reason of that Difference w as, because the English Skins are cut into Holes and Flaws, which reduces the Price.

Then he produced a slaughtered Sheep-lkin, taken off by a Butcher at Southampton; by which it appeared, that the lkins might be flayed in England as well as in other Parts; which would be a great Advantage, by employing Numbers of Poor in manufacturing the fame.

Air. Anderby and Air. Fay severally laid, That the Methods prescribed for levying the Penalties in the said Acts are so difficult, so far as they relate to cutting and galhing of Hides, that, w ithout feme further Provision made to compel the Payment thereof, in a more summary Way, the Manufacturers, and all other Persons concerned, will be great Sufferers.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the Laws now in being against cutting and galhing Hides and Calves-lkins, and to prevent cutting and galhing Sheep and Lamb-lkins, for the future: And that Air. Neale, Sir William Heathcote, and Mr. Lehcup, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for the better regulating the Election of Mem- Regulating hers to serve in the House of Commons, for that Part of Elections in Great Britain called Scotland, w as read a Second time. Scotland.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refilled, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this IToufe will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, upon the said Bill.

A Afeffage from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Air.

Lighthoun:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Scawen’s enabling Thomas Scawen Esquire, and others, to fell an Estate. Estate. in Ireland, settled by Sir William Scarce ns Will, and settling another Estate, purchased by the said Thomas Scawen, in England, of greater Value, to the same Uses:

To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Joseph Banks be added to the Com- Securing the ..-mittee to whom the Bill for securing the Property in De- l*r°Perty in . coys to the Owners thereof, is committed. eco*8'

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Supply Bill into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Land Tax. granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Year 1734; being read;

Ordmd,

Highgate and Hampstead Hoads.

Running of Wool.

Bablake Church in Coventry.

80 — 110 Martii. 1733.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumccl the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Pill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this Ifoufe will, upon IVcdntfday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Mr. Alderman Perry presented to the House, accord- Whitechapel ing to Order, a Bill to erect a Workhouse for employing Worths, and maintaining the Poor of the Pari On of St. Mary Mat- ^c* fellon, alias Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex; and for regulating the Vcltry of the said Parish: And the fume was received; and read the First time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas I ^r* Mucks,

letters for the leas,|Mr Vi)wmt.

f Mr. Burton,

Tellers for the Noes,x Mr. Thomas Pelham, ju-5i07.

( nior: )

So it passed in the Negative.

Lunce, n° die Martii;

Amjp 70 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1733.

P R A Y e r s.

ABI L L for continuing, explaining, and making more effectucd, Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Third, and the other of the Eighth, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Eirft, for repairing the -Highways from the several Places in the said Acts mentioned to Ilighgate Gatehouse, and Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex; and for amending the Roads from the South End of the said Town of Hampstead to the further end of Borough-lane, in the Pari 111 of Hendon; and for repairing other Roads, therein mentioned, lying in the Parish of Islington, in the said County; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Child, Mr. Aldington, Mr. Guidott, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Vincent, Sir Win. Clayton, Mr. Longueville, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Lyjler, Sir John Williams, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Archer, Mr. Neale, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Richard Plummer, Sir Adol. Oughton, Mr. Orltbur, Sir Robert Kempt, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Butter, Mr. Gould, Mr. Hay, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Jack/bn, Mr. Whitn orth, Sir Robert Monroe, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Glanxille, Mr. Copleston, Mr. Ingold/by, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Martin, Mr. Morden, Colonel Norton, Sir Charles Bunbury, Colonel On/low, Mr. Jewkes, Mr. Ingram, Lord Egmont, Mr. Fane, Mr. OJfley, Mr. Bcvan, Mr. Griffith, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Bramflon; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Hertf ord, Bucks, and Bedford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Bay-makers, Wool-beaters, Wool-combers, Rowers, Weavers, and others concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, in Colchester, in the County of Essex, on behalf of themselves, and Thousands of the same Town, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the gradual Decay in the Woollen Manufacture, chiefly owing to the clandestine Exportation of British as well as Irish 'Wool: And therefore praying the House to take this Affair into Consideration; and hinder any further Exportation; lb as the Petitioners, and those concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, may, before it is too late, restore their Trade to its former Vigour, and baffle any further Attempts of their enterpriling Competitors.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Neale presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making the Church of Bablake, in the City of Coventry, a Parish Church; and for appointing a District or Parish thereto; and for enabling the Master and Ulher of the free Grammar School within the said City to be lleftor and Lecturer of the said Parish Church: And. the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Walter Caherley Esquire, Calwless now called Walter Blackett Esquire, and his Issue Male, Narae* to take, and use, the Surname of Blackett only, pursuant to the Will of Sir William Blackett Baronet, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Walter Caherley Esquire, now called Walter Blackett Esquire, and his Ilfue Male, to take, and use, the Surname of Blackett only, pursuant to the Will of Sir William Blackett Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Bowes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.;

Mr. Winningfon presented to the House, according to Charitable Order, a Bill to ascertain the Demands of the charitable CorPolillion*| Corporation against Persons, Debtors or accountable to them, in a Nummary Way: And the same was received; and read the First time. ’

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to naturalize Bartold Bull, was read a Second Bull’s Nat time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Orlcbar,

Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Kelful, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Gibson, Mr. More, Mr. Andrews, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Townshend, Sir Henry Gough, Captain Evans, Dr. Lee,

Mr. Huxley, Mr. Bcvan, Mr. Bacon. Mr. Pelham, Mr.

Tufntl, Mr. Earle, Mr. Corbet, Mr. Ailing ton, Mr. 1 Thompjbn, Mr. Vincent, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Bigg,

Sir Rowland Alfton, Mr. Duncomb, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr.

Cambell, Mr. Wollafon, Mr. Browne, Mr. Coplefton,

]^Ir. Longueville, Mr. Hofte/ Mr. Treby: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

The House being moved, that a Clause of an Act, Signing made in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, B^knipj intituled, An Act to prevent the Committing of Frauds Cc;lUlcJil by Bankrupts, which relates to the Signing of Certificates by the Creditors of Bankrupts, might be read;

The same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill for explaining an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the Committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, lo far as the same relates to the Signing of Bankrupts Certificates: And that Mr. Thompson of York, Sir John Barnard, and Mr. Robert Ilucksj do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Wav?a1 into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further ^icani-of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the Surpluses, stated at Lady-day 1733, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Surplusses, stated at Michaelmas 1733> I>e referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Money is now remaining in the Exchequer, on Arrears of former Land ri axes, be referred to the said Committee.

9 Then

Go

7 Geo. II. 11° — i

277

Then the House resolved itself into the faij Committee.

.Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed Uic Chair.

Sir Charles Turner iT|»oiud from the Committee, That t!u*v Lid come to lcveial Retblulions; which they had directed him to report, uh-u tiic House will plealeto rective the lame.

Ot tiered, 'Chut the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Tamer also acquainted the Houfi*fTlmt he was directed by the Conr.nitUt: to muve, That they may lu/t 1-cavv to in uj.un. '

Jlrtulua, That tnii House will, u pun this Day Sc-vtiiuiJiL refoive itti It into a Comnittei? 01 the whole House, to eonlidei turtia r of Wax* und Moan* lor railing l*:e Supply granted to 111 > Mujclry.

And then the I Ionic adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Niue ol Me Chick.

Martis, 12°;

Anno 7* Georgii IP1 Kcgi>, 17JJ.

Pray ms.

MU. Tamer reported from the Committee, to whom the Pill to explain and amend an Ai t, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of hi* late Mujeliv King (n' /,*£ the First, intituled, An Act for the Ik-m* r »e-rui.tmgthr Manufacture of Cloth, in the West Riding of tec County of V»*rL\ wa> eunuillctl. Tli.it tiic Cum-li nt'-c had examined the Allegituare of the Bill, and found t.ie tjinc to he true; and that hi Committee had gone through the Bill and made feural Amendment' thereunto; "!.t;h they had directed him to report to the House; und he read the Report in his Place; and afterward* delivered the Bill, with the Amendment*, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then u Second time, one by one; and, upon the Qucnion fev* rally put tliert iijhju, were, with Amendments to lbmc of them, agreed to by the I Ionic.

And fume Amendments were made by the House to the Bin.

Ordered, That the Bill, uith the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr Hyndham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill lbr the latter regulating the Proceeding* of Ecrlcliaftiral Court* within tluit Part of (treat Britain oiled England, Dominion of I Tales, and Town of Her-iriek upon Tweed: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Jte/itred, Th it the Bill be read a Se cond time. Ordered, That the said Bill be prink d.

arc ex poled in other trading Nations; aid representing to the House, that, unltli some Provision be made for

their Relief, Trade and Navigation will be greatly diU couruged, liuce Owners of Ships find themselves, without any Fault on their Part, exposed to Ruin, from which their greatest Circumspection cannot secure them, through the Mulvcrlation of the Matters, or Mariners, whom they are obliged to employ: And therefore praying tho House to take this important Calc into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as la the House shall fectn meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to settle how lar Owners of Ships shall be answerable for Goods, which shall he made away with by the Matters, or Mariners. of Ships, without the Privity of the Owners: And timt Sir John Barnard, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Blummer, Mr. ICalpolc, Mr. Drummond of Quarrel, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Alderman Berry, Colonel Bladen, and Mr. Jaekjhn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Tunier, according to Order, reported from Ways and the Committee of the w hole House, to whom it wus re-fcrrvd to consider tmlher of M ays and Means for raising the SuppK granted to his Majesty, the Refutations which they had directed bi n to report to the House; which he read in In* Place; and afterwards delivered ill at the Clerks Fable: W here the same were read; and arc as followeth; viz.

Hi hived. That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, tin re l»e blued und applied the S :n of Twelve hundred thoukind Pounds out of such Monies as have arisen, of limb or may mil'., for the Surpiv.ies Kxcedes, or Overplus Monie*, commonly called the Sinking Fund.

Rehleed, That it i* the Opinion of this Committee,

That t'»e Sum of Twenty thou land Five hundred Seventy- eight Pounds Eleven Shillings and J en Puice iialfpenny, remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, on Arrears uf lormer Land faxes, be applied towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty lor the Service of the Year 1734.

The laid Resolutions, l>cing severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by tree House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the First ot* the said Resolutions: And that Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Doddington,

Sir George O.icndtn, Mr. Clayton, Sir Wm. Yongt, Mr.

Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Scrope,

Mr. Edward IVa!pole, Mr. Tilfon, and Mr. Keifall, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1734, is committed,

That they have Power to receive a Clause, pursuant to the Second Resolution.

A Petition of the Merchants, and others. Owners of Ships of the Port of Ieaul n. whole Names are thereunto fuhjcrihcd, in behalf’of tl>cmiclves, and all other Owners of-Ships hi longing tn thre Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; felting forth, Tlmt the Petitioners are greatly alarmed to find, by a lute Tryal, on an Action Drought by a Mere h ml against' the Owner of a Ship, for Goods which the Matter of the Ship had run away with, that, by our Laws, the Owners of Ships are answerable for all Goods lbr which they are intitled to Freight, although the Goods should be made away with by the Matter, or Mariners, without the Privity of the Owners: Th: t the Petitioners, when they became Owners of Ships, did not apprehend lliemieUes exposed toiuch Hazard, or liable hs (hvners, to any greater Lois than that of the Ships and Freight: and ’complaining of theinsupportable and unrealbnable Hardships, to which our Laws in this Qde subject them; and to which no Owners of Ships

A MeflTage from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr,

Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Act Act Punishing for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Mutiny and Payment of the Army and their Quarters, without any Desertion* Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Montrose Act for inlarging the Term and Powers granted by an IinPve* Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late men Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for lading a Duty of Tw o Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer, that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Montrose, and Privileges thereof, for supplying the said Town w'ith fresh Water; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, without any Amendment: And also,

Th$ Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Culliford'*

4 B Sale

\Vc ft minder

Nightly

Watch.

Royftmi, &c. Road

Call of the House.

York

Buildings

Company,

Culliford's

Iiitate.

27S

ii° — 130 Martii.

A.

173 3'

Sale of the Manor, Farm and Lands of Encombe, in tliQ County of Ddr Jet, Part of the El rate of John Cut-Ilford, Esquire, decease'd, for Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances charged upon arid affecting the fame: To which the Lords 'desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for the better regulating and paying the Nightly Watch within the City and Liberty of Westminster, was read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

A Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the more effectual amending the Highways leading from Royston, in the County of Hertford, to Wand ford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, so far as the same relates to the amending that Part of the Road as lies between a Place called The White Poji upon A Icon bury Hill, and Wands ford Bridge, in the said County of Huntingdon, called the North Divisiort, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr, Bigg, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Thompson of York, Sir Edmund Bacon, Lord TyrcoYinel, Mr. Clayton, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Digby, Mr. Wards Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Burton, Mr. Ramfddi, Sir Thomas Sander Jon, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Lyster, Lord Vere Bcauclcrk, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Vincent, Mr Finch, Mr. Williams, Mr. Palmer, Sir Michael Newton, Sir Thomas Prank-land, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Brookjbank, MrJYinnington, Sir Rowland AIJion, Mr. Leheiip, Mr. CroJJe, Colonel Read, Sir Francis Clu/d, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Campbell; and all the Members that serve lor the Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, Lincoln, York, Durham, Northumberland, and North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being

read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Month, the 9th Day of April next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Sir John Barnard reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill lor ltating and determining the Demands of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, and their Creditors, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Cl<

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 130 die Martii;

Anno 70 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1733.

Pn AYERS.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor, Farm, and Lands, of Encombe, in the County of Dorset, Part of the Estate of John Culliford, Esquire, decedSed, for Payment of the

Debts and Incumbrances charged upon ahdtdfeSing the fame, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Application and Dispofalof the Residue Charitable of the Money raised, by way of Lottery, on the Credit Corporation, of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the Relief of fuel) Sufferers in the charitable Corporation as are Objects of Companion, according to the Descriptions therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for the better Punishment of Persons who shall AfikltB with assault any of his Majesty s Subjects, with Intent to rob *nteiuU)rob-them, was read a Second tithe.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Thompson of York, according to Order, preferred Signing to the House, a Bill for explaining an Act:, passed in the Bankrupu Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, Certl utes’ An Act to prevent the Committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, lo far as the same relates to the Signing of Bank? rupts Certificates: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Plumptre reported from the Committee to whom Buckley’s the Bill for granting to Samuel Buckley, Citizen and Sta- Privilege of tioner of London, the foie Liberty of printing and re- xbuanifs' printing the Histories of Thuanus, with Additions and Hilaries. Improvements, during the Term therein limited, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him so report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That tile Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ah ingrossed Bill to extend the Navigation on the River Weaver Weaver from Winsford Bridge to the Town of Nampt- Navigation., wich, in the County of Chester, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to extend the Navigation on the River Weaver from Winsford Bridge to the Town of Namptwkh, in the County of Chester.

Ordered, That Mr. Hugh Williams do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to explain an Act, passed in the last Session of South Sea Parliament, intituled, An Act for the converting a fur- Compel)' ther Part of the capital Stock of the South Sea Company Bomte-into Annuities, redeemable by Parliament; and for settling the remaining Part of the said Stock in the said Company, so far as the said Act relates to the paying off the Bonds of the said Company, was read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Note. There was not any Blank in the Bill, no Amendment was proposed to be made to it, nor was any Objection made against.it.

Ordered, That Mr. Annejley, Mr. Earle, Mr. Rawl

H am pile

li Earle, Roads.

m of lefiU.

lilt;

X.

7 Geo. II. 130 — 18 0 M 279

Earle, Mr. Rajhteigh, Mr. ITucks, Captain Evans, Lord Marquis of Cunnnxon, and Mr. Crosse, be added to the Committee to whom the Hill lor continuing, explaining, and making more dfeftual, Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Third, and the other of the Eighth, Year of the Reign of his late Mujcfry King George the First, for retiring the Highways from the several Place-, in the said Acts mentioned, to Uighgate Gate-house, and Hamp/lead, in the County of Middlefer; and for amending the Roads from the South End of the said Town of Hampstead to the further End of Bur rough-lane, in the Parish of//tw-don; and for repairing other Roads, therein mentioned, lying in the Parish of IjHug ton in the said County; is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Brookjbank, Colonel Thompson, Captain Charlton, Mr. Alderman Paribus, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Richard Planter, Sir Thomas Stbr/ghT Mr. )Tinning tot t, Sir// /;/. Clapton, Mr. Teatlus, Sir James Grant, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Glanvill, Mr. Martai, Mr. Palmer, Mr. hurley, Colonel Read, Mr. Danvers, be added to the said Commit'ce.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go with the Mace into IPeftminjia-hall, und into the Court of Kequei'ts, and Places adjacent, and fuuimon the Meml>en> there to attend the Service of the I Ionic: And he went accordingly.

And, being returned;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for iniarging the time of Continuance ot Parli mient* appointed by an Act, made in the Sixth Yen of the Reign of King H'ilHam and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the ircqueut Meeting and Calling of Pnr laments, might be read:

And the same Ik ing read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and a Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Rill to re|>eal an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majiliy King George the First, intituled, An Act for inlarging the Time of Continuance of Parliaments appointed by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King It il-hani and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the trequent Meeting and Calling of Parliaments;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding these Words, 44 and for the more i% frequent Meeting and Calling of Parliaments."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inferled j

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Rill to repeal an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for inlarging the Time of Continuance of Parliaments appointed by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the frequent Meeting and Calling of Parliaments; and for the more frequent Meeting and Calling of Parliaments;

The Houlb divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

f Sir John St. Austin, *> Q 1 / Mr. T?romlcyoilCancick1

Tellers for the N'ocs f Sir 11 VmSe' . ? od~

Ielltrstortne *>ocs,'iho j ~4/'

So it passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day for the^IIoule to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 1 Ionic, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Rejoiced, 1 liat this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, reloive itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Yol. 22.

Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised ip Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1734.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 18° die Martii; Anno 70 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1733. Prayers.

ORDERED, That all Committees be revived.

Committees.

The House being informed. That Mr. Tuder, Agent Corn ex-for the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attend- P°rleded of the Door.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursunnt to their Order, an Account of Com exported from Scotland, for Two Years; viz. from Chriji-mas 1731 to Ch rift mas 1733; with the Bounty paid, or payable, thereupon.

And then he withdrew*.

And the Title of the liiid Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to l« perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed Manufacture in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First. intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Manufacture of Cloth, in the West Riding of the County of l ork. was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Manufacture of Cloth, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for stating and determining the De- York Build-mands of the Corporation of the Governor and Com- *n£s pany of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in puny*

York Buildings, and their Creditors, was read the Third time.

The several Amendments following were severally pro-poled to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 17. L. 25. After the Word vacate," to insert the words or vary

Prcls 18. L. 39. After the Word Mines," to insert the Words or to hinder any other Person or Persons claiming Right to the said Alines from prosecuting the fame."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for stating and determining the Accounts and Demands depending between the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Water in York Buildings, and their Creditors and

o J

Debtors respectively.

Ordered, That Mr. Gybbon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and dtfire their Concurrence.

After which, the Blank left in the Bill, for the Title thereof was iilled up by the Clerk at the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cullifords for Sale of the Manor, Farm, and Lands, of Evcombe, ElUte, in the County of Dorset, Part of the Estate of John CuT liford Esquire, deceased, for Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances charged upon and aftefting the fame, was read a Second time.

Rclolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sandys,

Mr.

2Bo 18° Ma A* 1733.

Mn Winnington, Mr. Turner, Sir James Grant, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Palmer, Sir Xhomos Robin/bn, Mr. Gyhhcn, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Walker, Mr. Huxley, Mr.//Liticorth, Mr. Ttijnel, Sir Gxv?. Savile, Sir Nicolas Williams, Mr. Williams, Doctor Za?, Lord Limerick, Sir Robert Clif ton, Mr. Crofjc, Sir Henry Gough, Captain Purvis, Mr. IVinford, Sir Abra. Elton, Lord Nauffau P owlet tr Mr. Jackson, Mr. Leheitp, Mr. QibJbn, Mr. Burton, Mr. Ramsden, Mr. Kelfal, Sir John Barrington, Lord Jncfic-a a in, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Roztncy, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Sevan, Sir John Hind Cotton; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Dorset, Devon, and Seme ifet: And the? are to meet this'After-boon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Marriage of Resolved, Nembie contradicente, That an humble Ad-tho Princess dress be presented to his Majesty, to congratulate his Koval. Majesty on the happy Nuptials of the Princeis Royal

yiid his Highness the Prince of Orange.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty s most honourable Privy Council.

Ditto. Resolved\ Kanins, contradicente, That this Houfo do

N congratulate her Majesty on these happy Nuptials.

Ordered, That the Lord William Manners, M r. Bromley of Camhridgejhi? e, Sir William Yonge,. Sir John ltujhout, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Chutcrbuck, Sir George Savile, Sir JVilliarn Clayton, Sir John Heath cote, Mr. Lads of Sober I an, Mr. Duncomhe, and Sir James Campbell, do attend her Majesty with this Congratulation.

Ditto. Resolved, Ncmne contradicente., That a congratulatory

Message be font to the Princeis Royal, and his Iiighneis the Prince of Orange, on this happy Occasion.

Ordered, That the Lord Charles Careendish, Mr. King, Sir Thomas Sauruierson, Mr. Lowther., Mr. Trench aid, Mr. Edward Walpole, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Winning ton, Mr. Vincentand. Mr. Speke, do attend the Princeis Royal, and his llighness the Prince of Orange, with the said Ajeflage.

ton, Mr. Hacks, Lord Gage, Sir James Lorcther, Mr.

Speke, Sir M m. Lowther, Mr. Pierce, Mr. Plumptrc,

Mr.Clutter buck, Mr. Gy hbon, Colonel Read, Air Evelyn,

All*. Harris, Mr. Bramjion, Mr. Laroche, Sir Charles Hotham, Mr. Campbell, Mr Cornwall, Sir Richard J^anc,

Lord IVm. Manners, Mr. Huxley, Sir Thomas Sander fen,

Mr. Brookjhank, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Jackson, Colonel Cope,

Air. Kelfal, Air Martin, Mr. Bromley, Colonel Mor~ daunt, Sir Thomas Robin son, Lord Grin son, Mr. Banket,

Mr Burton, Mr. Harley, Mr. Duncomhe, Mr. Croute,

Sir John Barrington, Mr. Earle, Sir IVm. Ycnge, Mr. IVinford, Sir George Savile, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Moreton,

Air. Vincent, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Fox, Mr. Scarcer, Air.

Owen: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House, according Supply Bin to Order, a Bill for enabling his Majesty to issue and ap- Sinking ply a certain Sum, therein to be mentioned, out of the *’unA Sinking Fund: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill to explain , an Act, passed in the South Sea last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Company's converting a further Part of the capital Stock of the South Sea Company into Annuities, redeemable by Parliament; and for lettling the remaining Part of the said Stock in the said Company; lb far as the said Act relates to the paying oft* the Bonds o* the said Company; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the converting a further Part of the capital Stock of the South Sea Company into Annuities redeemable by Parliament; and for lettling the remaining Part of the said Stock in the said Company; so far as the said Act relates to the paying off the Bonds of the said Company.

Ordered, That Sir James Lowther do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Prince of Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That a Bill be brought Orange’s in for exhibiting a Bill, in this present Parliament, ibr

Nat. naturalizing his Highness the Prince of Orange: And that M Y.Pulteney, Mr Walpole, Mr. Sandy s, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Trenchard\ Air. Gybbon, and Colonel Mordaunt, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Insolvent Ordered’ That Leave bo given to bring in a Bill for

Debtors. the Relief of insolvent Debtors: And that the Lord Gage and Sir Thomas Robin son, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Redemption Resolved, That this Houfi? will, Tomorrow Morning, of Mortgage, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more easy compelling the Redemption of Mortgages.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Employments or Offices by taking the Oaths, and making and subscribing the Declaration against Transubstantiation, and receiving the Sacrament, and allowing them further Time for that Purpose.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-Klertions in }ng next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole hco 1 land. House, upon the Bill for the better regulating the Elections of Members to serve in the House of Commons, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Charitable A Bill to ascertaiii the Demands of the charitable Cor-Curjjoration. poration, against Peribhs Debtors or accountable to them, in a fu mm ary Way, was read a lecopd time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. JVimiing-

Indemnity Oinces and Employments.

Regulating

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Occupiers ijjgj, gate of Land, and Inhabitants, of the Parishes of Chipping and Uarap-Barnet, East Barnet, and Totteridge, in the County of field Hertford, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, w'as presented to the House, and read; alledging, That by a Bill, now' depending in this House,. for continuing, explaining, and making more eft'eftual. Tw o Acts of Parliament, one of the Third, and the other of the Eighth, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the several Places in the said Acts mentioned, to Highgate Gatehouse, and Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex; and for amending the Roads from the South. End of the said Town of Hampstead, to the farther End o ( Bur rough Ja?ie, in the Parish of Hendon; and for repairing other Roads therein mentioned, lying in the Parish of Islington, in the said County; the Petitioners will be greatly affected by allowing the Trustees to borrow further Sums of Aloney; and inlarging the Tolls usually taken at the Turnpikes erected on the Roads leading from the Stones End in Gojivcll-street, and the Stones Fmd in St. John sjireet, through Islington, to Highgate Gatehouse; and applying a great Part thereof to the amending several private Roads in the Parishes of Hampstead, Hendon, and Islington: And therefore praying, That they maj^e heard, by themselves, or Coun-fel, against the said Bill, before the same ftiail pass into a Law; or otherwise be relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to w hom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee* against the said Bill.

Ordered,

7 Geo. II.

Ordered, That it be an Infuuction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to he heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of Margaret A 1dry on, Widow, Lady of the P- Manor of Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex, and of John Maty on. Clerk, was presented to the House, and read; alledging. That, by several Clauses in the Bill for continuing, explaining, and making more effectual, Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Third, and the other of the Eighth, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the several Places in the said ACb mentioned, to llighgate Ciatehouse, and llampjlead, in the County of Afiddle/ex; and for amending the Uoads from the South End of the said Town of llampjlead, to the farther End of Burroughs lane, in the Parish of Hendon; and for repairing other Roads therein mentioned, King in the Parish of ljlington, in the said County; the Petitioners are likely to be greatly prejudiced in their Estates and Property: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against such Purls of the said Bill as do affect them, before the said Bill do pals.

Ordered, Tirol the said Petition be referred to the Considerution of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That it be on Instruction to the Cud Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the feme time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Masters, Workmen, and other Persons, concerned in the W oollen Manufactures in the City of Wells, in the County of Somerset, in behalf of themselves, and all other Per Ions concerned in the said Manufactures throughout Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of die unlawful Running of great Quantities of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland, and of the Exportation of Woollen Goods manufactured in Ireland: And dierefore praying die Iloule to take die Premises into Consideration; and to provide such Remedies, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Sir John Barnard, Sir John Rnjhout,

Sir Wm, Stapleton, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Winj'ord, Mr.

* Lockyer, Mr. Cracherode, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Ju/linian //ham. Sir Eduard Defbouveric, Mr. Barton. Mr. Gregory, Mr. Kemp, Mr. Ongley, Sir Robert Abdy, Sir U rn. Lou ther. Sir Robert Clifton, Mr. Crijpe, Sir lien. Houghton, Lord I I'm. Manners, Mr. Lcvinz, and Mr. Plump-tre, be udded to the Committee, to whom die Bifl lor continuing, explaining, and making more eftectual, Two Acisof Parliament one of the Third, and the other of die Eighth, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the several Places in the said Acts mentioned, to Highgate Gatehouse, and llampjlead, in the County of Middlesex; and for amending the Roads from die South End of the said Town of llampjlead, to the further End of Bunvugh-Uwe, in the Parish of Hendon; and for repairing other Roads therein mentioned, lying in the Parish of ljlington, in the said County; is committed.

A Petition of the Mailers, and Workmen, and other Persons concerned in the Woollen Manufactures, within the Town oiTctbury, in the County of Gloucester, in behalf of themselves, and all other Persons concerned in the said Manufactures diroughout Great Britain, w as presented to the House, and read; complaining of the unlawful Running of great Quantities of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland, and of the Exportation of Woollen Vjoods manufactured in Ireland: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to provide such Remedies, as to the House shall lcem meet

Vol. 22.

281

Ordered, That the said Petitiorl do lie Upon the Table.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Ways and into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further Means, of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majeliv, being read;

nejo/ved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to bind Tax. consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1734.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 190 die Martti;

Anno 7* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1733.

Prater s.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That Mr. Aijketv, Assist-the Clerk s Assistant, being at present so indifpoled ant's lllnefo. with the Gout, as not to be able to attend; the Clerk therefore d< sires, That Mr. William llester may be admitted to assist him during Mr. A i(hexes Indisposition.

Ordered, That Mr. William Hcjler lie admitted to assist the Clerk of this House during the present, or any future, Indisposition of Mr. Aijkcx, in this Session of Parliament.

An ingrafted Bill for granting to Samuel Buckley, Citi- Buckleys zen and Stationer of London, the foie Liberty of printing Privilege of and reprinting the Histories of Thuanus, with Additions printing^ and Improvements, during the Term therein limited, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for granting to Samuel Buckley, Citizen and Stationer of London, the foie Liberty of printing and reprinting the Histories of Thuanus, with Additions and Improvements, during the Term therein limited.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumptre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Orlebar reported from the Committee to whom Bull's Nat. the Bill to naturalize BartoldBull, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the hill in at the Clerk s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Mr. Bevan presented to the House, according to Order, importation a Bill for the Revival of an Act, made in the Thirteenth of Cochineal Y'ear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the free Importation of Cochineal, during the Time therein limited, and also for the free Importation of Indigo: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the better regulating the Proceedings of Ec- proceeding® clefiastical Courts w ithin that Part of Great Britain called of Ecclesiasfti-England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick cal CourU* upon Tweed, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee "

of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

4 C A Bill

18° — 190 Martii.

282 190 Ma1733.

Signing A Bill for explaining an Act, passed in the Fifth Year

Certificates of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act

to prevent the Committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, lb far as the same relates to the Signing of Bankrupts Certificates, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thompson, Mr. Kelfal, Sir John Barnard, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Martyn, Mr. Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Wyndham,

Mr. Yorke, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Cluttcrbuck, Mr. Selivyn, Mr. East, Mr. Campbell, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Clayton, Sir Robert Clifton, Mr. Earle, Mr. Browne, Mr. CVw-Sir 6rco. Cafaall, Sir John Heathcote, Mr. IVinning-ton, Mr. Scrape, Sir Thomas Clarke, Mr. Walker, Mr. Barton, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Sir Wm* Milner, Mr. Heath-cote, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Leheupe, Mr. Ramsden, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. 6V. Quintin, Sir Campbell, Colonel Cornwallis, Colonel Howard, Mr. Maister, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Turner, Mr. Campbell of Pembr. Mr. Bacon, Lord Egrnout, >ir (?co. Beaumont, Mr. Lyddell, Sir Robert Ahdy: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Privilege. A Complaint being made to the House, That William Everett, Trijlram Bampjilde, and John Guy, on the Fourteenth Day of this initant March, under Pretence of a Replevin granted by James Bryant, who is not deputed or authorized by the Sheriff to make Replevies, broke open a Gate belonging to an Eliateof Sir Abraham Elton Baronet, a Member of this House; and, having violently entered upon the said Estate, drove away all the Cattle, distrained for Rent due to the said Sir Abraham Elton, from his Tenant at Glaflon, in the County of Some/Jet; in Breach of the Privilege of this Iloule;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Bablate A Bill for making the Church of Bablake, in the City

Church in of Coventry, a Parish Church, and for appointing a Dif-oventry, or parish thereto; and for enabling the Matter and

.Ullier of the Free Grammar School within the said City to be the Rector and Lecturer of the said Parish Church; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Adolphus Oughton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bromley, Sir Edmund Bacon, Lord Vere Beauclerk, Mr. Scarce//. Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Walker, Sir James Campbell, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Leheupe, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Fane, Mr. Page, Mr. Martyn, Mr. Guidott, Mr. Laroche, Lord Charles Cavendish, S i r 7 homasSanderson, Mr. Winningttm, Mr. Waller, Mr. Sandys, Sir Geo. Ctf-teall, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Burton, Colonel Mordaunt, Mr. Crojje, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cornwallis, Lord Egmont, Sir Jujl. lsham, Lord Limerick, Sir Richard Lane, Sir Henry Gough, Mr. Gyles Earle, Mr. Raul. Earle, Mr. Boone, Mr. Plumptre, Colonel Handafydc; and all the Members that lerve for the Counties of Warwick, Leicester, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Prince of Mr. Pultency presented to the House, according to

Oranges Order, a Bill for exhibiting a Bill, in this present Parliament, for naturalizing his Highness the Prince of Orange: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be now read a Second time.

The Bill was read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Note, There was not any Blank in the Bill, no Amendment was proposed to be made to it, nor was any Objection made against it

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Laud Tax. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

9

to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1734, be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petition of the Mayor, capital Burgesses, and Assistants, and of other the Inhabitants, of the Borough of Tiverton, in Devon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of those Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Bland ford Forum, in the County of Dorset, who were Sufferers by the dreadful Fire which happened there the Fourth Day of June 1731, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, of Clauses, for the Relief of the Petitioners, upon the said several Petitions.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to inlarge* the Time within which Receivers General of for* mer Land Taxes may set insuper any County, Division, or Place.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had direfited him to move, That they may have Leave to Ik again.

Resolved, That this House will, this Afternoon, at a Quarter of an Hour after Tw o of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for exhibiting a Bill, in this present Prince of Parliament, for naturalizing his Highness the Prince of 0ran£e* Orange, was read the Third time. ^at*

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Bill do pass:

And that the Title be, An Act for exhibiting a Bill in tlrn present Parliament for naturalizing his Highness the Prince of Orange.

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Samuel privilege. Tull, of Tottenham, in the County of Middlesex, hath, during this Session of Parliament, entered on Part of the Fit ate of the Right honourable Henry Lord Colerane, in the Kingdom of Ireland, a Member of this House, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Answer to Address, of Yesterday, to congratulate his Majesty on Address* the happy Nuptials of the Princess Royal, and his Highness the Prince of Orange, had been presented to his Majesty: To which his Majesty wfas plealed to give this most gracious Answer:

I thank the House of Commons for this dutiful Address; and am glad I have disposed of my Daughter in a manner lb agreeable to them.

Ordered, That all the Members that serve for the Secoring Counties of Essex and Kent be added to the Committee, Property to whom the Bill for the better securing the Property in Deco)s-Decoys to the Owners thereof, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Harley and Mr. Cornewall be added Insolveni to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring Debt0IS* in, a Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors.

Ordered, That Mr. Scrope be added to the Gentlemen L&wsrei who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to hjg gaih explain and amend the Laws now in being, against cutting lde*

and

7 Geo. II. 190 — 2o° Mar til. 283

Bod gashing Hides and Calve-skins, and to prevent cutting and galliing Sheep and Lamb Skins for the future.

; The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1734.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles 7wr;trreportedtronitlie Committee, That they had nmdc a further Progress in the said Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may lyive Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow morning, refillvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to cutiiidor further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mcr cur'd, 20° Martii;

Anno T Georgii II*1 Regis, 1733.

Prayfhs.

MR. Thomftfitnrcpoited from the Committee, to whom the Bill ibr explaining an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to pi event the Committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, so fir as the same relates to the Signing of Bankrupts Certificates, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made Several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Rej>ort in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Quel'tion Severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Lord I Til Ham Manners acquainted the House, That the Gentlemen appointed to attend her Majesty with the Congratulation of this House, had attended her Majesty accordingly; and that her Majesty was pleated to say,

I return my thanks to the House of Commons: They have constantly lhcwn their Zeal and Affection to the King; and I :un extremely glad, that the King's Choice, on this Occufion, has met with their Approbation.

Mr. Bigg reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Geoi'ge the 1'iri‘t, intituled, An Act for the more effectual amending the Highways leading from lloyston, in the County of Hertford, to 11 and fourth Bridge, in the County of Hunt-ingdon, lb far as the same relates to the amending that Part of the Road as lies between a Place cal led The Jr kite PoJ}, upon Aleonbury Hilly and Wandfoorth Bridge, in the said County of Huntingdon, called the N ortliDi vision, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and tlven a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Lord Charles Ccrcendish acquainted the House, That the Gentlemen appointed to attend the Princess Royal, and Vol. 22.

his Highness the Prince of Orange, with the congratulatory Message tent from this House, had attended her Royal Higlmcfs, and his Highness, accordingly; and that tier Royal Highncls was pleated to say,

I thank the Gentlemen of the House of Commons for this Message: I am very glad of their Approbation; which will always make 111c happy.

Aud that his Highncls was pleated to lav,

I am very sensible of the Share the House of Commons takes in my JIappinels, and of their Congratulation upon this Ocealion; I am very much obliged to them for their good Willies, and very grateful for the Assurances of their Friendships, which I shall always endeavour to defence: I desire them to be persuaded, that I will not be backward in Zeal and Affection for the British Nation; and that I shall always reckon it the greatest Happiness to be able to give Proofs thereof upon all Occasions.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas Bennet and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Lightwood, indofitig the Common or Waste called Lightwood ForeJ?, &c- biclo-otherwise Cocbwgt Banks, and Blurton Common, in the ure*

Manor and Parish of Trentham, in the County of Stafford:

To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also.

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Pefihouse discharging a certain Piece of Ground, called The Pefl- Fi*|d house Field, from certain charitable Trusts; and for settling la # IU u another Piece of Ground, of equal Extent, and in a more convenient Place, upon the same Trusts: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Earl of Bur* sup plying an Oinillion in a former Act of Parliament, to lingtons enable Richard Earl of Burlington to grant Leases of Estate* Ground behind Barlingtou-house: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for MorlamTs confirming a Conveyance of divers Lands and Heredita- Fftute-ments in the County of Durham, late the Estate of John Morland Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts and Incumbrances: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Boonr's vesting certain 1 Ioufes in Blechinglj/, in the County of Fitdtc* Surrey, late the Eliate of George Evelyn Esquire, deceased, in Charles Boone Esquire; and for settling another Estate, of greater Value, on the Daughters and Coheirs of the said George Evelyn, in Lieu of, and Exchange for, the fame: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act to Bri*owe'» naturalize Anne Judith Brijlozve, Wife of John Brijlorwc, Nat. Esquire: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of William Higgs Gentleman was presented Chari table to she House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner Corporation, is intitled to a great Number of Shares in the charitable Corporation, called Privilege Shares, which, before the Fund was imbezzled, were saleable at 30$. per Share; but are thereby rendered of no Value; and that he is also a Creditor of the said Corporation, by One Annuity, of the Value of above 2,000l. purchased by him for a full and valuable Consideration: That he duly claimed the said Shares and Debt; and that, his Claim being dil-allowed, lie appealed, as the Law directs; but that the Death of the then Lord Chief Justice, and the subsequent Vacancy, prevented the Prosecution of his Appeal, which has not yet been determined: That, as lie is informed, a Bill is depending in this House, for the Application and Disposal of the Residue of the Money raised, by way ot Lottery, on the C redit of an Act, made in the last Session

Insolvent

Debtors.

Wyndhaua’s

Name.

Duties on Arrack.

Assaults with Intent to rob.

Redemption of Mortgages.

Bablaek Church in Coventry.

20" Martii. -A. 1733.

of Parliament, for the Relief of such Sufferers in the charitable Corporation as are Objects of Compassion, according to the Descriptions therein mentioned; and that his Name is omitted in the Report of the said Commissioners, though he is a great Object of Compassion, and hath taken the Oath to qualify himself for the fame: And therefore praying, That his same may be taken into Consideration; and that a Clause may he inserted, in the said Bill, for laving his Right, in case the said Appeal should be determined in his favour; or that he may have such other Relief, as to the House shall fcem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-(ideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the Relief of the Petitioner, pursuant to the Prayer of his Petition.

The Lord Gage presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors: And the same w as received; and read the First time.

Refitted, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Alderman Perry reported from the Committee to whom the Bill to enable Joseph Wyndham Esquire, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of A/he, pursuant to the last Will and Testament of Dame Mary Ashe, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Duties paid upon Arrack for Three Years, to Christmas lait, distin-guithingeach Year; together with a particular Account of the several Subsidies and Duties payable upon the Importation of Arrack.

Refiived, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Punilliment of Persons w ho shall assault any of his Majesty s Subjects with Intent to rob them.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more ealy compelling the Redemption of Mortgages.

A Petition of the Vicar and Parishioners of St. Michael's, in the City of Coventry, was presented to the House, and read; complaining, That the Petitioners have not been acquainted w'ith the Contents of a Bill, now depending in this House, for making the Church of Bablaek, in the City of Coventry, a Parish Church, and for appointing a District or Parish thereto; and for enabling the Matter and Ulher of the Free Grammar School within the said City to be the Rector and Lecturer of the said Parish Church: And therefore praying, That they may have such Copies of the said Bill, and such Time allowed for the Perusal of the lame, as to the House shall seem meet; and also, that they may be heard, by their Counsel, either against the said Bill, or for altering or amending thereof, as Occasion shall require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-jriittce, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Complaint beingmadc to the House, That Rees Privilege. Griffiths did, on the Fifth Day of February last, serve a Writ, by the Direction of Benjamin Ilall, an Attorney, upon Edward Turner, a menial Servant to Thomas Lewis Esquire, a Member of this House, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ®Ds to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain^ for the Service of the Year 1734, be now read.

The same being read accordingly 5

The House relolyed itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House w ill please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for enabling his Majesty to issue and apply a Supply Bill; certain Sum, therein to be mentioned, out of the Sinking j^, D8 Fund, w'as read a Second time.

Refiived, That the Bill be committed.

Refiived, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Supply, into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Refiived, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day, for the House to resolve Offices and itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill Employ-to indemnify Persons w ho have omitted to qualify themselves for Employments or Offices, by taking the Oaths, and making and subscribing the Declaration against Transubstantiation, and receiving the Sacrament, and allowing them further Time for that Purpose, being read;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace, mightT)e read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, That the Vice Chancellor of the University, and Mayor of the Town of Cambridge, may act as Justices of the Peace for the County of Cambridge, notwithstanding the Act, of the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Winnington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refamed the Chair,

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

A Messagp

7 Geo. II. ao° — 21° 285

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas Bemet and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for exhibiting a Bill, in this present Parliament, for naturalizing his Highnds the Prince of Orange, without any Amendment

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Digby have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock.

And Ijc moved the House accordingly. And,

An ingrossed Fill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for incioling the Common or Waite called Lightwood Forest, otherwiseCor/.w/^e Hants, and Blur ton Common, in the Manor and Parish of Trent ham, in the County of Staff ord\ was read the First time.

Rejoiced, '1 bat the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir William Milner have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly. And,

An ingrossed Hill from the Isolds, intituled, An Act for supplying an Omission in a funner Act of Parliament to enable Richard Karl of Burlington to grant Lealcs of Ground behind Burlington-house, was read the Firit time.

llefolvedy That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt ha\e Leave to make a Motion.

And im moved the House accordingly. And,

An ingrossed Bill horn the Isolds, intituled, An Act for uiicharging a certain Piece of Ground, called The Pest house Fil'd, from certain charitable Trusts; and for settling another Piece ot Ground, of equal Fxtcnt, and in a more convenient Place, upon the same Truth, was read the First time.

Rc)o(i\d, That the Bill be rear] a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Shajtoe have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly. And,

An ingrossed 1 ill Horn tin* Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Conveyance of divers Linds and Heie-d it aments in the County of Durham, late the 1 state of John Jbr and 1 lijuire, dcceali d, for Payment of his Debts and Incumbrances, was read the First time.

Rcjolted, That the bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Morden have Leave to make a Motion.

And hr moved the House accordingly. And,

An in-oiled Fill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

to naturalize Anne Judith Bnsi<acc, Wile of John Brb.n "r Ftiiuiiv, wns read the First lime.

Rcfrjtd, That the hill be read a Second time.

And ?ni n the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jo vis, 2i° die Martii Anno 70 Georgii ID* Regis, 1733. Prayers.

AX ingrossed Bill for explaining an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the Committing of Frauds hv Bankrupts, lb far as the same relates to the signing of Bankrupts Certificates, was read the Third time.

llefolvedy That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for explaining an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, so far as the same relates to the signing of Certificates by the Creditors of Bankrupts.

Vol. 22.

Ordered, That Mr. Thompson of York do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from Supply Bill; the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Land Tax. granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1734, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to ?hc Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; ami he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks fable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and several of them, being read a Second time, one by one, as far as the Amendment, Folio 7. Line 17, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And notice l>eing taken, that there were tome Mistakes in the Amendments made to the Bill in Folio 7;

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

lie lotted. That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itli-ll into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Earle, from the Committee appointed to inquire Navy Debt, into the State of the Debt of the Navy, and the Causes thereof, acquainted the House, That lie was directed by the Committee to move the House, That the several Efti-niates of the Ordinary of the Navy, laid before the House from the Year 1720 to the Year 1733, be referred to the find Committee.

Ordered, That the several F.fiiir.ates of the Ordinary of the Navy, laid before the House from the Year 1720 to the Year 1733, be referred to the said Committee.

A Mefluge from the Lords, by Mr. Thurston and Mr. Edu ards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lon s have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and White Herrings, for the further Term of Seven Years; and for licensing the creating new Refineries of Rock Salt in the Counties of Efjix and Suffolk; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Robert Dalzell, late Earl of Carmvuth. to iuo, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his laid Attainder, to take or inherit any real or per-lonal Etiate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Halter Calverley Esquire, now called J Falter Blackett Esquire, and his ifilie Male, to take and use the Surname of Blackett only, pursuant to the Will of Sir IFilham Blackett Baronet, deceased, w itliout any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Supply Bill Duties on Salt, &c.

Earl of Carnwath’s Disabilities by Attainder.

Calverley’g

Name.

An ingossed Bill for naturalizing Bartold Bull, was read the Third time. at#

llcfolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for naturalizing Bartold Bull.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for tive more effectual preventing the clandestine Importation of foreign Hops: And that Mr. Pelham, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Butler, Sir Roger Meredith, Sir Thomas Hales, and Sir Charles Vernon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Importation of Foreign Hops.

A Petition of David Avery, of London, Merchant, Charitable was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That he Corporation, became bound in a Bond, at the Request of John son, to one Richard Loving, for jC. 811, which the said

4 D

2i# Mar tit

2 85

Thomson borrowed upon the said Bond, and the further Security of 200 Shares of the Stock of the charitable Corporation: That the Petitioner was sued, and obliged to pay the said Loving the said £. 811. and thereby became intitled to the said Shares: That his Claim to these Shares has been allowed by the Commissioners; and that he hath complied with the Terms of the Act made for the Relief of the Sufferers in the said Corporation, by taking the Oath, and qualifying himself as an Object of Compassion; but that, by a Mistake in the Report of the Commissioners, his Interest in the said Shares is valued at <£*.311 only, instead of the whole £.Si 1, which he really and bona fide paid to the said Loving; whereby the Petitioner is deprived of the Benefit intended to the unhappy Sufferers, so far as his Loss is reported less than what it ought to have been, without the Aid of this House: And therefore praying, That he may be deemed a Sufferer, and intitled to the Relief upon the said «£.8i 1; or that he may have such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for die Application and Disposal of the Residue of the Money raised, by way of Lottery, on the Credit of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the Relief of such Sufferers in the charitable Corporation as are Objects of Companion, according to the Descriptions thgrein mentioned, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision for the Relief of the Petitioner, pursuant to the Prayer of his Petition.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalian, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

Royal Assent The King commands this honourable House to attend to Billi. his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers:

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers; and that his Majesty had been pleased to give the Rbyal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and White Herrings, for the further Term of Seven Years; and for licensing the erecting new Refineries of Rock Salt in the Counties of Essex and Suffolk:

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters:

An Act for exhibiting a Bill, in this present Parliament, for naturalizing his Highness the Prince of Orange:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Montrose, and Privileges thereof, for supplying the said Town with fresh Water, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for confirming the Inclosure, Division, and Exchanges of several Lands and Grounds lying in the Common Fields of Wollesthorpe, near Belvoir Castle, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act to enable Robert Dalzell, late Earl of Cam-warth, to (ue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him:

An Act to enable Walter Calverley Esquire, now called Walter Blackett Esquire, and his Hiue Male, to take and use the Surname of Blackett only, pursuant to the Will of Sir Wm. Blackett Baronet, deceased.

A. 1733.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Charitabk into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for CorPora^ofl‘ the Application and Disposal of the Residue of the Money raised, by way of Lottery, on the Credit of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the Relief of such Sufferers in the charitable Corporation as are Objects of Compassion, according to the Descriptions therein mentioned, being read;

Ordered, That the Report of the Commissioners appointed for taking, stating, and determining the Claims of the Creditors and Proprietors of the charitable Corporation, which was presented to the House on the 29th Day of January, in the last Session of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report of the Commissioners appointed to examine, itate, and report, who of the Sufferers in the charitable Corporation are Objects of Compassion, which was presented to the House upon the 31st Day of January last, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Commissioners appointed by an Act of Parliament, passed in the last Session, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to examine, state, and report, who of the Sufferers in the charitable Corporation are Objects of Compassion,. according to the Descriptions therein mentioned, of wlmt Charge has hitherto attended the Execution of the said Act; with an Estimate, as near as can be made, of what Charge may occur in the further Execution thereof, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refunied the Chair.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, That t they had made a Progrefe; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Justice Eyre, and Mr. Baron Corny ns:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for princeof naturalizing the most Serene Prince William Charles 0rank’s Henry Frifo Prince of Orange and Nassau: To which tot. the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be now read a Second time.

The Bill was read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be now read the Third time.

The Bill w is read the Third time.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, 'without any Amendment.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Cf)arjt Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Corpon the Bill for the Application and Disposal of the Residue of the Money raised, by way of Lottery, on the Credit of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the Relief of such Sufferers in the charitable Corporation as are Objects of Compassion, according to the Description* therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, That the Committee had heard Evidence in Support of the Petition of David Avery, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto;

2tm — iid Martin

Resolved, That the Bill be read Setorid timd

A Petition of Harriot Pitt, Widow, was presented to Charitable the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner, Corl, oiatlon-about 12th July 1731, deposited in the Haodsof Captain Matthew Fitzgerald the Sum of£. 3,356. 14 id, to be laid out by him in the Purchase of charitable Corporation Bonds; who, on the 26th of the said Month, delivered to the Petitioner Sixteen Bonds of the (kid Corporation, to the Amount o 1,600; and, in the Month of October following, Ten other Bonds, in all, to the Value of £. 2,600; and that the Petitioner, having Occasion to go into the Country, left it to him to get Bortds lor the remaining700 and odd Pounds: That, upon her Return about Chrittmtu lolloping, he brought her Seven Notes of the said Corporation, to the Amount of 700, being

the Remainder of the Monies so deposited for the Purchase of Bonds; which he averred to be of equal Value with Bonds: That (he, having claimed the said Twenty-six Bonds, and Seven Notes, was allowed to be a Creditor only for the Twenty-six Bonds, and not for the Seven Notes, by reason ot a Clause in the A of Parliament, making void all Transfers and Assignments after the 1 ith of October 1731; whereby (he has not only loft the Benefit of the Four Shillings in the Pound for the Composition made by the said Corporation with their Creditors, but is also reported a Sufferer only to the Amount of £. 2,600; and will be deprived of her proportional part of the Money arising by the Lottery, in respect to the (kid £ 700, without the Aid and Compassion of this House:

And therefore praying. That the (kid £. 700 may be added to the Sum for which (be shall be deemed a Sufferer; and that (he may have a Proportion of the Relief intended by the Lottery, in respect thereof; or that (he may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House Audi feera meet

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Bromley, of Cambridgeshire, reported from the Scaring th. Committee, to whom the Bill for the better leaning the ia

Property in Decoys to the Owners thereof, was com- ' mitted, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and several of them being read a Second time, one by one, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till this Day Month.

7 Geo. II.

unto) which they bad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee oif the whole House, upon the Bill for the better regulating the Elections of Members to serve in the House of Commons for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 2 2° die Martii;

Anno 7* Georgii IIdiRegis, 1733.

Praters.

AN ingrafted Bill to enable Joseph Wyndham Esquire, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of Ashe, pursuant to the last Will and Testament of Dame Mary A/he, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pase: And that the Title be. An Act to enable Joseph Wyndham Esquire, and his lfluc Male, to take and use the Surname of Ashe, pur-fi nut to the last Will and Testament of Dame Mary Ashe.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Perry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Francis Child reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing, explaining, and making more effectual, Two Acts 01 Parliament, one of the Third, and the other of the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the JWeral Places, in the said Acts mentioned, to High gate Gatehouse, and Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex; and for amending the Roads from the South End of the said Town of Hampstead to the further End of Bur rough-lane, in the Parish of Hendon; and for repaying other Roads, therein mentioned, lying in the Parirti of Islington in the said County; was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Occupiers of Land, and Inhabitants of the Parishes of Chipping Barnet, East Barnet, and Totteridge, in the County of Hertford\ whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others; and also the Petition ai Margaret Maryon, Widow, Lady of the Manor of Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex; and of John , Maryon Clerk; were referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had beard the Petitioners, on the first-mentioned Petition, by their Counsel, aguinlt the said Bill, no Counsel appearing on the last Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, u[>on the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Pelham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectual preventing the clandestine Importation of Foreign Hops: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Vol. 22.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. ®^*chk. Michael\ in the City of Coventry, was presented to the Coventry? House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners having seen a printed Copy of the Bill, depending in this House, for making the Church of Bablack, in the City of Coventry, a Parish Church; and for appointing a District or Parish thereto; and for enabling the Matter and Uiher of the free Grammar School, within the said City, to be the Rector and Lecturer of the said Parish Church; apprehend the making the said Church of Bablack a Parish Church will be of very great Use, especially to the Inhabitants of Spon-street Ward, within the said Parish of St.

Michael: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir William Yonge presented to the House, according to Recovery-Order, a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts: And the same was received; and read the Fiift time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered,

a88 22° — 23

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed*

Offices and Mr. Wilmington, according to Order, reported from Employ- the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Employments or Offices, by taking the Oaths, and making and subscribing the Declaration against Tran* substantiation, and receiving the Sacrament, and allowing

thfem further time for that purpose,.the Amendments

which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Proceedings The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself of Ecclesiaf- into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for tical Courts. better regulating the Proceedings of Ecclesiastical Courts within that Part of Great Britain called England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The: Yeas went forth.

29*

50.

Tellers for he Yeas, { it" " }

Tel.ers.br he Nee, {

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That this House will* upon this Day Month, reiblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said

Bin;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yees, of Wnick ;}*r.

;Tenerefor, heN^4^C*' }z9. So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Assaults with The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Intent to rob. into a Committee of the w hole House, upon the Bill for the better Punishment of Persons who shall assault any of his Majesty’s Subjects, with intent to rob them, being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning pext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill; Laud Tax.

The other Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1734, being read;

Atid a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Ye.s, J } 3»-

Tellers for the Noes, j

‘ Sodt-was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee. And, after Tome time spent therein, Notice being taken, that there were not Forty Members present.

0 Martii A. 1733.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair, and adjourned the House till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 230 die Martii,;

Anno 70 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1733-Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for making more effectual an Act, Royston,&c.

palfed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his fioad* late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the more effectual amending the Highways leading from Royston, in the County of Hertford, to Wandsford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, lo far as the same relates to the amending that Part of the Road as lies between a Place called The White Post, upon Alconbury Hill, and Wandsford Bridge in the said County of Huntingdon, called the North Division, w7as read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the more effectual amending the Highways leading from Royston, in the County of Hertford, to Wandsford Bridge in the County of Huntingdon, so far as the same relates to the amending that Part of the Road as lies between a Place called The White Post upon Alconbury Ilill, and Wandsford Bridge, in the said County of Huntingdon, called the North Division.

Ordered, That Mr. Bigg do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for the revival of an Act, made in the Thirteenth importation Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the of Cochineal, , First, intituled, An Act for the free Importation of &c* Cochineal during the time therein limited; and also for the free Importation of Indigo; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir John Barnaiv/presented to the House, according to Shipowners Order, a Bill for settling how far Owners of Ships shall responsibility be answerable for Goods which have been made away for with by the Matter, or Mariners, without the Privily of the Owners; And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Petition of the Parishioners of the Parish of St. Mary Hisrhsrate IJUngton w as presented to the House, and read; alleging, an(*

That their Interest will be greatly affected by several ftca °a a* Clauses of a Bilk now depending in this House, for continuing, explaining, and making more effectual, Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Third, and the other of the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the several Places, in the said Acts mentioned, to High gale Gatehouse, and Hampstead, in the County of Middltfew; and for amending the Roads from the South End of the said Town of Hampstead to the further End of Bur rough-lane, in the Parish of Hendon; and for repairing other Roads therein mentioned, lying in the Parish of IJUngton, in the said County: And therefore praying.

That they may be heard, against the said Bill, by theni-selves, or Counsel, before the same shall pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Supply BHI; itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Lund l ax

Bill

0

House

acci

£ PkTltf

Sr 00*.T‘ Hot w ®

0WT|iat

JlarnogDC3tt-

And to Momin

L

Anno

Prayers.

SIR Charles from the ( . the Bill for gnu Tax to be railct Year 1734 the Committee! directed him to Report in his nth the Amet the Amendasen Second time, tally put tb Ordered, T ingrossed.

!(© A Petition habitants, of

; Wf of them

j WParish, w

1 That by a B

toning, expl<

; °t Parliamer

%h Yeai k repairing i tto said A(

Bmpstca

fc Roads

Parish of/j mentioned, County; ti hefted, 1, Turnpikes in G M thr

mh.

%-roads H othe ne?leftec

m\\

that are Wit leve:

Wt

»oil,

Wtivei

An

K'

the f2

V.

7 Geo. Ii. 23* — Martiu

Bill for panting In Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax tioners, if they think fit, be then heford, ty their Counsel, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year against the said Bill;

1734. It passed in the Negative.

The House accordingly resolved itself idto the said Committee. A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders* Occupiers Highgate

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. of Laud, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Finchley, in

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee, the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto 1 tJl^i

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. filbferibed, on bfehalf Of themselves, and the rfeft of the

Sir Charles Turner reported front the Committee, Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House,

That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; and read; alleging, That the Petitioners will be great which they had directed him to report, when the House Sufferers by the said Bill, whereby great Part of the ^ill please to receive the lame. Money collected on the Roads leading from the City of

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday London, through Goswell-street, and St. Jokn-street, to Morning next. Highgate Catehouse, will be applied to the amending of

By-rodds in the several Parishes of Hampstead\ Hendon,

And then the House adjourned till Monday and IjUngton; and this principal Northern Road mult Morning, Nine of the Clock. therefore be neglected, or the Tolls be inereased, to the

manifest Oppression of the SubjeS: And therefore praying,

That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel,

Lutta 2 C° Martii ’ against the said Bill, before the same shall pais into a Law;

1 ? y or otherwise to be relieved, as to the House shall lean meet.

Anno 7* Georgii IIJ| Regis, 1734. And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,

Prayers. That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third time; and that the Petitioners,

SIR Charles Turner, according to Order, reported it they think fit, be then heard, by their Counsel, against from the Committee of the whole House, to wliorn the said Bill; the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land h passed in the Negative.

Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the

Year 1734, was re-committed, the Amendments which A Bill for the more effectual preventing the clandestine l&dportatioa the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had Importation of foreign Hops, was read a Second time. foreign directed him to report to the House; and he rend the Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pelham, Hop#*

Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, Mr Butler, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Hay, Mr. Croffh, Sir with the Amendments, in at the Clerk a Table: Where John Heathcote, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Burton, Mr. the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a fflnnmgton, Mr. JValkcr, Sir Jamet Campbell, Captain Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question Purvis, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Inwen, Sir fevemlly put thereupon* agreed to by the House. ICm. Clayton, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Treby, Mr. Lorwther,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Mr. Arundel, Sir Thomas Sanderson, Mr. Lends, Mr. ingrossed. Whitworth, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Amtejky,

Mr. Hacks, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Crijpe, Mr. Gibbon,

A Petition of tl* Land-owners, Occupiers, and In- Mr. Packer, Mr. Bevan, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. habitants, of the Parish of Hontfey, in the County of Lyster, Sir Geo. Cafwail, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Tilfon,

Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Lord Noel Somerset; and all the Members that serve for behalf of themselves, end the rest of the Inhabitants of the the Counties of Sussex, Surrey, Essex, Kent, Hercjord, said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, Worcester, and Southampton: And they are to meet this That by a Bill, now depending in this House, for con- Afternoon, at live of the Clock, in the Speakers tinning, explaining, and making more effectual, Two Acts Chamber, of Parliament, one of the Third, and the oilier of the

Eighth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the several Places, in the said Acts mentioned, to Highgate Gatehouse, and Hampstead, in the County of Midillejex; and for amending the Roads from the South End of the said Town of Hampstead, to the further End of Borough-lane, in the Parish of Hendon; and for repairing other Roads therein mentioned, lying in the Parish of IjUngton, in the said County; the Interest of the Petitioners will be greatly affected, by obliging them to pay their Money at the Turnpikes cre&ed on the Roads leading from the Stones End in Gojiccll-street, and the Stones End in St. John-street, through IjUngton, to Highgate Gatehouse, and to Kingsland, with Intent to repair the fame, and applying a great Part of their Money to the amending of other By-roads, in the several Parishes of Hampstead, Hendon, and other Places; whereby either this Road will be neglected, or the Tolls thereof will be inereased; to the great Detriment not only of the Petitioners, but all others ihat are anyways interested in the large Trade and Commerce carried on between the City of London, and the several Northern Counties of this Kingdom, principally by Land Carriage over this Road: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, before the same shall pals into a Law; or otherwise to he relieved, as the House shall think most convenient.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third time: and that the Peti-Vol. 22.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Art Act Boone* for vriting certain Houses in Blcchingly, in the County Etlate. of Surrey, late the Estate of George Evelyn Esquire, deceased, in Charles Boone Esquire; and for settling another Estate, of greater Value, on the Daughters dnd Coheirs of the said George Evelyn, in lieu ofj and exchange for, the fame; was read the First time.

And a Motion being made, That the Bill be read a Second time;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion w as made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Y«s, { *&£< } .

Tellers for the Noes, £ f j 98.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative*

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

The House belhg informed, that Subroiffion had been Privilege* made, and Satisfaction given, to the Right honourable Henry Lord Coleraine, in the Kingdom of Ireland, a Member of this House, in relation to the Breach of Privilege complained of the 19th Day of March instant;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec* tions be discharged from proceeding on the Matter of the said Complaint.

y 4 E The

9P

5* — 7 26° Mattii. 1734.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Redemption ResolvetdThat this House will, upon Wednesday of Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Mortgage#! wfo&ie JHouse, upon the Bill for the more easy compelling the Redemption of Mortgages.

Supply fell; Resolvetd, That this House will, iipori iVednesday

Sinking jVIorning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Fuod# whole House, upon the Bill for enabling his Majesty to issue, and apply, a certain Sum, therein to be mentioned* out of the Sinking Fund.

Charitable Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Corporation* whole House, to whom the Bill for the Application and Disposal of the Resid ue of the Money raised, by way of Lottery, on the Credit of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the Relief of such Sufferers in the charitable Corporation as are Objects of Compassion, according to the Descriptions therein mentioned, was Committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

A (faults with Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning

Intent to rob. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Punishment of Persons who shall assault any of his Majesty’s Subjects, with Intent to rob them.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-

ofl*nvileges, tions be adjourned.

Ordered, That Sir jValter tVagstaff Bagat have Leave to make a Motion, it being near hive of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly. And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inclosing the Common, or Waste, called Lightwood Fore/t, otherwise Cocknage Banks, and Blurton Common, in the Manor and Parish of Trent ham, in the County of Stafford, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Walter Jlfagstaff Bagott, Mr. Ward, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Rmvney, Sir Justinian Isham, Mr. Philips, Mr. Life, Sir Edward Desboavery, Mr. Kelfal, Sir George Beaumont, Mr. Shaftoe, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Hay, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Vernon, Colonel Onslow, Mr. More, Mr. St. Quintin, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Winford, Sir Jeremy Sambroke, Sir Robert Monroe, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Packer, Mr. Morden, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Martin, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Compton, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Leveson Gower; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Stafford, JVanvick, Salop, and Chester: And they are to meet this Afternoon At Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Packer have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly. And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging a certain Piece of Ground, called the Pest-house Field, from certain charitable Trul’ts; and for settling another Piece of Ground, of equal Extent, and in a more convenient Place, upon the same Trusts; was l ead a Second time.

Rcjbkcd, That the Rill be committed to Mr. Packer, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Philips, Sir Walter Wagstaff Bagatt, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Kel/all, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Morden, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. May, Colonel Onfloxv, Mr. Danvers, Sir John Heath cote, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Lisle, Mr .'Pelfft, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Archer, Mr. ff ms. Wynne, Mr. Shipper. Mr. Cornwall, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Lutwych, Mr. Fazackcrlcy, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Shirley, Mr. Neale, Colonel Handafyde,i Mr. Sandy's, Sir A dot. Oughton, Mr. Alderman Parjbns, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Henley, Mr. Compton, Lord Noel Somerset, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Walker, Mr. Rowney, Sir Jeremy Sambroke, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Vane, Sir Thomas Sebright, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Baptist Levejbn Gower, Mr. Ward, Sir Jermyn Dovers, Sir John Bernard, Mr. Winford; and all the Members that serve . 22

Lightwofed,

See.

Inclosure,

Pest-house

Field

Charitable

Trusts.

for the Counties of Middlesex, Wilts, Warunck, and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaftoe have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly. And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Conveyance of divers Lands and Here-, ditaments, in the County of Durham, late the Estate of John Morland Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts and Incumbrances, was read a Second time.

Resolvetd, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shaftoe, Mr. Packer, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Wins. Wynne, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Robert Monroe, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Rowiiey, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Levifon Gower, Sir Walter Bagott, Sir Jeremy Sambroke, Mr. Lacan Child, Mr. Lister, Mr. Hay, Mr. Life, Mr. Perrfe, Mr. Compton, Mr. Kelfal, Mr. Ozven, Mr. Femvick, Mr. Harvey, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Bacon, Mr. LongueviL'c, Mr. HiltonMr. Phi/ips, Mr. Diglry, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Leheupc, Mr. Ccefar, Mr. Harley, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Kemp, Sir Charles Vernon, Sir Robert Abdy, Sir Robert Kempr Sir John Hind Cotton, Sir Jermyn Davers, Mr. Henley, Mr. Ward, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Danvers, Lord Vane, Mr. Vane, Mr. Shuttleaverth, Mr. Rajhleigh, Mr. Hall, Mr. Winford; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Durham, Northumberland, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker 3 Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Morden have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly; And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to naturalize Anne Judith Bristou e% Wife of John Bristowe Esquire, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Morden, Mr. Hay, Mr. Kelfal, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Owen, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Life, Mr. Peirfe, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Compton, Mr. Morgan, Sir John Barnard, Sir Robert Monroe, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Rowney, Mr. IVms Wynne, Mr. Packer, Sir Jeremy Sambroke, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir Char lea Mordaunt, Mr. Earle, Mr. Tucker, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Bevan, Mr. L,ongueville, Mr. Lout her. Sir John Barrington; and all the Members that serve for the City of London, the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Morgan, Mr. Plumer, Sir Archer Croft, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Harley, Mr. Walcot, Mr* Bramston, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Ward, Mr. Pearce, Mr. Byng, Mr. Rowney, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Packer, Sir John Rujkout, Sir OrL Bridgman, Mr. Bowes, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. More ton, Mr. Jack for/, Mr. Cartwright, Major Duckett, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the Church of Bablack, in the City of Coventry, a Pariflt Church; and for appointing a District or Parish thereto; and for enablki" the Master and U{her of the free Grammar School within the said City to be the Rector and Lc&urer of the find Pariilv Church; is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 26° die Martii;

Anno 70 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1734* Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for continuing, explaining, and making more effectual, Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Third, and the other of the Eighth, Year of

foe

Morland't

Estate.

Briflowe’a

Nat.

Bahlark Church it Coventry*

High?

aui

Il.unpl

Koai

7 Geo. II. Afartit. %gt

the Reign of hie late Majesty King Georgetbe First, for repairing the Highways from the several Places in the said Act 5 mentioned, to High gate G&tehouse, and Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex; and for amending the Roads from the South End of the said Town of Hampstead* to the further End of Borough-lane, in the Parish of Hendon; and for repairing other Roads, therein mentioned, lying in the Parish of (jlington* in the find County; was read the Third tune.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz*

Prds 3. L. 36. After the Word " Elliot* to infer! the Word Esquires

L. 37. To leave out the Word " EHquires," and insert the Word l( Gentleman’* iostead thereof.

And the same were, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, agreed to by the lioufu.

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved'* That the Bill do paso: And that the Title he. An Act for continuing, explaining, and making more effectual, Two Act* of Parliament, one of the Third, and the other of the Eight!), Year of the Reign of his Isle Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the several Plat es in the foul Acts men* tinned, to High gate (iatehouse, and Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex; and for amending Use Hoads from the South End of the said Town of Hampstead* to the further End of Borough-lane* iu die Parish of Hendon; and for repairing other Roads, therein mentioned, lying in the Parish of Islington* in Use laid County.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Child do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Mr. Whitworth* according s > Order, reported from the Committee of die whole House, 10 whom the Bill for the Application and Dispofol of the Kuidue of the Money raised, by way of Lottery, on the Credit of an Act, made iu tlje last Session of Parliament, for the Relief of inch Sufferers in the charitable Corporation as are Objects of Companion, according to the Pdcriptions therein mentioned, was committed) the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House: and he read the Report in his Plaoe; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk a Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and the Three first Amendments were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the Fourth Amendment, Folio 5, L. 13, was read a Second Time, and postponed.

And the rest of the said Amendments, as far as the Amendment, Folio 17, L. H), were severally read a Second tiofc; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The laid Amendment, FoL 17, L. 19, being read a Second time;

A Certificate of Robert Holjwd Fiquire, One of the Commissioners appointed to examine, state, and report, who of the Sufferers in the charitable Corporation are Objects of Compassion, dated the 23d Day of March instant; and the Report of the said Commissioner? of the last Session of Parliament, in favour of Jane Blanchard; w ere read:

Then the said Amendment was, with an Amendment, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for giving time for hearing Appeals of the Proprietors and Creditors of the charitable Corporation, from Adjudications of the Commissioners appointed to examipe, state, and rejwt, who of the Sufferers in the said Corporation are Objects of Compassion:

Anti the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up;

, Vol. 22.

Aud then the Clause was amended; and* upon the Question put thereu|)on, agreed to by the llpufo to be made part of the Bill.

And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Then die postponed Amendment, being taken int<^ Consideration, was, with an Amendment, agreed to by the House.

Ordered That the BUI, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

Ordered, That it be On Instruction to foe Committee, Importattofc to whom foe Bill for the more effectual preventing the foreign clandestine Importation of foreign Hops, is committed;

That they have Power to receive a Clause to prevent the adulterating or foplufticating of Hops, to alter the Colour or Scent thereof.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put;

That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That . they have Power to receive a Clause, That the Weight of Rags for Hops be marked upon the said Bags;

It passed in the Negative.

A Bill for settling how far Owners of Ships shall be Ship answerable for Goods which have been made away with by the Master or M anuers, without the Privity of the Owners, was read a Second time. &c.

Re fitted. That the Bill be committed.

Re jolted, That the Bill he committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock, relblvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Regulating into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Election* im the better regulating the Election of Members to serve in the House of Commons, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland* being read;

Resolved, That this I louse will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, rciblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon die foid Bill.

The oilier Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the importatise whole House, upon the Bill for the Revival of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Coc&*’ Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the free Importation of Cochineal, during the Time therein limited; and olfo for the free Importation of Indigo.

Mr. Sjieaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bevan took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bevan reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir William Milxtcr have Leave to make Earl of a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock. ^l^n^ton 4

And he moved the House accordingly. And,

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for supplying an Omission in a former Act of Parliament, to enable Richard Earl of Burlington to grant Leases of Ground behind Burlbigtpn-houjh* was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm.

Milner* Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Bevan, Mr. TufneUy Mr.

Alartyn* Mr. Winnington, Sir John Barnard* Captain Vernon, Mr. Danvers* Mr. Longueville* Mr. Leans* Mr.

Dig by* Mr. Earle, Mr. Arundel/, Sir Geo. Mckerjie, Mr.

Campbell* Mr. OrUbar* Mr. Leheupe, Mr. Pulteney* Mr.

Holland* Siv John Rushout, Mr. Scott* Mr. RawL Earle*

Sir Robert Monroe* Mr. Stewart* Sir Geo. Beaumont* Mr;

Drummond* Mr. Dalrymple* Mr. Lyster, Mr. Pelham*

Sir Charles Hof ham* Sir IVm. Lowther, Mr. Thompson*

29*

26^ — 27° Martii. 1734.

Mr. Burtoto, Mr. St. Qubttin, Colonel Howard\ Mr. Master, Mr. Crowlt, Sir Win. Wentworth, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Heron, Colonel «SL Cfo/r, Lord Advocate, Colonel Dairy mple; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Middlesex and: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock* in the Speakers Chamber.

And then the House adjourried till Tb-mohriw Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 270 die Martii i

Anno 7* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1734.

Prayers.

Office* A ingossed Bill to indemnify Persons who have and Employ- d* omitted to cjuallfy themselves for Employment?, or meat*. Offices, by taking the Oaths, and making and subscribing the Declaration against Transubstantiation; and receiving the Sacrament; and allowing them further Time for that Purpose; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pase: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Employments, or Offices, by taking the Oaths, and making and subscribing the Declaration Against Transubstantiation, and receiving the Sacrament; and to allow them further Time for that Purpose; and to enable the Vice Chancellorof the University, and Mayor of the Town, of Cambridge, to act as Justices of the Peace for the County of Cambridge, notwithstanding the Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace.

Ordered, That Mr. Winnington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

CuIHford* Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom Estate. ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor, Farm, and Lands, of Encombe, in the County of Dorset, Part of the Estate of John Cul-hford Esquire, deceased, for Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances charged upon and affecting the fame, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill lo the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Supply Bill; An ingossed Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, Land Tax. a Laucj Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1734, was read the Third time*

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title, be, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1734.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to thd Lofrds, and desire their Concurrence.

Importation ’ Mr. Bcvan, according to Order, reported from the of Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

Cochineal, the Revival of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year &c‘ of the Reign of his late Majesty King George tlife First, intituled, An Act for the free Importation of Cochineal, during the time therein limited; and also for the free Importation of Indigo; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read through-22

out; and then a Second time, one by bne; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments; be ingossed;

Mr. Burrell repotted from the Committee, tb whom Forfhlling the Petition of the Bailiff, Constable, Freeholders,' and Cof0# other Inhabitants, of the ancient Borough of Haslemere, in the County of Surrey, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; arid had* directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered itin at the Clerk's Table: Where, the same was read; arid is as follows; viz.

The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House;. of the Second of this Instant March, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition:

And the Petitioners, to prove the Allegations thereof, called,

Mr. Moorey Baxter i Who, being examined, said. That he had for 21 Years past, been a Trader in the Town of ‘Haslemere; and that the Toll of the Market held there is applied to the Use of the poor Inhabitants of that Tow n not receiving Alms 2 That, w ithin these Twb Years, between 40 and 50 Loads of Com have been pitched and fold, upon a Market-day there; but, for a Year palt, there has scarce been, one Day with another, above One Load pitched in the Market; whereby the Toll, which usually produced between £. 50 and £. 60 per Annum; and Was applied as aforesaid, is now reduced to Five Pounds per Annum; and Persons not bringing their Corn to the Market, no Carriages go back from the Town; which has not only reduced the Inhabitants thereof, but has almost entirely destroyed the Trade of the Town.

The said Baxter arid Mr. Wm. Dudman, being severally examined, said, That Corn is usually sold by Samples; whereby the Com Trade now engrossed by the Mealmen and Millers, who combine together, and fix the Price thereof, as they receive Advice from their Factors in London; and the Farmers are now obliged, contrary to former Custom, to carry their Corn to the Mills; although some of the Mills are above Six or Seven Miles farther distant from the Farmers than the Market Town is; which is a great Hardship on the Farmers:

That all Grain, except Barley, is tollable at the Market in Haslemere; and, for want of finall Quantities of Com being brought, and pitched in the Market there, the Inhabitants of the Town cannot be supplied therewith, but are obliged to buy it, at Second-hand, from the Mealmen and Millers.

And the said William Dudman further said, That formerly the Mealmen hired Carriages for the Com, from the Market; and that lie has earned between £4 70 and £, 80 I er Annum for such Carriage; which, although now favorf to the Mealmen, is at the Expence of the Farmer; for it is a clear Advantage to the Mealmen, without any Advantage to the Consumer; and the Farmers are obliged to submit to these Hard ships, by reason the whole Corn Trade is engrossed by the Mealmen, who formerly hirejl the Grinding of their Corn of the Millers; but the Mealmen are now pofi’efled of most of the Mills themselves; so that the Persons who aft as Mealmen are both Mealmen and Millers too; and that he knows that the Mealmen have combined together, under a Penalty, to buy no more Corn pitched in the Market, and that all Com should, for the future, be bought by Samples; and thereby the Mealmen, not being contented to take the Market Buthe), fix the Price of Corn on the Farmers, and the Measure too; for they oblige the Farmers to feii them so much Corn for a Buftiel as weighs 72 Pounds, which generally increases their Measure to Five Buffiel the Sack, whereas formerly a Sack held only Four Bushelsj and they resell it again to the Poor at 56 Pounds only to a Bulliel; and, by this Method, the Mealmen and Millers

7 Geo. II. 27® — 28* Martii.

293

have engrailed the whole Com Trade to themselves, and forestaN the Market*, by flopping Team* ou the Road, as they bring Corn to the Town.

And, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutious:

Rtfotoed, That it appears to this Committee, That Meal men and Millers have combined together to fix the Price and Measure of Corn brought to the Market beM at the Borough of Hajteme in the County of Surrey, and thereby ungraded the whole Cora Trade thereof.

Refitted, That it is the Opioion of this Committee, That the Combination of Meatman and Millers, and their foreflailing of Coro*markets, tend very much to the Prejudice of the Farmers using such Markets, and to the OppreSon of the Poor, and ought to be redrafted.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie apon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Tlmrjicm and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor of Hops/ord, in the County of Warwick, for railing Money towards discharging the Debts and Incumbrances of Elizabeth, late Duchefr of Hamilton and Brandon, deceased: To which the Lords desire the

Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have pa fled a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming, and making effectual, several Articles of Agreement made for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields of Great Cleybrooke, and Little Cleybrooke, in the County of lyjcejder To which the Lords desire the Concurrence oNjns House. And also,

The Lords bav6 uureeahMhe Bill, intituled, An Act to extend the Navigufam of the River Weaver, from WinWord Bridge to the TSown of Namptwich, in the Couiuv of Chester, without toy Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee to whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing the clandestine Importation of Foreign Hops, is committed, That they have Power to extend the Provisions therein to the Importation of foreign Hops into Ireland.

An ingrafted Bill for the Application and Disposal of the Residue of the Money raised, by way of Lottery, on the Credit of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the Relief of such Sufferers in the charitable Corporation as are Objects of Companion, according to the Descriptions therein mentioned, was read the Thrid time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Application and Disposal of the Residue of the Money raised, by way of Lottery, on the Credit of an Act, made in the tail Session of Parliament, for the Relief of such Sufferers in the charitable Corporation as are Objects of Companion, according to the Descriptions therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Wliitroorth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for raising the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; and for making the Militia within the same more useful: And that Mr. Attorney General and Mr. Solicitor General do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better regulating the Election of Members to serve in the House of Commons, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, being read;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to fix and determine the Order of presiding in the District of

Vol. 22.

Boroughs of Wigtoun, WhithorNew Galloway, and

Slranraver.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Robert Monroe took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Monroe reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendment* thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Redempton into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill ot for the more eafv compelling the Redemption of Mort- Mort8a8es-gages, being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve Itself into a Committee of the whole House, upoo the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Rtfbhcd, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply Bill; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole &mking House, upon the Bill for enabling his Majesty to issue, Fund-and apply, a certain Sum, therein to be mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt have Leave to Duchtf* of make a Motion, it being near Six of the Clock. Hamilton’*

And he moved the House accordingly. And, Eftat*.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor of Hop\ford, in the County of Warwick, for railing Money towards discharging the Debts and Incumbrances of Elizabeth, late Duchefr of Hamilton and Brandon, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir John Barnard have Leave to make Cleybrooke a Motion. lociofure.

And he moved the House accordingly. And,

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming, and making effectual, several Articles of Agreement made for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields of Great Cleybrooke, and Little Cleybrooke, in the County of Leicester, was read the First time.

Rtfohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Gregory, Mr. Pelham, Sir Geo. Bablack Downing, Mr. Piers, Mr. Harvey, Sir Wm. Church in

Mr. Heathcote, Colonel Anjkruther, Mr. Gibson, Mr. ov*ntr-v' Glanville, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Andrews, Colonel Read,

Mr. Brifisw, Mr. Drummond, Colonel Pawlett, Mr.

Knollys, Sir Robert Rich, be added to the Committee, to Whom the Bill for making the Church of Bablack, in the City of Coventry, a Parish Church; and for appointing a Dilirift or Parish thereto; and for enabling the Master and Ulher of the free Grammar School within the said City to be Rector and Lecturer of the said Parish Church; is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 28° die Martii;

Anno 7* Georgii II" Regis, 1734.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bilt for the Revival of an Act, made Importation in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late of Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for Coc'1,neal* the free Importation of Cochineal, during the Time therein limited; and also for the free Importation of Indigo; was read the Third time.

4 F An

294 2 Martii. .1734.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press. 1. Line 8. After the Word " Manufactures," to insert the Word " and."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs; and that the Title be, An Act for the Revival of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the free Importation of Cochineal, during the Time therein limited , and also for the free Importation of Indigo.

Ordered, That Mr. Bevan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire' their Concurrence.

BHftow’s Mr, Morden reported from the Committee to whom Wat. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to naturalize Anne Judith Brifiow, Wife of John Brijiow Esquire, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to beutrue 3 and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dp pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Morden do carry the Bill to the-Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Neale presented to the House, according to L*Wf Order, a Bill to explain and amend the Laws now in being against cutting and galhing Hides and Calves- fu^lf skins; and to prevent cutting and gaihing Sheep and Lamb-lkins, for the future: And the same was received , and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, lhat Mr. Paul, Deputy Duties oi> Collector of the Customs, inwards, attended at the Arrack. Door;

He was called in; and at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Produce of the Duties paid upon Arrack, for Three Years, to Christmas 1733; distinguishing each Year; together with a particular Account of the several Subsidies and Duties payable upon the Importation of Arrack.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

O

g

eg'

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

o

°£-

?T

A k A C C O UN T of the Produce of the Duties paid upon Arrack, for Throe Years to Christmas Taft; diainguishing each (Year; together with a particular Account of the feyerai

Subsidies and Duties payable upon the Importation of Arrack; pursuant to an Order of the honourable House of Commons, dated zottflnstant

From Christmas 1730 to Christmas 1731 From Chtiftmds 1731 to Christmas' 1732 From Cfo'iftmas 1732 to Ciiriftmds 1733

Old Subsidy. New Subsidy. 4 Subsidy. y Sudfidy. Impost 1690. Coinage. TOTAL.

377 6 7 377 6 7 125 15 6{ *5* 11 — 1.489 9 2* 137 3 4 2,758 12 3i

" 479 *3 9 479 *3 9 i59 *7 11 3*9 J5 >° 1,893 JO 2 171 8 3 3>5°3 19 8

500 5 8£ 500 5 8$ 166 15 3 333 *0 5i 1,974 16 225 *9 9 3.701 13

Total 1.35.7 6 1.357 6 — .452 8 8$ 9°4 l7 4 5.357 15 7 534 1* 4 9,964 5 — I

We can give no Account of the Produce of the Excise paid on Arrack for the Timeabove mentioned, the same being received at the Excise Office. Custom-house, The several Subsidies and Duties payable upon the Importation of Arrack, are on the Back hereof.

London, March 27th, 1734. Rob. Paul, D. CoIlr,

Examined, Richard Tull. Edward Williams, D. Sr.

Arrack imported from India, before Midsummer17^3, sold at the Company’s Sale, at gs. per Gallon, at a Medium; the real Duties, then payable at the Custom-house, were as follows;

12 Car. 2 - -

1 Geo. z - -

2 and 3 Anne -3and4^w?ie-

2 Wm. and Mary -iS Car. 2.

Old Subsidy New Subsidy + Subsidy -J- Subsidy Old Impost Coinage

- ii — 1*

12 Car. 2d --- D° - -

4 and 5 Wm. and Mary and 6 D\

D° - -

The Excise:

6 Geo. 2d

I I 1 1 1 1,1 I «l I f I I 1 1 I 1 1 1 I I 1 1 I I 1 1 1 1111 11 m _ . T 8 1

Customs Total — 1 H

, - - - , - ~ " 4 v £ d.

- - . - - - -"6;: g

... -. - ;*- * -" - 5 3 - — 1

Excise Total

Since the last is. additiohaVExcise the reduced Value, at the Candle, from whence the Cdstoms are computed, is lessened in Proportion; and Arrack which fells at gj. per (gallon, at the Company's Sale,.pay$ Customs now no more than 16 d: pet Gallon, instead of the above is. 2d. ±; so that the net Customs and Excise, before the last Act

4 , L-: £ *. d.J _ ... £. s d. . - £ S. d. ;i

Examined, Richard Tull.

— A per Gallon y' >nd finee

— .5 6i

Rob. Paul, D. Coll', Edward Williams, D. S'.

o

tu

G

00

53*

SO

t/i

29 6

i8* Martii.

A. 1734.

Ordered, That the fold Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

ATcertaining Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, to Corporation* w^om Bill to ascertain the Demands of the chari-Deniauds. table Corporation against Persons Debtors, or accountable, to them, in a luminary Way, was committed; That the Committeehad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fatoe to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereuntd; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place 5 and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Recovery of A Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debt*, small DelH$, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rtfbived, That this HotiSi will, upon Tuesday Morning next* resolve itfejf into a Committee of the whole; . upon the said Bill.

Paifing the Militia.

Mcfltge from leKi

- Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, aceordingte Order, a Bill for raising the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, although the Month s Fsy, formerly advanced* be not repaid; and for making the Militia within the same more useful: And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. ChSficellor of thO Exfchfcqher acquainted the the King. House, That he had a Message from his Majesty, to this House, signed by his Majesty: And he presented the same to the House; and, all the Members being uncovered, it was read by Mrs Speaker; and is as followeth; viz.

OGEORGE R.

His. Majesty very thankfully acknowledges the Zeal arid Affect'fe^ which this House has shewn in the early Dispatch they have already made in the necessary Supplies for the Publick Service, which his Majesty recommended to their immediate Care, at the Opening of this Selflion.

But the War which has broke out in Europe still unhappily continuing, his Majesty has nothing more at H^art than to see that Flame extinguished, and to avoid, if possible, the engaging his Subjects in the Hazards and Expence of a War; being, at the farite time, desirous neither to give any just A|arm to other Nations, nor to subject himself to any unprovoked Insults.

In this View, and to the End that his Majesty ^Endeavours, in Conjunction with his Allies, for procuring an Accommodation, may, in due time, have the desirea Effect, and that his Majesty may be in a Condition to make good such Engagements, as Honour, Justice, and Prudence, may call upon him to fulfil or contract, and that his Kingdoms may not b® left exposed to any desperate Attempts during such time as it may be im-possible for his Majesty to have the? immediate Advice and Assist^nce of hi? great Council, upon any Emergency arising from the present Posture of Affairs in Europe, which may nearly concern the Interest and Safety of these Kingdoms, his Majesty hopes that he Until be enabled and supported by his parliament, in making such further Augmentation of his Forces, either by Sea or Land, as may be absolutely necessary for the Honour and Defence of his Kingdoms, and in concerting such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require; whatever Expence shall be thereby occasioned Hi all be made in as frugal a manner as is possible; and an Account thereof shall be laid before the next Parliament.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, take h>« Majesty’s most gracious Message into Consideration; The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yew,

Teller, for, heNoer,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

2iz.

m.

Vanifct

Bempde’*

Effete*

Assaultr With latent to rob.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Punishment of Persons who shall assault any of his Majesty’s Subjects, with Intent to rob them.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Allington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. AUingtonreported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again* Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Redemption ing nexL resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of House, upon the Bill for the more easy compelling the Mortgage*. Redemption of Mortgages.

Ordered, That Mr. Scrope have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual preventing the forging the Acceptance of Bills of Exchange, or the Numbers or principal Sums of accountable Receipts, for Notes, Bills or other Securities, for Payment of Money, or Warrants or Orders for Payment of Money, of Deli very of Goods: And that Mr. Scrope, Sir lames L&iother, Mr. Alderman Ferry, and Mr. Sandys, do prepare, and bring in* the fame.

Ordered, That the Lord Glenorchy have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly^ And,

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act . to enable the Trustees and Executors of the last W ill and ’ Testament tfjohn Vanden Bempde Esquire, deceased, la lay out Part of the said Testator’sTrust Estatein the Purchase of Securities asst sting the Marquis of Annandale\ Estate in Scotland, and carrying Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be assigned to the said Trustees, to and for the same U.fes and Trusts,

# as

Far gene* of Bills of Exchange.

Vanden

Bempde’f!

Estate.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thwrfion and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees and Executors of the last Will and Testament of John Vanden Bempde Esquire, deceased, tb say out Part of the said Testator’s Trust Estate in the Purchase of Securities affecting the Marquis of Annan« dale's Estate in Scotland, and carrying Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be assigned to the said Trustees, to and for the same Uses and Trustsas by the said Will are declared of and concerning the said Trust Estate: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Maeufadure to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Eleventh

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the 0 lrtj First, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Manufefture of Cloth in the West Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

jlrofr 'v That t

And then tl Morning

Finer

Anno

Phaters.

[ BILL to e

1 il being again Caires-lkiri.s and I 23d Lamb Skins so BtfoM, That! Mr. Scrope, Sir If h‘ko!e< Mr. 1 Jbwlfiflfll', Mr. Hijackfon, Mr. ( rile, Major Sd:c ]kPoien;er, Sir Fimt, Mr. Moj Fuji, Sir floger Bn Mr. hneihj, Sir hfiout, Mr. Pori Mr. Em, Sir Ed Mr. bijler, Sir li Members that fei ties of Middle fa And they are to Clock, in the Sp<

z Sir Robert Mo, J. the Committee c k the better re ierre in the Hoi Irilain called -Si which the Comn they had directei read the Report lb Bill, with the Were the Ame and several of tj one, as far as t upon the Ques One of them,1 merits to feme 1 Ordered, Tli Report be adjo

5 Mr. Pelham f Mil for the i Importation 0 the Commiltei fereral Amend:

ia his Place; at

Amendments Second time, < felly put there

Ordered\ T

Mr. Scrop, £ °*r, a Bil ' fethe j

%ey, or \ or Delivery 1 ^dread the

>0L. 2'

7 Geo. II. 28' — 29 —

297

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration his Majesty's most gracious Mortage of Yesterday.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to declare the Duty and Fidelity of this House to his Majesty; and the entire Confidence which they repose in his Royal Care and Endeavours for the Security of his Kingdoms, and for restoring the Peace of Europe; to express the just Sense they ha\e of his Majesty* Attention to the true Interest of his People, in previously taking the Advice and Concurrence of this House at this critical Conjun&urc, in order to make the necessary Provisions against any Emergencies arising from the present Posture of Affairs iu Europe9 especially during the Interval of Parliament; to desire his Majesty to make such Augmentation of his Forces, by Sea or Land, as his Majesty, in his great Wisdom, thall judge necessary; and to concert such Measures as the Exigent'/ of Affairs shall require; this House not doubting but that his Majesty will find, that his faithful Commons will at all times, when the Accounts shall belaid before them, of the extraordinary Expences incurred by his Majesty, for the Honour, Interest, and Defence, of his Kingdoms, eflVftually enable his Majesty to answer and make good the fame;

The 1 Ion ft; divided.

Add ref* on Message.

The Yeas went forth. Tellers for the Yeas.

CSir John Heathcoie, (Mr. Earle:

] 218. } *47-

rr it r 4| v |S\r Robert Grosvenor,

Tellers for the No.*, U’y

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know his Majesty a Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and ComrnIttee Elections Ixj adjourned. of Erivilcgell

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

as by the said Will tire declared of and concerning the said Trust Estate, was read the First time.

llejotvedy That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Niue of the Clock.

Veneris, 290 die Martii;

Anno 7* Georgii IP* Regis, 1734. Praters.

A BILL to explain and amend the Laws now in being against cutting and gafliing Hides and Caives-flcitis, and to prevent cutting and gafliing Sheep and Lamb Skins for the fiture, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Neah\ Mr. Scrape, Sir flw, llcathcotc, Mr. Iui roc he, Sir John llcathcotc, Mr. Philips, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Brook (bank, Mr. Dighy, Mr. Saw v9 Lord Morpeth, 'Slr.jackson, Mr. Cunningham, ^IrA lucks, Mr. Ijongue-ville9 Major Scktyn, Lord Ty remind! % Mr. Gland lie, Mr. Polcnger, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Masters, Mr. Fane, Sir Abra. Elton, Mr. Hay, Sir RogerBrad/hnigh, Mr. llcathcotc, Mr. Martin, Mr. Anncjley, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Burton, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Par fans, Mr. Vyner, Lord Fere Beauclerk, Mr. Bacon9Sir EdicardStanley, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Earle9 Mr. Lyjler9 Sir Robert Monroe, Mr. Lehcup, and all the Members that serve for the City of ljondon9 and Counties of Middlefe.v, Surry, Kent9 Sussex9 and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Sir Robert Monroe, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill fur the better regulating the Election of Memlxrs to serve in the House of Commons for that Part of Great Britain called Sc otland,.....the Amendments

which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and several of them being read a Second Time, one by one, as far as the Amendment, l ol. 21, L. 14, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, except One of them, which was disagreed to, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Pelham reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing the clandestine Importation of foreign Hops, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him toreport to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, wrere, writh Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Scrope presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectual preventing the forging the Acceptance of Bills of Exchange, or the Numbers or principal Sums of accountable Receipts for Notes, Bills, or other Securities, for Payment of Money, or Warrants or Orders for Payment of Money, or Delivery of Goods: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time,

Vol. 22.

Jounce, i° die Aprilis;

Anno 7# Georgii IP1 Regis, 1734.

Prayers.

II E House being informed, that Submission had Pmilege. been made, and Satisfaction given, to Sir Abraham Elton Baronet, a Member of this House, in relation to the Breach of Privilege complained of the 19th Day of last Month;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor of Hopsfordfxxx the County of Warwick, for raising Money towards discharging the Debts and Incumbrances of Elizabeth late Duchess of Hamilton and Brandon, deceased, was read a Second time!

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Win ford, Mr. Harley, Colonel Town-J/tend, Mr. Digfyj, Mr. Neale, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Sir Wm. lVentioorth, Sir Win. lleathcote, Mr. Cox, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Clay ton, Sir Conyers 1)' Arcy9 Mr. Woltafion, Mr. Jacljim, Mr. Vincent9\Mr. Treby, Mr. Neiclandy Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Yorke, Lord Egmont, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Lnmley, Sir John Bar-vardy Mr. Horner, Mr. Butler, Sir Abra. Elton, Lord G tenor chy, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Walpole,

4 G: Sir

Duchess of Hamilton's Estate.

C ley brook e Inclosure.

The King

appoints to be attended.

Forgeries, of Bills of Exchange.

Recovery Small Debts

ap8 i°

A. 1734.

Sir Charles'Wager, Sir Charles Hot ham, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Earle, Lord Vane, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Lord Corn-bury, Mr. Lufwych, Mr. Fazackerlty, Sir Michael Newton, Mr. Archer, Mr. Packer, Mr. Forbes, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Erjhine, Sir John Bruce, Mr. Murray Lord Archibald Hamilton, Mr. Pelham, Sir,

Monroe, Colonel Dalrymple, Sir /*/>?/« Dairympie, Captain Dalrymple, Colonel -5V. Clair, Mr. Stewart, Sir James Fergufov, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Heron, Sir Robert Rich, Colonel Campbell, §\y James Campbell, Mr. Rutherford, Sir }James Nafmitfi\ Mr. Monroe: and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Warwick, Leicester, Dorset, and Somerset; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in "the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming, and making effectual, several Articles of Agreement made for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields of Great Cleybrooke, and Little Cleybrooke, S’n the County of Leicester, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Beaumont, Mr. Winford, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Newland, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Hay, Sir Robert Kempe, Mr. Treby, Mr. Ijongueville, Sir John Bruce, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Townshend, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Clayton, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Vincent, Sir James Campbell, Lord Glenorchy, Mr. Henley, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Master, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Lord Egmont, Mr. St. Quintin, Mr. Burton, Mr. Campbell, Sir John Williams, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Sehvyn, Mr. Earle, Mr. Rutherford, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Boone, Colonel Read, Mr. PUmpire, Sir Herbert Pakinton, Mr. Martyn, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Heron, Mr. Wollafion, Mr. Harley, Mr. Neale, Mr. Jewkes, Mr. Danvers; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Leicester, Warwick, Northampton, and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That his Majesty, having been waited upon, pursuant to the Order of Friday last, humbly to know when he would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been ^pleased to appoint this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, at his Palace of St. James.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing the forging the Acceptance of Bills of Exchange, or the Numbers or Principal Sums of accountable Receipts for Notes, Bills, or other Securities, for Payment of Money, or Warrants or Orders for Payment of Money, or Delivery of Goods, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Filazers of his Majesty’s Court of; Common Pleas at Westminster, was presented to the House* and read } setting forth, That the Filazers are Officers as ancient as the Court of Common Pleas; and that their Offices have always been granted them for Life, and enjoyed as Freeholds: That, in Right of their Offices, they make out the mesne Process of that Court, and enter the Appearances of Defendants, which isdone at a very small Charge: That if the Method proposed by the Bill now depending in this House, for the more eafyand speedy Recovery ot small Debts, takes place, the Petitioners, as they apprehend, will be so far deprived of the Ordinary Income of their Offices, that the Profits will not answer the Expence of the due Execution thereof: And therefore, in Expectation of some reasonable Satisfaction for this Loss, praying, That the House will be pleased to make them Clerks of the Bills, or Petitions, in the Bill mentioned, in the respective

Comities for which they are Filazers; or that they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, before it doth pass; or be otherwise relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, he heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, according to the Prayer of their Petition.

t.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Vanden to enable the Trustees and Executors of the lait Will and Testament of John Vanden Bempde Esquire, de- \ ceased, to lay out Part of the said Telia for’s Trull Estate in the Purchase of Securities afleCling the Marquis of Annandaleys Estate in Scotland, and carrying filtered after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be assigned to the said TrulUes to and for the same Uses and Trulls as by the said Will are declared of and concerning the said Trull Estate* was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Gle-norchy, Mr. Rajlileigh, Mr. Selzvyn, Sir John Cope, Mr.

Gybbon, Colonel Anjlruther, Mr. Drummond, Doctor Lee, Mr. Tilfon, Mr. Wyndham, Sir Robert Kempe, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Rutherford, Lord Fere Beauclerk,

Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Sir Thomas Saunderson, Mr. Whitworth, Sir John Kyles, Sir Win. Yonge, Mr. Walpole,

Mr. Danvers, Sir Charles Hotham, Mr. Glanville, Mr.

Boone, Mr. Shippen, Lord Coin bury. Sir Michael Newton, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Earle, Mr. Fane, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Lulzvyche, Mr. Archer, Mr. Packer, Lord Advocate, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Erskine, Sir John Bruce,

Mr. Murray, Lord Archibald Hamilton, Mr. Pelham,

Sir Robert Monroe, Sir James Dalrymple, Mr. Dalrym* pie, Colonel St. Clair, Mr. Steuart, Mr. Douglas, Sir James Ferguson, Mr. Sandys, Sir Robert Rich, Colonel Campbell, Mr. Winford, Mr. Hay, Sir James Campbell,

Mr. Tower, Mr. Brookfiank, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Gould, Sir Wm. Ilealhcole, Mr. JVolte f on, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kemp, Mr. P [umpire,

Mr. Vincent; and all the Members that serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Adolphus Onghton reported from the Committee, Bablack to whom the Bill for making the Church of Bablack, Church io in the City of Coventry, a Parish Church, and for ap- Coventry, pointing a District or Parish thereto; and for enabling the Mailer and Ullier of the Free Grammar School within the said City to be Rector and Lecturer of the said Parish Church: was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Vicar and Parishioners of St. Michael, in the City of Coventry, and also the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Michael, in the City of Coventry; were referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had heard the Petitioners on the First Petition by their Counsel, against the said Bill; and had also heard Counsel, in favour of the said Bill, against the said First Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there* unto: which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at die Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and several of them, being read a Second time, one by one, as far as the Amendment, Folio 12, Line 19, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

1

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Duties Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Alm‘i whole House, to consider of the Subsidies and Duties p^abje upon Arrack.

Dig . ?d

0

7 Geo. II.

Aprilis.

Boone’s

Hate,

for Matters,

Ac,

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Debate of Monday last, upon the Motion made for a Second Reading of the ingrod’ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Houses in Blcchingly, in the County of Surrey, late the Estate of George Evelyn Esquire, deceased, in Charles Boone Esquire, and for settling another Estate, of greater Value, on the Daughters and Coheirs of the said George Evelyn, in lieu of, and Exchange for, the fame.

Ordered, That the Debate be further adjourned till Friday Morning next.

Ship-Owners The Order of the Day, for the House torefolve itself respobfibility into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for settling how far Owners of Ships shall be answerable for Goods which have been made away with by the Matter or Mariners, without the Privity of the Owners, being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling his Majesty to issue and apply a certain Sum, therein to be mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund, being read j

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

AMswith Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday knuorob. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Punishment of Persons who shall assault any of his Majesty’s Subjects, with Intent to rob them.

linking

fund.

Raining to® in ScUbsd.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, proceed in the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better regulating the Election of Members to serve in the House of Commons, for that Part of Great 2JnW;z called Scotland, was committed.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and

of Elections be adjourned.

Pmilfgtt,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 2° die Afrilis;

Anno 70 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1734. Prayers.

kftaiiing A PETITION of the Mayor, Aldermen, and free !iCorD' Burgesses, of the Borough of Helfton, in the Coun-

ty of Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; complaining. That, of late Years, divers Millers, Meal-men, and Bakers, who have ingrossed the greatest Part of the Corn Trade near the said Borough, have secretly bought great Quantities of Corn, by small Samples, of the neighbouring Farmers, wjio, by that means, do not bring their Corn into the Market to be sold; whereby the Tolls of the said Borough, which are applied towards the Maintenance of the many poor Inhabitants, and the Repair of the Church, thereof (there being no Rate upon the Inhabitants for either), have been greatly reduced, and the Trade thereof hath been almost entirely loft; and that these illegal Practices have, of late Years, been carried on, in divers Parts of England, by Millers, Mealmen, and Bakers, combining to fix the Price and Measure of Com; and compelling the country Farmers, the Sellers thereof, to carry the same to the Houses of the Buyers; whereby the Trade of several considerarid Towns, and especialiy of the said Borough, hath been Vot. 2*. G

Lightwood,

&c.

Inclefure.

199

destroyed; and the Tolls thereof, and the Revenue arising thereby, have been greatly lefl’ened; the Laws made for punching Regrators, Forestallers, and In-groflers, being become obsolete, or the Execution thereof being attended with great Expence and Difficulty:

And therefore praying the House to lake their same into Consideration; and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to prevent such Practices for the future; or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Ward reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inclosing the Common or Watte called Lightwood Forest, otherwiseCocknage Banks, and Blurton Common, in the Manor and Parish of Trentham, in the County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Ward do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir William Milner reported from the Committee, to Earl of whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Burlington'* Act for supplying an Omission in a former Act of Par- Estate* liament, to enable Richard Earl of Burlington to grant Leases of Ground behind Burlington-house, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Milner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Shaftoe reported from the Committee, to whom Morland* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estate. confirming a Conveyance of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Durham, late the Estate of John Morland Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts and Incumbrances, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass:

Ordered, That Mr. Shaftoe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill to ascertain the Demands of the charitable charitable Corporation against Persons Debtors or rc- Corporatioa. countable to them, in a summary Way, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for settling and determining, in a summary Way, the Demands of the charitable Corporation for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, against Persons accountable to the said Corporation, with respect to Certificates of fictitious or insufficient Pledges.

Ordered,

Preventing

Stock-

jobbing.

South Sea Company^ Bonds.

Royften, &c. Road.

Janflen’s

Estate.

Strode’s

Estate.

Bull’s

Nat.

Boone’s

Estate.

Importation of foreign Hops.

y.

JOO

2" A'prills. A: 1734.

Ordered, That Mr. Winnington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the infamous Practice of Stockjobbing, without any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bilk intituled, An Act to explain an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the converting a further Part of the capital Stock of the South Sea Company into Annuities, redeemable by Parliament; and for settling the regaining Part of the said Stock in the said Company, so far as the said Act relates to the paying off the Bonds of the said Company, without any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Fil'd, intituled, An Act for the more effectual amending the Highways leading from Rojjston, in the County of Hertford, to Wandsford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, so far as the same relates to the amending that Part of the Road as lies between a Place called The While Post, upon Alconbury Hill, and Wandsford Bridge, in the said County of Huntingdon, called The North Division, without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in Sir Theodore Janffen Knight and Baronet, and his Heirs, the Remainder in Fee-simple, now in the Crown, expectant on the Determination of certain Estates Tail, of and in the Manor and Advqwfon of Qxver Moigne, in the County of Dorfel, and several Lands and Hereditaments to the same Manor belonging, without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands and Tenements, lying contiguous to the Citadel of Plymouth, being the Estate of William Strode, an Infant, in Trustees, in order to sell and convey the same to or for the Use of his Majesty, without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalise Barlold Bull, without any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate late of George Evelyn Esquire, deceased, in the County of Surrey, in Trustees, in order to sell and convey the same to Charles Boone Esquire, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate late of George Evelyn Esquire, deceased, in the County of Surrey, in Trustees, in order to sell and convey the same to Charles Boone Esquire, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual preventing the clandestine Importation of foreign Hops, was read the Third time. \

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 2. Line 9. To leave out the Words" by which," and, after " and, " to insert the Words " whereas by

Line 11. After the Word " and, " to insert the Words " brought into, and vended in :"

Line 13 and 14. To leave out the Words " without Payment of any Duty," and to insert the Words " contrary to Law :"

Line 26. To leave out the Word " and, " and to insert the Word " or

Line 27. After the Word "Yeffiel," to insert the Words " in Great Britain

Line 3 v After the Word u respectively," to insert the Words "or if any foreign Hops, other " than of British Growth, shall be landed or put on " Shore out of anjr Ship or Vessel in Ireland ;"

Line 36. To leave out the Word " im*

" ported

Line 37. To leave out the Word " and, " and insert the Word " or

Line 38. After the Word " Vessel," to mi-fert the Words " in Great Britain or Ireland

Press 3. Line 1. After the Word "or," to insert the Word " that*

Lrne 9. After the Word a Persons," to insert the Words " in Great Britain or Ireland

Line 26. After the Word " imposed," to insert the Words "the suing for, levying, and recover-M tng, of which, are not hereby' before particularly " provided for:"

Line 28. After the Word " mitigated," to insert the Words " in Great Britain ox Ireland pectively:"

Line 37. After the Word "fame," to leave out to the End of the Bill.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended nt the Table accordingly.

Rejhlvcd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual preventing the clandestine Importation of foreign Hops into Great Britain and Ireland; and to prevent the Adulterating or Sophifticating of Hops to alter the Colour or Scent thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Pelham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House attended his Answer Majesty Yesterday with their Address: To which his toAdduk Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer; viz.

Gentlemen,

I return you my Thanks for these Assurances of your Duty and Fidelity to my Person and Government, and for the Confidence which you repose in me: I desire only, that I may be in a Condition to support the Honour and interest of my Crown an$l People; and the Power you have given me shall be made use of t9 no other Purpose.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen, and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the BUI, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-four, without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill; intituled, An Act to explain, and make more effectual, the Laws in being to oblige the Possessors of Lands adjacent to common Highways to cut and keep low such Hedges as are adjoining to the said Highways, with some Amendments; To which Amendments the Lords deflre the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for* granting to Samuel Buckley, Citizen and Stationer of London, the foie Liberty of printing and reprinting the Histories of Thu anus, with Additions and Improvements, during the Term therein limited, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Supply Bi Lund Ta:

Hedges

adjacent

ItigM

Buckley Privileg print ini Thuami Historic.

A Petition of Sipion Mitchell Esquire, one of the Van Trustees and Executors named in the last Will and Tef-tament of John Vanden Bernpde Esquire, deceased, and [u who chiefly hath acted in the said Trust, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, now depending in this House, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees and Executors of 15 o the

J Geo. II.

2° Apri

30!

the lad Will and Testament of John Vanden Bjsmpde

ffquire, deceased, to lay out Part of the said Testator’s rust Estate in the Purchase of Securities affecting liie Marquis of Annandale's Estate in Scotland, and carrying Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be assigned to the said Trustees, to and for the same Uses and Trulls as by the said Will are declared of and concerning the said Trust Estate; will, as the Petitioner conceives, if passed into a Law, greatly hinder and delay, if not entirely defeat, the Execution of the Trusts created by the last Will and Testament of the said John Vanden Bempde, and occasion great Trouble and Prejudice to the Petitioner: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee; to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner, if he thinks fit; be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee; against the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition*

Baii'njj the A Bill for raising the Militia of that Part of Great Militia. Britain called England, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; and for making the Militia within the same more useful; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole H upon the said Bill.

Invent A Bill for Relief of insolvent Debtors, was read a Debtors. Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Gage, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Henry Gough, Mr. Bi/ng, Sir AdoL Oughton, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Lvfter, Mr* Hucks, Mr* Longueville, Mr. Neale, Mr. Ward, Lord Egmont, Mr. Stert, Mr. Goddard, Mr. While, Mr. Flumptre, ^Ir. St. Quin tin, Lord Vere Beauclerk, Mr. Hay, Mr. Campbell, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Laroche, Sir Geo. Saunders, Mr. Rq/hLeigh, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Tuf-nell, Mr. Copyleft071, Sir Thomas Robinson, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Win-ford, Mr. jackson, Mi\ Palmer, Mr. Toicnshend, Sir Francis Child\ Sir Just. I/ham, Mr* Compton, Mr. Wal-tot, Mr. Allington, Sir A bra. Elton, Colonel Berkley, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Vincent, Sir James Grant, Sir Roger Meredith, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Burrard, Sir I Robert Munroe: And they are to rileet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

lip Owners Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bpoiin^lity to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, j!krs’ upon the Bill for settling how far Owners of Ships shall be answerable for Goods which have been made away with by the Master or Mariners, without the Privity of the Owners, be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Perry took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Perry reported From the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed I him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, f^v the House Recovery of to resolve itself into a Committee Of the whole House; Smali upon the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Mont!*, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ufion the said Bill.

The Order of the Day, for the House to proceed in Regulating the further Consideration of the Report from the Com* Eledious ia mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Scotland, better regulating the Election of Members to serve in the House of Commons for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, proceed in the further Consideratiorl of the said Report:;

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Forgeries of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bills of upon the Bill for the more effectunl preventing the forg4 Exchange, ing the Acceptance of Bills of Exchange, dr the Numbers or principal Sums of accountable Receipts Tor Notes, Bills, or other Securities, for Payment of Money, or Warrants or Orders for Payment of Money or Delivery of Goods, be now read:

And the same being rend accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, To-mofrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Hdqfe Supply Bill* o resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling his Majesty to issue and ap- un ply a certain Sum, therein to be mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund, be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for proceeding J?abla,cH in the further Consideration of the Report from the Com^ Coventry? mittee, to whom the Bill for making the Church of Bablack, in the City of Coventry, a Parish Church, and for appointing a Ditlrift or Parish thereto; and for enabling the Master and Usherof the free Grammar School within the said City to be Rector and Le&urer of the said Parish Church, was committed, be now read :.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committed of the Redemption whole House, upon the Bill for the more easy qompeb- Mort°*ef ling the Redemption of Mortgages.

Mr, Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Allington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Allington reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several ’ Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive th,e fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Niue of the Clock.

4h

I©4 3° Aprilis. ' A. 1734.

Mers urii, 30 die;

Anno 7* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1734. IPrXte^s.

\/TR'. Sticker reported from the Committee, t'o whom i:\jL the Wigtofted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act fordischarginga cettain Pieiceof Ground, called the pejthoiffe Fi^ldp from certain charitable Trusts; and for settling another Pfete/of Ground, of equal Extent* and in a more conVehierit Place, upon the same Trusts; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, &nd foitnd the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Profs 1. L. 17. After "then," insert "for the said

Purposes:"

L. 18. After "Field" insert " and applied the same to the said Ends and Purposes

rrefs a. L. 7. After " the," insert " Ufeand Behoof u of the:"

L. 8. After " nevertheless," insert " and to

and for the Uses, Intents, and Purposes, therein after-u mentioned, and to and for no other Use, Intent, or " Purpose, whatsoever; that is to say, In Trust

Press 3.L. 26. Leave out " thereby and insert " by " the behth of the said Sir Wm. Craven:"

L. 20. Leave out from " Release," to " are,’* in Line 23; and, instead thereof, insert "fubieft to the

Trust aforesaid

Prest 8. L. 5. After "declared," insert "of and concerning the same, and to and for no other Use,

Intent^ or Purpose, whatsoever

L. 20 Leave out from the 2d " as," to u aiYd;" in Line 22; and, instead thereof, insert " are " delineated and described in a Plan agreed on for that u Purpose, and signed by the said William Lord Craven, " and all, or the major Part of, the Churchwardens and u Overseed of the Poor, for the Time now being, of " each of the said Parishes of St. Clement Danes, St. kt Martin in the Fields, St. James, Westminster, and St.

Pault Covent Garden, and left in the V eft ry-rooms or " Houses of those Parishes respectively

L. 24. After the Fiift "and," insert " also u that they the said Trustees:"

L. 25. Leave out " Messuage or Tenement/’ and insert " Messuages* Tenements, and Buildings."

L. 39. After " Sickness," insert " and to 11 and for4 no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoevfcr

Press g* L. 1. Leave out "Surgeon or Surgeons," and insert " Person or Persons:"

L. 3. After " also," insert " that they the said Trustees:"

hi 4. Leave out " thereafter," and insert hereafter i"

L. to Leave out "and to," and insert " or v which shall hereafter

L. it. After "built," insert "upon the fame:"

L. 16, and V7. Leave out " Wm. Lord Craven, and his," and insert " Fultvitr Craven and Wm. u Craven, and their ih

L. ao. After u Rents," insert " Issues L. 22. Leave out " Messuage or Tenement/’ and Insert " Messuages or Tenements:"

L. 23. Leave out "id to be erected," and insert " biiilt," and, in the same Line, after " and/’ insert " to be

L. 24. Leave out from " Repair,51 to " and, "

in Line 38.

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally "put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for proceeding Bablack in the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the Church of °'Mtry Bablack, in the City of Coventry, a Parish Church, and for appointing a District or Parish thereto; and for enabling the Mailer and Usher of the free Grammar School, within the said City, to be Rector and Lecturer of the said Parish Church; was committed; be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

The House resumed the further Consideration of the said Report:

And the rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, were severally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to some of them, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, When the Inhabitants of the new-intended Parish shall be discharged from the Payment of Surplice Fees, or Perquisites, to the Vicar of St. Michael, in Coventry, and when the same Ilia 11 be payable to the Rector of that Parish; and for settling what he and his Successors shall have for Burials in the Church and Chancel of that Parish.

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to directwhat Dues, Fees, Perquisites, and Profits, shall be paid and allowed to the Clerk and Sexton of the new-intended Parish; and when the same shall become payable:

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And some other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House SuFPly Bi to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling his Majesty to issue and apply a certain Sum, therein to be mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund, be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

A Motion was made, and a Question being proposed.

That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation; with a Power to his Majesty to apply such Sums of Money as shall be necessary for or towards the Increase of the Expences that shall arise by the Augmentation of his Majesty’& Forces by Sea or Land, as his Majesty, in his great Wisdom, shall judge necessary to make, and for concerting such Measures as the Exigency* of his Affairs may require;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " with a Power to " his Majesty to apply such Sums of Money, as shall " be necessary for or towards the Increase of the* Expences that shall arise by the Augmentation of his Majesty’s Forces by Sea or Land, as his Majesty in " his great Wisdom shall judge necessary t,o make;

" and for concerting such Measures as the Exigency " or his Affairs may require:"

And the Question being put; Tha£ those Words Hand Part of the Question;

22 Thtf

7 Geo. II.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, fa.be Yea,

Wlerefor.l«No«e{M;:^»-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation, with a Power to his Majesty to apply such Sums of Money, as shall be necessary, for or towards the Increase of the Expences that shall arise by the Augmentation of Ins Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land, as his Majesty, in his great Wisdom, shall judge necessary to make j and for concerting such Measures as the Exigency of his Affairs may require.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Perry, according to Order, reported from lilt* Committee of the whole Houfl-, to whom the Bill lor settling how far Owners of Ships shall be anuver-able for Goods which have hem made away with by the Matter, or Mariners, without the Privity of the Owner* was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House.

OnliTcd, Tint the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effvftmd preventing the forging the Acceptance of Bills of Exchange, or the Numbers or principal Sums of accountable Receipts for Notes, Bills, or other Securities, for Payment of Money, or Warrants or Orders for Payment of Money, or Delivery of Goods, he now read:

And the same being read accordingly.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sundys took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

T lie Order of the Day, for proceeding in the further Consideratton of the Report, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better regulating the Election of Members to serve in the House of Commons for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, being read;

licjolved, That this House will. Tomorrow at Twelve of the Clock, prdceed in the further Consideration of the said Report.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Vol.

3-4°

|155-

| 6o.

m

into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Subsidies and Duties payable upon Arrack, being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Railing ib# Whole House, upon the Bill for raising the Militia of Militia, that Part of Great Britain called England, although the

Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; and for making the Militia, within the same, more ufefu).

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the Committee

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Committee Elections be adjourned. Privilege*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 4° die Aprilit;

Anno 70 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1734.

Praters.

MR. Sandy s, according to Order, reported from the Forwiei ' Committee of the whole House, to whom the of Bills of Bill for the more effectual preventing the forging the Acceptance of Bills of Exchange, or the Numbers or principal Sums of accountable Receipts for Notes, Bills, or other Securities, for Payment of Money, or Warrants or Orders for Payment of Money or Del ivery of Goods, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; amt which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report ill his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where thi Amendments w'ere once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for making the Church of Bablack, Bablack in the City of Coventry, a Parish Church; and for Church in appointing a Diflri6t or Parish thereto; and for enabling ovtnlr.v-the Matter and Ullier of the free Grammar School, within the said City, to be Rector and Lecturer of the said Parish Church, was read the Third time.

Resolved, that the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for making the Church of Bablack, in the City of Coventry, a Parish Church; and for appointing a District or Parish thereto; and for enabling the Matter and Ulher of the free Grammar School, within the said City, to be Rector and Lecturer of the said Parish Church.

Ordered, That Sir Adolphus Oughton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Hedges Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, *^enl An Act to explain, and make more effectual, the Laws 'vay* in being to oblige the Possessors of Lands adjacent to common Highways to cut, and keep low, such Hedges as are adjoining to the said Highways:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow: tdz.

Press

B°4

4° xiprilis.

i?34-

Press 2. L. 2i. After "appeal*," insert "or to fend c< feme Person duly authorized to appear for them :" Press 3. L. 14. After " reasonable," insert " so as " such Hedge or Hedges be left at least Three Feet " high above the Bank."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Sidney Beauderk do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Buck fey’s The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Privilege of Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Irhaunus’ An £rantin& to Samuel Buckley, Citizen and

Histories. Stationer of London, the foie Liberty of printing and

reprinting the History of Thuanus, with Additions and Improvements, during the Time therein limited:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 2. Line 2<*. Leave out " January" and insert " May:"

Line 24* Leave out " Three," and insert

" Fohr:"

Line 25. After " declared," insert " to be " deemed and considered as,"

1 he said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumptre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships*

Ship Owners An ingrafted Bill for settling how far Owners of responsibility Ships shall he answerable for Goods, which have been ft ^Matters, marje away with by the Matter, or Mariners, without the Privity of the Owners, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for settling how far Owners of Ships shall be answerable for the Acts of the Matters or Mariners.

Ordered, That Sir John Barnard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Regulating The House, according to Order, proceeded in the Scotland'11 ^urt*ler Consideration of the Pteport from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Election of Members to serve in the House of Commons for that Pdrt of Great Britain called Scotland,

And the rest of the Amendments, tnade by the Committee to the Bill, as far as the Amendment in Folio 2 3, Line 7, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House.

Then the Amendment Folio 23, Line 7, viz. to leave out from the Word " Scotland," to the Word " and, " in Line 10; and, instead thereof, to insert " shall be " capable of being elected, or of fitting or voting, as a " Member of the House of Commons, in any Parlia-€€ ment which shall be hereafter summoned or holden," being read;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out the Word " the," between the Word "of" and the Word fi< House," in order to amend the said Amendment, by inserting the Word " either," instead of the Word " the;" and by leaving out the Word " Commons," and, instead thereof, inserting the Word " Parliament."

And the Question being put, That the Word itand Part of the Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Amendment, made by the Committee, to the Bill, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Thereft of the said Amendments, being severally read 3 Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for obliging the several Sheriffs and Stewarts in Scotland, after the Writ shall colne to their Hands, to issue their Precepts to the several Boroughs within their Jurisdictions, to elbft their Delegates, and to cause the same to be delivered to the chief Magistrate of such Borough, refiant therein, tfrho shall call the Council of the Borough together, in order to elect a Delegate.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; tfrhich Were filled upi And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And feverdl other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr.

Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A# Offices and to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify them- Kmpioy-selves for Employments, or Offices, by taking the Oaths, meuls and making and subscribing the Declaration against Transubstantiation, and receiving the Sacrambnt, and to allow them further time for that Purpose; and to enable the Vice Chancellor of the Universfty, and Mayor of the Town of Cambridge, to act as Justices of the Peace for the County of Cambridge, notwithstanding the Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace; without any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act wvn^3m^ to enable Joseph Wyndham Esquire, and his Ififue Male, ‘tome, to take and use the Surname of A/he, pursuant to the last Will and Testament of Dame Mary Ashe, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from Supply Bill the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Sinking for enabling his Majesty to iilue and apply a certain Sum therein to be mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time. One by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill; with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House, according to Orders resolved itself into a Aflauh w Committee of the whole House, toconsider further of the Intent for. Bill for the better Pun ishment of Persons who shall assault any of his Majesty’s Subjects, with Intent to rob them.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Allington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. yf Mf. Allington reported from the Committee, That "the they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day, for the House to resolve Duties

Itself Arrac

o

7 Geo. II.

4° — 50

itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Subsidies and Duties payable upon Arrack, being read;

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of the Duties, paid upon Arrack for Three Years, to Christmas 1733; distinguishing each Year; together with a particular Account of the several Subsidiesand Duties payable upon the Importation of Arrack, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same*.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ord red. That Mr. B ram ft on, Sir Geo. Cafvall, Mr. Fane, Mr. Lezcis, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Tniftecs and Executors of the last Will and Testament of John Vanden Betnpde Esquire, deceased, to lay out Part of the said Testator’s Trust Eilat e in the Purchase of Securities affecting the Marquis of Annan-dale's Estate in Scotland, and carrying Intel eft alter the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to he assigned to the said Trullees, t» and for the same Uses an'I Trusts, as by the said Will are declared of and concerning the said Trust Ed ate, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Viexerts, 50 die Aprilis \

Anno 7* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1734.

Pray f r s.

A PETITION1 of the Butchers, inhabiting in the several Markets of the City and Liberties of West-viinster, was on Tented to the House, and read; allcdg-ing, That the Bill, now depending in this House, to explain and amend the Laws, now in bring, against cutting and gashing Hides and Calve-skins, and to prevent cutting and gashing Sheep and Lamb-skins, so,* the future, will, if passed into a Law, he very detrimental to the Petitioners, and also to the Publick in general, in divers Particulars: And therefore praying to be heard, by their Counsel, or otherwise, before the said Bill shall pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners, if they think tit, be heard, hv their Connfel, before the said Committee, again!! the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Connfel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Butchers, inhabiting in and near the Borough of Southwark, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; alledging. That the said Bill, if pasted into a Law, will be very detrimental to the Petitioners, it being impossible, notwithstanding the utmost Care, to prevent the cutting and gashing feme Skins: And therefore praying to be heard, by their Counfei, or otherwise, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard by their Counfei, before the said Committee, against the said Bill.

Vol. 22.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counfei to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrafted Bill from ihe Lords, intituled, An Act Penhouse for difclviirging a certain Piece of Ground, called the Field Chari-Pefthouse Field, from certain charitable Trulls; and lubIe Trusts. for settling another Piece of Ground, of equal Extent, and in a more convenient Place, upon the fameTrusts; was read the Third time.

/h;/Wm/, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Packer do carry the Bill to the I-ords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

An ingrafted Bill for enabling his Majesty to issue Supply Bill: and apply a certain Sum, therein to be mentioned, out Sinking of the Sinking Fund, was read the Third tim^ fund-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling his Majesty to apply the Sum of One Million Two hundred thousand Pounds, out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1734; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Sei-lion of Parliament.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Regulating

That the ingrafted Bill for the better regulating the FJ^ions» Kleftion of Members to serve in the House of Commons, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be now rend the Third time.

'Fhe I louse divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in 1

The Bill was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Profs 19. Line 7. To leave out the Word " Four," and to ini’ert the Word " Eight'’ instead thereof.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he. An Act for the better regulating the Election of Members to serve in the House of Commons for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for incapacitating the Judges of the Court of Session, or Karons of the Court of Exchequer, in Scotland, to be elected* or to fit or vote as Members of the House of Commons.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Monroe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

the Honfe, according to Order, resumedtheadjoarned Boone’s Debate of Monday lair, upon the Motion made for a Fimte. Second Reading of the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain IToiifesin Blech inghj, in the County of Surrey, late the Estate of George Evelyn Esqtiiro, deceased, in Charles Boone Esquire; and for ft tiling another Estate, of greater Value, on the Daughters and Coheirs of the said George Evelyn, in Lieu of and Exchange for, the lame.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time, upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Alington, according to Order, reported from the Redemption Committee of the whole I louse, to whom the Bill for the j^ort~ moreeafy compelling the Redemption of Mortgages was £Ques‘ Committed, the’Amendments which the Committee had ttfade to the BHl; and which they had di rafted him to 4. I report-

(Mr. Trcby, J

I Colonel Sinclair:,) j Mr. Sandys,

I Mr. Aiftubic: )

ic Affirmative.

46.

35<

flighgate and Hamp-itead Roads.

Railing the Militia.

Afliiults with Iftleut to rob.

Duties on Arrack.

Rarfing the Militia.

5° — 8° Aprilis.

report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And some Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr* Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, explaining, and making more effectual, Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Third, and the other of the Eighth, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the several Places, in the said Acts mentioned, to Highgale Gatehouse, and Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex; and for amending the Roads from the South End of the said Town of Hampjlead\ to the further End of Burrough-lane, in the Parish of Hendon; and for repairing other Roads, therein mentioned, lying in the Parish of TJlington, in the said County; with One Amendment: To which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England\ although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; and for making the Militia within the same more useful; being read; was postponed.

The Order of the Day, for the receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Punishment of Persons, who shall assault any of his Majesty’s Subjects, with Intent to rob them, was committed, being read, was postponed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Subsidies and Duties payable upon Arrack, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the same Subsidies, Duties, and Excise, now payable upon Brandy and foreign Spirits imported, and no more, be payable upon Arrack imported from the East Indies *, and that the same be appropriated to the several Uses and Purposes that the Subsidies, Duties, and Excise, now payable upon Arrack, so imported, are appropriated

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Scrope, and Mr. Drummond of Quarrel, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The First of the postponed Orders of the Day being read;

Mr. Attorney General reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; and for making the Militia within the same more useful; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;

and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

The other postponed Order of the Day being read;

Mr. Alington reported from the Committee of the Assaultswith whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Punish- Intent to rob. ment of Persons who shall assault any of his Majesty’s Subjects, with Intent to rob them, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Waller, Mr. Lyjler, and Mr. Lon- Duchess of giteville, be added to the Committee, to whom the in- Hamilton’s grofied Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale £ftftte' of the Manor of Ilopsford, in the County of Warwick, for raising Money towards discharging the Debts and Incumbrances of Elizabeth, late Duchess of Hamilton and Brandon, deceased, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

LwuZ) 8° die Aprilis;

Anno 7° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1734.

Prayers.

SIR George Beaumont reported from the Committee, Cleybrooke to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Iudofurt An Act for confirming, and making effectual, several Articles of Agreement made for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields of Great Cleybrooke, and Little Cleybrooke, in the County of Leicester, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pafis.

Ordered, That Sir George Beaumont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Boone'* for veiling Part of the Estate, late of George Evelyn E(lale* Esquire, deceased, in the County of Surry, in Trustees, in order to sell and convey the same to Charles Boone Esquire, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Andrews,

Mr. Glanville, Mr. Jackson, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr,

Leheup, Sir Orl. Bridgman, Mr. Dockminique, Sir John Williams, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Dundafs, S\r James Campbell, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Gibson, Mr. Harley, Colonel Towii/hend, Sir Thomas Littleton, Mr. Bennet, Sir A dot.

Oughton. Mr. Parsons, Mr. Campbell of Pembr. Sir John Aftlcy, Mr. White, Mr. Pawlett, Mr. Heathcote, Mr.

Eyles, Sir Roiol. A If on, Mr. Allington, Colonel Middleton, Mr. Merrill, Colonel Read, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr.

Scrope, Sir Fra. Child, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Turner, Mr, Winnington, Mr. Phmptre, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Lewis,

7 Geo. II.

8° Aprilis.

tone's

huie.

Mr. Seamen, Mr. Eqjl, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Boone, Mr. Earle, Lord Egmont, SirPatt/jl/eMuro, Sir Thomas Jlales, Mr. Reynell, Mr Longueville, S\r Roger Meredith, Mr. Lewis of Sober ton. Sir Charles Mor daunt. Dr. Twe, M r. Sandys, Mr. Gvbbon, Mr. Philips, Mr. Trehj, SwCharles Turner, Mr. Burton, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Archer, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Sevan, Mr. Cunningham, 'Mv.Guidof, Mr. Bramjton, Captain Evans, Lord Cole-rane, Mr. Digby, Mr. Crojfe, Lord Glenorchy, Sir Thomas Robin fan, Mr. Danvers, Sir John Iieathcote, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Stert, Mr. Corbel, Sir IVm. Wentworth, Mr. Newland, Mr. Wollaflon, Sir John Bruce, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Monroe, Lord Wm. Manners, Mr. Walker, Sir Thomas Read, Mr. Ashe, Colonel Norton, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Evers field, Mr. Edward Sir/?//?. I/ham. Sir John Shelley; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Surrey and Suffix: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Houses in Blechingly\ in the County of Surrey, late the Estate of George Evelyn Esquire, deceased, in Charles Boone Esquire; and for settling another Estate, of greater Value, on the Daughters and Coheirs of the said George Evelyn, in Lieu of, and Exchange for, the fame, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate, late of George Evelyn Esquire, deceased, in the County of Surry, in Trustees, in order to sell and convey the same to Charles Boone Esquire, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, is committed.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for ascertaining the Duties upon Arrack: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Thomas Scawen Esquire, and others, to fell an Estate in Ireland, settled by Sir William Scawen s Will; and settling another Estate, purchased by the said Thomas Scawen, in England, of greater Value, to the same Uses; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Earle, Mr. Glunville, Mr Laois, Mr. Williams, Mr. Tufne.ll, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Burton, Mr. Sevan, Mr. Longueville, Lord Egmont, Sir Thomas I mother, Mr. Merrill, Mr. Jjiroche, Mr. Vincent, Sir James Campbell, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Sir John Bruce, Colonel Onslow, ^s\\'.Iliwen, Mr. Heathcotey Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Dundafs, Sir Cecil Bishop. Lord Vane, Sir Edward Dcring, Colopel Mordaunt,^Ax. White, Captain Evans, Mr. Alington, Lord Wm. Manners, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Philips, Mr. Boone, Mr. Thompson, Mr. BoJ'cawcn, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Tilfon, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Nexcland, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Turner, Mr. Digby, Mr. Harley, Mr. Archer, Mr. Bramjton, Mr. Brook/bank, Mr. Cro/fe, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Corbet, Mr. Er/kine, Sir Thomas Saunderson, Mr. Packer, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr Plummer, Mr. Winnington, Colonel Read, Mr Scrope, Mr. Bacon, Mr. East, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Sir Wm. Yonge, Sir John Hind Cotton, Captain Purvis, Dr. Lee, Mr. Wort ley, Mr. Walker, Mr. Owen, Sir Roger Brad/haigh, Lord Coleranc, Mr. Clayton, Sir Arthur Forbes, Mr. Pazvlet, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Winford, Mr. Conduit, Mr. G it idol t, Mr. Fox; and all the Members that serve for the County of Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual preventing icuL forging the Acceptance of Bills of Exchange, or the

Vol.

Dititt or Arrack.

Scawen’s

Numbers or principal Sums of accountable Receipts for Notes, Bills, or other Securities, for Payment of Money, or Warrants or Orders for Payment of Money or Delivery of Goods, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title* be, An Act for the more effectual preventing the forging the Acceptance of Bills of Exchange, or the Numbers or principal Sums of accountable Receipts for Notes;

Bills, or other Securities, for Payment of Money, or Warrants of Orders for Payment of Money or Delivery of Goods.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the legate Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for continuing, explaining, and making more efleft ual. Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Third; and the other of the Eighth, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the several Places, in the said Acts mentioned, to Highgate Gatehouse, and llampstead, in the County of Middlesex; and for amending the Roads from the South End of the said Town of Hampstead to the further End of Burrough-ldne, in the Pari fit of Hendon; and for repairing other Roads, therein mentioned, lying, in the Parish of Jjlington, in the said County.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as follows; viz.

Press ii. Line 34. After <c fame," insert " for <c want of Form only."

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Child do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Princess

Royal’s

Annuity.'

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the MeHagefrom House, That he had a Message from his Majesty to this* ihe. King — House, signed by His Majesty: And he presented the D same to the House; and, all the Members being uncovered, it was read by Mr. Speaker; and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty having been pleased to direct Letters Patent to be passed under the Great Seal of Great Britain, for settling on the Princess Royal an Annuity of Jf . 5,000. per Annum, as a Mark of his Royal Favour and Afleftion to her; and the Laws, now in being, restraining his Majesty from granting the same for any longer Term than his own Life, hopes he shall be enabled to make such Grant for the Life of the said Princess Royal, in case /he shall survive his Majesty; and recommends the Consideration thereof to this House.

A Motion was made,- and the Question being put,-That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable his Majesty to continue ftnd settle an Annuity on the Princess Royal, during the Term of her natural Life, in case /lie shall survive his Majesty;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

rp I. c .» v CThe Lord Egmont, 1 '

Tellers for the Yeas,j Mf Clu \ l&

Tellers for the Noes *The Lord

lellets lor the Aoes,^. Plum. \ 57-

So it was resolved in the Aftirmative: And that Mr.*

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Charles Turner^ Mr.

Dodington, M r. Pelham, M r. Clayton, Si r William Yonge,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Tiiff'nell, Mr. Da?ivers, and Mr. Scrope, do prepare, and bring iii, the said Bill.

Mr. Earle, from the Committee of Privileges arid Privilege/ Elections, acquainted the House, That the Committee having proceeded to examinethe matter of the Complaint made the 20th Day of the last Month, of a Breach of the Privilege of this House, committed by Rees Griffiths, in

serving

Princess

Royals

Annuity.

R ademption ot Mortgages.

3°8

ierving a Writ, by Direction of Benjamin Holl, an Attorney, upon Edward Turner, a menial Servant to Thomas Lewis, Esquire, a Member of this House, Evidence had been given of an Incident, of which he was directed to make a special Report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The said Complainant acquainted the Committee, That a Servant to him had been assaulted and beat for serving an Order upon the said Bees Griffiths to attend this Committee.

To prove which,

Edward Tumor gave Evidence, That, on the Market Day at Kainton, hearing the said Rees Griffiths was in Town, he went with the original Order, which was produced to the Committee, signed by the Chairman, and shewed it to him at the Entrance of a House where he was: That he offered him a true Copy thereof; upon which he, the said Rees Griffiths, assaulted him with his Stick, and bruised his Arm; and, with some of his Strokes, tore his Hat; and said, Damn you for a Dog, take that, and go about your Business: That he dropped the Copy of the Order within the Door; and that these Blows were given on no other Account, but for serving the said Order, he having given no other Provocation whatsoever.

Upon which the Committee were of Opinion the Matter of this Evidencefliould be reported specially to the House, That they might do therein as they > should think fit.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Rees Griffiths, having been summoned to attend the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to answer a Complaint of a Breach of the Privilege of this House committed by him, which was referred to the Examination of the said Committee, and having abused, assaulted, jand beaten, the Person who served him with the said Summons, is guilty of a high Contempt of the Authority of this House, and a Breach of the Privilege thereof;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

] 74-

Tellers for the Noes, J } 54-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Rees Griffiths be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the I louse, according to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to continue and settle an Annuity on the Princess Royal, during the Term of her natural Life, in case Ihe flia.ll fuivive his Majesty: And the same was received; and read the First time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Orderedr, That the Bill be now read a Second time. The Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrafted Bill for the more easy compelling the Redemption of Mortgages, was read the Third time.

I he Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press i. L. 6. After the Word u and, " to insert the Word " for

L. 22. To leave out " whereof," and to insert " thereof Press 2. L.p. To leave out the Word "commonly

A 1734.

Press 4. L. 12. After the Word " Order," to insert the Words " or Decree."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the more easy Redemption and Fore-closure of Mortgages.

Ordered, That Mr. Alington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Trehy, Mr. New land, Sir Adolphus Vanden Ought on, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Longueville, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, 1 intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees and Executors of the last Will and Testament of John Vanden Bempde Esquire, deceased, to lay out Part of the said Testator’s Trust Estate in the Purchase of Securities aflefting the Marquis of Annandale" s Estate in Scotland, and carrying Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be assigned to the said Trustees, to and for the same Uses and Tit, fts, as by the Will are declared of and concerning the said Trust Estate, is committed.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Committee Elections be adjourned. of Privileges.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 90 die Aprilis;

Anno 7° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1734.

Prayers.

SIR Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, Dnchefsof to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- Hamilton's tuled. An Act for Sale of the Manor of Ilopsford, in the Efiale’ County of Warwick, for railing Money towards discharging the Debts and Incumbrances of Elizabeth, late Duchess of Hamilton and Brandon, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; anti that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for raising the Militia of that Part Railing the of Great Britain called England, although the Month’s Militia. Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; and for making the Militia within the same more useful; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; and for making the Militia within the same more useful.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deft re their Concurrence.

The Lord Glenorchy reported from the Committee, to Vanden whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bempde'« to enable the T ruftees and Executors of the last Will and EhdU* Testament of John Vanden Bempde Esquire, deceased, to lay out Part of the said Testator’s Trust Estate in the Purchase of Securities affecting the Marquis of Annandale s Estate in Scotland, and carry ing Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be assigned to the , 13 said

8° — 9° Aprilis.

7 Geo. II.

J — i o°

309

laid Trustees, to and for the same Uses and Trusts as by the said Will are declared of and concerning the said Trust Estate, was committed; and to w hom the Petition of Simon Mitchell Esquire, one of the Trustees and Executors named in the last Will and Testarnent of John Vanden Bcmpde Esquire, deceased, and who chiefly hath acted in the said Trust; w as referred; That the Committee had heard the Petitioner, by his Counsel, agahift the said Bill; and had also heard Counsel, in favour of the Bill, against the said Petition; and that thp Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto; winch they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as follows; viz.

Press 8. L. 28. After " enabled, 55 insert " and required: "

Press 9. L. 4. After " Annandalcf insert " and the " Legal of such Adjudications shall and may commence " to run according to the Buies of the Law of Scotland;

" and expire, agreeable to the fame, in Ten Years thereafter, if not redeemed by payment of Principal, Interest, and Costs, as aforesaid, and no sooner: "

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Bill for ascertaining the Duties upon Arrack, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Iloule, upon the said Bill.

Molts with An ingrossed Bill for the better Punishment of Persons latent to rob. wj10 assault any of his Majesty’s Subjects, with In-

tent to rob them, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 1. L. 3. To leave out the Word 4< Peril. "

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act; for the more effectual Punishment of Assaults, with Intent to commit Robbery.

Ordered, That Mr. A ling ton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Turner rtepbrted from £he Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House wifi please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Colonel Sekijyn, Major Selwyn, Mr. Boone s Wardour, and Mr. Knottys, be added to the Committee, ^ute* to whom the ingrossed Bill from the I^ords; intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate late of George Evelyn Esquire, deceased, in the County of Surrey, in Trusteesj in order to sell and convey the feme to Charles Bootoe Esquire, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, ifc committed.

; Duties on , Arrack.

The Order for the House to resolve itself into a Com- Duties on miftee of the whole House, upon the Bill for ascertaining Arrack, the Duties upon Arrack, being read;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive "a ClauTe for giving further Time for Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties omitted to be paid for their IhttentWes and Contracts.

Tljen the House resolved itself into the said Committee. \ ‘

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. <'<

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Ariibnd-ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 10° die Aprilis;

Georgii IIdi Regis, 1734.

Anno

A1

Vandeir

Bempde's

JWblvat

Debtors.

Brincefa

koyal’s

Annuity.

Sir Thomas Robinson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of insolvent Debtors was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration this Day Month.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable his Majesty to continue and settle an Annuity on the Princess Royal, during the Term of her natural Life, in case fee shall survive his Majesty, be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee. k Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

*’ Vol.22.

Prayers.

N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An ACfc to enable the Trustees and Executors of the last Will and Testarnent of John Vanden Bempde Esquire, Estate deceased, to lay out Part of the said Teltator’s Trust Estate in the Purchase of Securities aflecting the Marquis of Annandales Estate in Scotland, and carrying Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be assigned to the said Trustees, to and for the same Uses and Trusts as by the said Will arc declared of and concerning the said Trust Estate; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Glenorchy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, with feme Amendments: To which Amendments this House cloth ddire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Hoyul's enable his Majesty to continue and settle an Annuity on Annuity, the Princess Royal, during the Term of her natural Life, in case llie shall furvitfe his Majesty, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report 16 the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

4 K Ordered\

Duties on Arrack.

Charitable

Corporation.

Importation of Cochineal, &c.

Importation of foreign Hops.

Bablack Church in Coventry.

Scawens

Estate.

Princess

Royal’s

Annuity.

3io 1 o° — 110 . A. 1734.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- Ordered\ That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to

grofied. the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Turners according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House* to whom the Bill for ascertaining the Duties upon Arrack, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

jGvis, ii° die Aprilis;

Anno 70 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1734.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr.* Biwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act . for the Application and Disposal of the Residue of the Money raised, by way of Lottery, on the Credit of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the Relief of such Sufferers in the charitable Corporation as are Objects of Compassion, according to the Descriptions therein mentioned, without any Amendment. And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Revival of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Firit, intituled, An Act for the free Importation of Cochineal, during the Time therein limited; and also for the free Importation of Indigo; without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the clandestine Importation of foreign Hops into Great Britain and Ireland; and to prevent the Adulterating or Sophifticating of Hops, to alter the Colour or Scent thereof; without any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making the Church of Bablack, in the City of Coventry, a Parish Church, and for appointing a District or Parish thereto; and for enabling the Master and Uther of the Free Grammar School within the said City to be the lleftor and Lecturer of the said Parish Church; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Gregory, Mr. Reynell, Mr. Coppleston, Colonel Norton, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Gibson, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Walker, be added to the Committee, to w'hom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Thomas Scazven Esquire, and others, to fell an Estate in Ireland, settled by Sir IVm. Scawens Will; and settling another Estate, purchased by the said Thomas Scazven, in England, of greater Value, to the same Uses, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill to enable hh Majesty to continue and settle an Annuity on the Princess Royal, during the Term of her natural Life, in case (he shall survive his Majesty, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable his Majesty to continue and settle an Annuity of Five thousand Pounds on the Princess Royal, during the Term of her natural Life, in case (lie shall survive his Majesty.

Ordered, That Colonel Ducket, Mr. White, and Mr. Book's Evelyn, he added to the Committee, to whom the in-grofied Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate late of George Evelyn Esquire, deceased, in the County of Sui'rey, in Trustees, in order to sell and convey the same to Charles Boone Esquire, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for ascertaining the Duties upon Ar- Dut'eson rack, was read the Third time. Arrack.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for ascertaining the Duties upon Arrack; and for giving further Time to Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties omitted to be paid for their Indentures and Contrafts.

Ordered, That Mr. Drummond, of Quarrel!, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Eduards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ship Owners for settling how far Owners of Ships shall be answerable Refpoubbiliij for the Acts of the Matters or Mariners, with One ^Matters, Amendment: To which Amendment the Lords desire the ‘ Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendment into Consideration.

And the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Prels 2. L. *24. Before " Provided, " add Clause marked A; which is as follow's; viz.

" And it is hereby further Enacted, by the Authority " aforesaid, That if several Freighters, or Proprietors of " any such Gold, Silver, Diamonds, Jewels, precious " Stones, or other Goods or Merchandize, shall fuller " any Loss or Damage, by any of the Means aforesaid,

" in the same Voyage; and the Value of the Ship or " Vessel, with all her Appurtenances, and the Amount " of the Freight clue, or to grow due, during such Voyage, shall not be sufficient to make full Compensation " to all and every of them; then such Freighters or " Proprietors shall receive their Satisfaction thereout in <e Average, in proportion to their respective Losses or c< Damages: And, in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Freighters or Proprietors, or " any of them, on behalf of himself, and all other such " Freighters or Proprietors, or to and for the Owners " of such Ship or Vessel, or any of them, on behalf of " himself, and all the other Part-owners of such Ship or " Vessel, to exhibit a Bill in any Court of Equity, for " a Discovery of the total Amount of such Losses or " Damages, and also of the Value of such Ship or Vessel,

" Appurtenances and Freight; and for an equal Distribution and Payment thereof amongst such Freighters " or Proprietors, in proportion to their respective Losses " or Damages, according to the Rules of Equity: Provided always, That if any such Bill shall be exhibited " by or on the behalf of the Part-owners of such Ship,

" the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall annex an Affidavit to " such Bill or Bills, that he or they do not collude with <£ any of the Defendants thereto; and shall thereby offer " to pay the Value of such Ship or Vessel, Appurtenances " and Freight, as such Court shall direct; and such <c Court shall thereupon take such Method for ascertaining such Value, as to them ilmll leern just; and shall " direct the Payment thereof in like manner as is now " used and practised in Cafes of Bills of Interpleader;1

The find Clause, being thrice read, w as, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir John Barnard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this lioulc hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

13

Sir

7 Geo. II. i i ° ApriliL 3 i i

Sir Roger Meredith reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whole panics are thereunto subscribed, Contributors to the Relief of the poor distressed Palatines who arrived in England in the Year 1709, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Contributors to the said Charity, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee, pursuant to the Order: of the House, have inquired into the Matters complained of in the said Petition; and find,

That, on the 28th Day of June, in the 8th Year, of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, Letters Patents were issued under the Great Seal, appointing certain Persons, therein named, to ifl'ue Briefs, and to be Trustees and Receivers of the Charity which should be collected thereon, for the Use of the poor distressed Palatines:

And IJenry Bendish Esquire, Secretary to the said Truf-toes, being examined, laid; That Mr. Henry Walker, of Stafford, agreed with the Lords, and others, Commissioners, to undertake and lay the Briefs for the Palatines at G d, each Brief; when, at the same time, he had 9 d. for others: That, in pursuance of the said Letters Patents, 13,000 Briefs were issued from the late Queen’s Printing Office.

And John Bafkct Esquire, at that time Printer to her Majesty, attending, produced to your Committee a Book, wherein is kept the Receipts for all Briefs issued from the Printing House to the Undertakers: in which was the following Receipt; viz.

THE qth Day of August 1709. Receive^ then of Mr. John Williams, Deputy to the Proprietors of her Majesty s Printing Office, at her Majesty s Printing Office aforesaid, Thirteen Thousand printed Copies of the Brief lately granted for the Support of the poor distressed Palatines, according to the late Act of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better collecting Charity-money by Briefs, on Letters Patents, and preventing Abuses in relation to such Charity." 1 lay, received the aforesaid Number of Copies, to be distributed and collected for the Relief of the said poor distressed Palatines,

per me N°.

Henry Walker. 12,660

Memorandum: Three hundred and -

Forty of thelfe Briefs were deli- 3 vered by Order of the Lords, and other Commissioners, to Mr.

Richard Bromley, to belaid within the Weekly Bills of Mortality.

Witness,

Humphrey Martin,

William Hunt.

And Mr. Basket said, Those w'ere the whole Number delivered out.

Your Committee then proceeded to inquire, Whether the said Receipt had been duly registered in the Court of Chancery; and allb w'hat Number of Briefs had been returned into the Register s Office in Chancery, as directed by an Act of Parliament, passed in the 4th and 5th Years of the Reign of her laid late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better collecting Charity-money by Briefs, on Letters Patents, and preventing Abuses iii relation to such Charity."

And Mr. Parnell, the present Register of the High Court of Chancery, attending, pursuant to an Order of your Committee, produced a Register Book, commencing from 1706, and ending 1721, wherein the Undertakers Receipts for Briefs w>ere registered; and, amongst Numbers of Receipts, the before-mentioned was entered according to the Date thereof.

And he said, He came into his Office in the Year 1731, and does not remember any Briefs have been returned since he had that Office; and it does not appear,

Vol. 22,

r

\ '

by the Books in his Pofiession, that ahy regular Return had been made of Briefs for several Years before, although, by the said Act, they are directed to be returned, aftef the Collections made thereupori.

And your Committee do, Opon Inspection of the said Book, observe, That the Returning of Briefs into thr> Registers Office, in such manner as directed by the said Act, has not been duly complied with; and, when foirfe Briefs have been returned, 110 regular Account has been taken and kept thereof by the Register; and that fevertd tnatted Bundles of Briefs have been delivered back again, after such Returns have been made; and not One Account appears to be regularly balanced in the said Book.;

Your Committee having made an Order for the said Henry Walker to attend, with all Books and Papers which related to the said Collection, the Messenger, upon his Return, acquainted them, That he had served their Order upon the said Henry Walker of Stafford, and found him then tied in his Chair, without any seeming Ability to help himself: That, when he read the said Order to him, he Teemed attentive, but did not return any An-' fwer; and appeared very weak and feeble. /

T he Reverend Samuel Walker, Son of the said Henry Walker, voluntarily attending, in Excule of his Father; and, being examined, said, That his Father is upwards of 70 Years of Age; and lately has had Three Fits of the Pally, which has made him incapable of helping himself, and of all manner of Business: That he has the Care of him, and the Custody of his Books and Papers:

That his Father, and one William Green, and Edward Ward, both of Stafford, were Partners, and joint Undertakers, for laying the said Palatine Briefs: That he had seen several Books and Papers relating thereto; but could not give any Account what Sums of Money had been collected: That he remembers to have seen considerable Sums of Money charged, in Books or Papers, as received Tor their Use; but has not looked over the same for Ten Years past: and has seen several Receipts for Money paid, by'his Father, into the Chamber of London, on the behalf of the said Sufferers.

Your Committee then thought proper to order the said Samuel Walker to learch for and produce alt Books and Papers relating to the said Collection: After which, he produced a Book, intituled, The several Collections made for the poor Palatines in the Counties in England, 1709; and another Book, containing several Minutes, Memorandums, and Entries, relating to the laying and collecting great Numbers of Briefs in divers Parts of this Kingdom; and said, That those Two Books were all he could find, wherein any thing was contained relating to the Collections for the Palatines: That he believed they were not perfect; apprehending more Money to have been collected and received by his Father, than what was enterod in those Books; and shewed your Committee a Memorandum, made with his Fathers Hand, in the said Minute Book, That the Briefs were returned into the Registers Office the 2d Day of March 1716.

Your Committee proceeded to examine the Contents of the said IBooks; and do find, That the First Book contains an Account of Briefs laid, amounting to 1,892, and 110 more; and in the other Book, there is an Entry, intituled, Palatine Fees, in several Articles, which amoqnt to 1117..9 a 3d* J and also other Entries of Moneys paid into the Chamber of London, amounting to the burn of 1 1,033/. 5 s. 10 d.; but your Committee find only One lingle Entry of the Money collected; viz.

Palatines Brief bears Date 28th 709.

Collections. £. s. d.

January 1709, Briefs 1,919 - - - 4,909. 4. 6}.

Upon which your Committee do observe, That great Care was taken in entering, in the said Book, all Charges and Payments; but no Account at all of any Money collected, except the above lingle Entry.

And the said Mr. Walker acquainted your Committee, Tlmt his Father had informed him. That he had applied to the Lord Harcourt, then Lord Chancellor, by Petition, to appoint a Matter to flute the said Account, which was

left

312

110 — 15 0

A. 1734.

Money Col- left with Christopher Appleby Esquire, his Lordship's Selected for the cnetary, and, in a iliort time after, the same was returned

pSnL unanswered.

And further said, That, some Years past, as he was looking over his Fathers Papers, he found an original Petition upon stamped Paper, in the Names of Henry Walker, JVm. Green, and Edward Ward, to the said Lord Chancellor; and, to the best of his Remembrance, the same set forth, That the said Collection on the Palatine Brief was completed; and prayed, that a Master might be appointed toftate the said Account: That he had since searched for the said Petition, but could not find it, the Papers having been removed from Place to Place by the other Partners, when they had Occasion to peruse the fame: Then, in Confirmation of what he had said he shewed an Entry in the aforesaid Minute Book, as follows:

26 May 1712, Sheet stamped Paper, and Petition, for Master.

Which Entry, your Committee observe, is inserted between Two other Entries, one dated 10th of August 1711, and the other 17th November 1711, both seemingly written with the same Ink, but different from the said Entry of 1712; and no Sum opposite to the fame, though all the other Entries have the Sums annexed.

And Mr. Walker also said, That he had learched the Register s Office with the said Mr. Parnell\ and had found several of the Palatine Briefs, promifcuoully mixed amongst others, in an old Coach-house.

And, being asked, Why the Briefs wfere kept so long, before they were returned; he laid, That he apprehended the Reason was, That, whillt the Briefs were in the Hands of the Undertakers, the Account might be stated at a Ids Expence than it could be when they were in the Hands of the Register.

Mr. Parnell, being again examined, said, That he, together with the Taid Mr, Samuel Jlaiker, had made a ttrich Search for the Palatine Briefs; and had found several of them mixed amongst other Briefs which had been returned, and were lodged, by his Predecessor Mr. Golds-borough, in an old Coach-house hired for that Purpose; which had been broke open, as he was informed; but a Padlock was put upon it the next Day, as soon as Mr. Gold/borough knew' of it: And he produced the said Briefs; together with another Book belonging to the Register s Office, which he had not found at his former Examination, wherein is the following Entry; viz.

" The 2d of March 1716: Then returned by Mr.

" Henry Walker, One Truss, made up in a Matt,

" unopened, said to contain stamped Copies of the " Brief above" (meaning the Palatine Brief).

And he further said, That he could not find any matted Bundle, as described by the aforesaid Enjry, which related to the Palatines; although there are several matted Bundles, said to contain other Briefs, which are complete: That when Mr. Goldjborough died, the Two Books which he had produced, with the Key of the Coach-house, were delivered to him: That he wras, at the time of the said Collection, a Deputy to One of the Four Registers; but the Briefs did not come under his Care.

Christopher y.Ippleby Esquire, attended your Committee, pursuant to an Order for that Purpose, said, He did not remember any Application from Mr. Henry Walker, relating to such Petition before-mentioned; neither can lie charge his Memory, at so great a Distance of Time; but is fare, that, if such a Petition w;as brought to him, he read the same to the Lord Chancellor; and, if answered, it would be registered in his Book; but does believe no such Petition was ever offered: That, when the said Lord Chancellor thought any Petition to be improper, on reading thereof, he, the Examinant, always wrote the Word " Rejected" on the Back of it.

Mr. Millar, from the Chamberlain of London, attended; and produced an Account of the Receipts upon the Palatine Brief, disposed under the several Heads; by which it appears, several Sums of Money, to the Amount of 11,033/. 5 s- 10^« have been paid into the Chamber

of London by the said Henry Walker, and others; ot which, and other Sums collected, there still remains in that Office the Sum of Twelve Pounds, and upwards.

Your Committee then proceeded to inspect the Briefs which were returned into the Register s Office, and produced by Mr. Parnell; and find the Number thereof to be 915, and no more; together with which were Certificates of Briefs loft, to the Amount of 91, making, in the Whole, 1,006, of which 52 w'ere included, and entered in the Book of Collections before-mentioned, and to be deduced; so that your Committee find the Account to be as follows; viz.

Briefs laid and entered in the Book of Collections - -

Briefs, and Certificates of Briefs, loft, exclusive of the 52 entered in the Book -

Total - -

Briefs remaining of the 12,660 unaccounted} for, and chargeable upon Mr. /Calker, by f his Receipt to the Queens Printer, amount f to - - - - 3 —

N*

1,892

954

2,846

9>8i4

And your Committee find, That, upon the 1,892 Briefs laid, as per said Book, there was collected Upon the aforesaid 954 Briefs returned, and Certificates of Briefs loft, exclusive of the said Book

Total collected upon the 2,846 Briefs that can be accounted for either by Book, Briefs returned, or Certificates -That there has been paid into the Chamber of London, out of the Money collected on the remaining 9,814 Briefs, the Sum of -

12,660

s. d.

5,008 4 10F

434 16 loj

| 5,443 1 9

Ox O O 1 4 1

n,033 5 10

have been collected

But what further or other Sums thereupon, we cannot discover.

This imperfect Account is all your Committee can come at, for want of a regular Book of Entry'being kept by the said Henry JVaiker, or not produced; and also for w'ant of a due Return being made of the Briefs to the Register s Office in Chancery, and of an Account stated and settled before the said Court, as the aforesaid Act of Parliament directs.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Evelyn be added to the Commit- Boones tee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- ^®ate* tuled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate late of George Evelyn Esquire, deceased, in the County of Surrey, in Trustees, in order to sell and convey the same to George Boone Esquire, purliiant to the Agreement for that Purpose, is committed.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to lit, not- Comm' withstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Niue of the Clock.

Lunas, 150 die Aprilis;

Georgii ILdi

Anno 7 Prayers.

Regis,

1734.

MR. Andrews reported from the Committee, to whom b00J the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An EftaU Act for vesting certain Houses in Blechingly, in the County of Surrey, late the Estate of George Evelyn Esquire, de-

ceased,

7 Geo. II. 150 — 1

3*3

ceased, in Charles Boone Esquire; and for settling another Etiate, of greater Value, on the Daughters and Coheirs of the said George Evelyn, in lieu of and exchange for, the fame; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Rcfobxd, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Andrews do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same without euy Amendment

Mr. Andrews reported from the Committee, to whom the iugrolled Bill from the l>ords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate late of George Evelyn Esquire, deceased, in the County of Surry, in Trustees, in order to sell and convey the same to Charles Boone Esquire, pursuont to an Agreement for that Purpose, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table*

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Andrezvs do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, w ithout any Amendment.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Thomas Scauen Esquire, and others, to fell an Estate, in Ireland, settled by Sir William Seamen's Will, and settling another Etiate, purchased by the said Tlwmus Scawen, in England, of greater Value, to the same Uses; was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found, that the Orders of the House, concerning Notices to be given in /re-land, before any private Bill relating to Eliates there be brought in, had been complied will); and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee tiad directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House bath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 16*;

Anno 7* Georgii If* Regis, 1734.

Praykrs.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. John Bennett:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more easy Redemption and Foreclosure of Mortgages, with One Amendment: To which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

Vo l. 22.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Rogulatin g for the better regulating the Election of Members to Elections in serve in the House of Commons for that Part of Great Scotland. Britain called Scotland; and for incapacitating the Judges of the Court of Session, or Barons of the Court of Exchequer, in Scotland, to be elected, or to fit, or vote, as Members of the House of Commons; with forae Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords, desire the Concurrence of this House.

Aud then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Redemption Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled* of An Act for the more easy Redemption and Foreclosure Mortgage*, of Mortgages:

And the said Amendment was read; and is as follows; viz.

Press 4. L. a. After " Hereditaments," insert " and upon his or their admitting the Right and Title of "♦ the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Suit."

The said Amendment, being read a Second time; was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Alington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration Regulating the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, Elections »u intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Election LOt ao of Members to serve in the House of Commons for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for incapacitating the Judges of the Court of Sefiiou, or Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, to be elected, or to fit, or vote, as Members of the iloufe of Commons:

Aud the said Amendments were read; and are as follows; viz, \

Press 1. L 7. Leave out from " the," to " Election," in the cjth Line.

L. 22. Leave out from " fame," to <c that," in the 31st Line of the 14th Press; and, in the same Line, after " Clerk," leave out "aforesaid," and insert " of any Meeting of Freeholders for the Election " of a Commissioner to serve in Parliament for any " Shire or Stewartry in Scotland, after the First Day " of May One thousand Seven hundred and Thirtyfour;" and after "(hall," insert "wilfully:"

Press 14. L. 33. Leave out " as aforesaid

L. 34. After " not," insert " duly:"

L. 35. Leave out " as aforesaid:"

L. 36. After " and, " insert wilfully L. 37. Leave out " so:"

L. 38. Leave out<c as aforesaid :"

Press 15. L. 5. Leave ont " as aforesaid," and insert " of Freeholders

Press 16. L. 14. After " Session," insert "or Justiciary:"

L. 18. Leave out from " hoJden," to " and, " in the 30th Line:

Press 17. L. last, After " any," insert " false or undue;" and, after " Return," leave out " other " than stich as is appointed and directed by this " Act:"

Press 18. L. 2. After " /hall," insert " wilfully:"

L. 5. Leave out " as aforesaid L. 17. Leave out from " determine," to " Provided," in the 20th Line, and insert " with ail u convenient Speed

L. 32. Leave out from " Suit," to " Provided," in the 38th Line:

Press 19. L. 6. Leave out from " determine," to " and, " in the 8th Line, and insert " with all conve-u nient Speed

L. 12. Aftercc Question," insert " for the " Choice of Clerk or Prcefes, or other Question:"

L. 18, Leave out from " administer," to And whereas," in the 8th Line of the next Press:

4L

A. 1734

314

In the Title of the Bill, Line 5th, After " Session," leave out " or," and insert "Court of Justiciary and:’* The said Amendments, as far as the Amendment in Press 16, Line 14, being federally read a Second time, Were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to, by the 1 Ioufe.

Then the said Amendment to the Bill, in Press 16, Line 14, after the Word " Session," to insert the Words <( or Judiciary," was read a Second time:

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Lords in the said Amendment.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, }

Telle, sr*,heN^4SrS"">}e5.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative*

The rest of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Monroe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. John Bennett:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sinking for enabling his Majesty to apply the Sum of One fund. million Two hundred thousand Pounds, out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-four; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

Prineefe The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ttoyal’t to enable his Majesty to continue and settle an Annuity

Annuity. of Five thousand Pounds on the Prineefs Royal, during thbTerm of her natural Life, in case (he shall survive his Majesty, without any Amendment: And also,

Duties on The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Arrack,&c. for ascertaining the Duties upon Arrack; and for giving further Time to Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties omitted to be paid for their Indentures and Contrafts; without any Amendment: And also,

Railing the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Militia. for raising the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, although the Month’s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; and for making the Militia within the same more useful; without any Amendment: And also,

Afiauhs The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act with intent for more effectual Punishment of Assaults, with to ro Intent to commit Robbery, without any Amendment: And also,

Forgeries The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act of Biils for the more etTeftual preventing the forging the Ac-of Exchange. ceptance of Bills of Exchange, or the Numbers or principal Sums of accountable Receipts for Notes, Bills, or other Securities, for Payment of Money, or Warrants or Orders for Payment of Money, or Delivery of Goods; without any Amendment: And also,

Vanden The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made Bempdc’s by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable F.state. tj)e Tfrufteeg anc| Executors of the last Will and Testament of John Vanden Bempde Esquire, deceased, to lay out Part of the said Testator’s Trust Estate in the Purchase of Securities affecting the Marquis of Annandale's Estate in Scotland^ and carrying Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be assigned to the said Trustees, to and for the same Uses and Trusts as by the said Will are declared of and concerning the said Trull Estate.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Royal Assent A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, to Bills. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers; where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal A (lent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-four:

An Act for enabling his Majesty to apply the Sum of One million Two hundred thousand Pounds, out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-four; and for appropriating the Supplies granted this Session of Parliament;

An Act to enable his Majesty to continue and settle an Annuity of Five thousand Pounds on the Prineefs Royal, during the Term of her natural Life, in case ftie shall survive his Majesty:

An Act for ascertaining the Duties upon Arrack; and for giving further Time to Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties omitted to be paid for their Indentures and Contrafts:

An Act for the better regulating the Election of Members to serve in the House of Commons for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for incapacitating the Judges of the Court of Session, Court of Judiciary, and Barons of the Court of Exchequer, in Scotland, to be eltfted, or to fit or vote, as Members of the House of Commons:

An Act to prevent the infamous Practice of Stock-jobbing:

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Employments or Offices, by taking the Oaths, and making and subscribing the Declaration against Transubftanliation, and receiving the Sacrament; and to allow them further Time for that Purpose; and to enable the Vice Chancellor of the University, and Mayor of the Town, of Cambridge, to act as Justices of the Peace for the County of Cambridge, notwithstanding the Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace:

An Act to explain an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the converting a further Part of the capital Stock of the South Sea Company into Annuities, redeemable by Parliament; and for settling the remaining Part of the said Stock in the said Company, so far as the said Act relates to the paying off the Bonds of the said Company:

An Act to settle how far Owners of Ships shall be answerable for the Acts of Mailers or Mariners:

An Act for naturalizing the most Serene Prince William Charles lienrp FriJ'o Prince of Orange and Nassau:

An Act for the Application and Disposal of the Residue of the Money raised, by way of Lottery, on the Credit of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for the Relief of such Sufferers in the charitable Corporation as are Objects of Compassion. according to the Descriptions therein mentioned:

An Act for the Revival of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the free Importation of Cochineal during the Time therein limited; and also for the free Importation of Indigo:

An Act for the-more effectual preventing the clandestine Importation of foreign Hops into Great Britain and Ireland^ andtp prevent the AdulteratingorSophifti-eating of Hops, to alter the Colour or Scent thereof: J±xi Act for the more effectual Punishment of Assaults, with Intent to commit Robbery:

An Act for the more easy Redemption and Fore-closure of Mortgages:

An Act for the more effectual preventing the forging the Acceptance of Bills of Exchange, or the N umbers or principal Sums of accountable Receipts for Notes, Bills, or other Securities, for Payment ol Money, or Warrants 30

7 Geo. II. i

or Orders for Payment of Money, or Delivery of

Goods:

An Act for raising the Militia of that Part of Great Rr/faf/icalled England, although the Month’s Pay formerly advanced, be not repaid; and for making the Militia within the same more useful:

An Act to explain, and make more effectual, the Laws in being, to oblige the Possessors of Lands, adjacent to common Highways, to cut and keep low such Hedges as are adjoining the said Highways:

An Act for continuing, explaining, and making more effectual. Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Third, and the other of the Eighth, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the several Places in the said Acts mentioned to Highgate Gatehouse, and Hampstead., in the County of Middlefe.r; and for amending the Roads from the South End of the said Town of Hamp-Jilead to the further End Borough-lane, in the Parish of Hendon\ and for repairing other Roads, therein mentioned, lying in the Parish of Islington in the said County t

An Act for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Ring George tht First, intituled, An Act for the more rtfeftual amending the Highways leading from Roy/lon, in the County of Hertford, to Wansford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, so far as the same relates to the amending that Part of the Road as lies between a Place called The white Pojt upon Alconbury Hill, and Wansford Bridge, in the said County of Huntingdon, called the North Division:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Manufacture of Cloth, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act to extend the Navigation on the River Weaver from Winsford Bridge to the Town of Nampl-toich, in the County of Chrster:

An Act for granting 10 Samuel Buckley, Citizen, and Stationer of London, the foie Liberty of printing and reprinting the Histories of Thuanus, with Additions and Improvments, during the Time therein limited;

An Act for making the Church of Bablack, in the City of Covent ry, a Parish Church; and for appointing a District or Parish thereto; and for enabling the Muller and Cllicr of the free Grammar School, within the fuel City, to be the Rest or and Lecturer of the said Parish Church:

An Act for vesting certain Lands and Tenements, lying contiguous to the Citadel of Plymouth, being the Estate of William Strode, an Infant, in Trustees, in order to sell and convey the same to or for the Cfe of his Majesty:

An Act for supplying an Omission in a former Act of Parliament to enable Richard Earl of Burlington to grant I.eases of Ground behind Burlington-house:

An Act to enable the Trustees and Executors of the Jail Will and Testament of John Vanden Bempde Esquire, deceased, to lay out Part of the said Testator’s Trust Estate in the Purchase of Securities affecting the Marquis of Annandale's Estate in Scotland, and carrying interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be assigned to the said Trustees, to and for the same Uses and Trusts as by the said Will are declared of and concerning the said Trust Estate:

An Act for vesting in Sir Theodore Jan (fen Knight and Baronet, and his Heirs, the Remainder in Fee-simple, now in the Crown, expectant on the Determination of certain Estates Tail, of and in the Manor and Advowson of Ower Moigne, in the County of Dorset, and several Lauds and Hereditaments to the same Manor belonging:

An Act for enabling Thomas Scawen Esquire, and others, to fell an Estate in Ireland, settled by Sir William Scazven's Will; and settling another Estate, purchased Vol. 22.

by the said Thomas Scawen, iu England, of greater Royal Afleiii Value, to the same Uses: to Bills.

An Act for Sale of the Manor of Hopsford, in the County of Warwick, for raising Money towards discharging the Debts and Incumbrances of Elizabeth late Dutchess of Hamilton and Brandon, deceased:

An Act for discharging a certain Piece of Ground, called the The Pejl house Field\ from certain charitable Trusts; ami for settling another Piece of Ground, of equal Extent, and in a more convenient Place, upon the same Trusts:

An Act for vesting certain Houses in Blechingly, in the County of Surry, late the Estate of George Evelyn Esquire, deceased, in Charles Boone Esquire; and for settling another Estate, of greater Value, on the Daughters and Coheirs of the said George Evelyn, in lieu of* and exchange for, the same:

An Act for vesting Part of the Estate late of George Evelyn Esquire, deceased, in the County of Surry, in Trustees, in order to sell and convey the same to Charles Boone Esquire, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose:

An Act for inclosing the Common or Waste called Lighlwood Fore/, otherwise Cocknage Banks, and Blur-ton Common, in the Manor and Parish of Trentham, in the County of Stafford:

An Act for confirming, and making effectual, several Articles of Agreement made for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields of Great Cleybrookej and Little Cleybrooke, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for confirming a Conveyance of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Durham, late the Ellate of John Alorland Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts and Incumbrances:

An Act for Sale of the Manor, Farm, and Lands, of Encombe, in the County of Dorset, Part of the Estate of John Culliford Esquire, deceased, for Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances charged upon and affecting the fame:

An Act to enable Joseph Wyndham Esquire, and his I flue Male, to take, and use, the Surname of Ashe, pursuant to the last Will and Testament of Dame Mary Ashe:

An Act to naturalize Anne Judith Bri/otre, Wife of John Brijlozce Esquire:

An Act to naturalize Barlold Bull.

After which his Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as followeth viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen, The King’:

I Give you my hearty Thanks for the great Dif- speech, patch you have given to the publick Business; and for the Confidence you have reposed in me, for the Honour and Security of my Kingdom: So short a Session, at so critical and important a Conjuncture, concluded with so much Unanimity, and so just a Regard for the true Interest of the Nation, will give greatWeight and Credit to all our publick Transactions, and procure that Respect and Dependence upon the Great Council of this Nation, which are so necessary to support the Honour and interest of Great Britain both at home and abroad.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I must acknowledge, in a particular manner, the Zeal and Readiness which you have fljevvn, in raising, in so effectual a manner, the necessary Supplies for the Service of the Year: The Provision you have made for paying off great Part of the Debt of the Navy, a Debt necessarily and unavoidably incurred, and carrying a higher interest than the old National Debt; and which being at a Discount, increased the Charge and Expence in all Conti acts of the Navy, and Victualling, must certainly be thought of Angular Service to the Publick.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

the Time limited for the Expiration of this Parliament drawing near, I have resolved forthwith to issue my Proclamation for the Dissolving of it, and for calling a new Parliament, that the Inconveniences unavoidably

attending

t

A. 1734-

attending a General Election may be puk an End to as soon as possible: But I should think myself inexcuf-able, if I parted with this Parliament, without doing them the Justice to acknowledge the many signal Proofs they have given, through the course of Seven Years, of their Duty, Fidelity, and Attachment, to my Person and Government, and their constant Regard to the true Interest of their Country.

The Prosperity and Glory of my Reign depend upon the Affection and Happiness of my People; and the Happiness of my People upon my preserving to them all their legal Rights and Privileges, as established under the present Settlement of the Crown in the Proteilant Line: A due Execution and ftrid Observance of the Laws are the best and only Security both to Sovereign and Subject; their Interest is mutual and inseparable, and therefore their Endeavours for the Support of each other ought to be equal and reciprocal,' any Infringement or Encroachment upon the Rights of either, is a Diminution of the Strength of both; which, kept within their due Bounds and Limits, make that jult Balance which is necessary for the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, and for the Protection and Prosperity of the People: What depends upon me shall, on my Part, be religiously kept and observed; and I make no Doubt of receiving the just Returns of Duty and Gratitude from them.

I mult, in a particular manner, recommend it to you, and, from your known Afle&ion, do expect, that you will use your best Endeavours to heal the unhappy Divisions of the Nation, and to reconcile the Minds of all who truly and finfcerely with the Safety and Welfare of the Kingdom: It would be the greatest

Satisfaction to me, to fee a perfeCl Harmony restored amongstthem that have one and the same Principle at heart; that there might be no DillinClion, but of such as mean the Support of our present happy Constitution in Church and State, and such as willi tofubvert both; this is the only DistinClion that ought to prevail in this Country; where the Interest of King and People is one and the fame, and where they cannot fubfiit but by being so: If Religion, Liberty, and Property, were never at any time more fully enjoyed, without not only an Attempt, but even the Shadow of a Design, to alter or invade them, let not these sacred Names be made use of as artful and plausible Pretences to undermine the present Establishment, under which alone they can be safe.

I have nothing to wish, but that my People may not bemilguided; I appeal to their own Consciences for my Conduct; and hope the Providence of God will direct them in the Choice of such Representatives, as are most tit to be trusted with the Care and Preservation of the Protestant Religion, the present Establishment, and all the Religious and Civil Rights of Great Britain.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by his Majesty’s Command, said,

Parliament

prorogued.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is his Majesty’s lloyal Will and Pleasure, That this Parliament be prorogued to Turf day the Fourteenth Day of May next, to be then here held: And this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Tuesday the Fourteenth Day of May next.

j

By the Kino.

A PROCLAMATION,

For dissolving this present Parliament, and declaring the Calling of another*

GEORGE R.

Proclamation 'l^T WHEREAS we have thought fit, by and with the ^Parliament? Advice of our Privy Council, to dissolve this present Parliament, which now (lands prorogued to Tuesday the Fourteenth Day of May next; we do, for that End, publish this our Royal Proclamation, and do hereby dissolve the said Parliament accordingly; and the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and Com mi (Turners for Shires and Burghs, of the House of Commons, are discharged from their Meeting and Attendance on Tuesday, the said Fourteenth Day of May next: And, being desirous and resolved, as soon as may be, to meet our People, and have their Advice in Parliament, do hereby make known to all our loving Subjects our Royal Will and Pleasure to call a new Parliament; and do hereby further declare, That, with the Advice of our Privy Council, we have this Day given Order to our Chancellor of Great Britain to issue out Writs, in due Form, for calling a new Parliament: Which Writs are to bear Teste on T/iurfday the Eighteenth Day of this Infant April; and to be returnable on Thuvfday the Thirteenth Day of June next.

Given at our Court at St. James's, the Seventeenth Day of April 1734, in the Seventh Year of our Reign.

GOD save King.

Vs

j I

I n.i i. *

[ V i , , - -

4 \ 4; . r,

..... . - ' r ’ , M 5

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Voi» 22.

4*

By

ij

318

For dissolving this present Parliament, and declaring the Calling of another.

GEORGE R.

By the KING,

A PROCLAMATION

Meeting and Attendance on Tuesday the said Fourteenth Day of May next: And, being desirous and resolved, as soon as may be, to meet our People, and have their Advice, in Parliament, do hereby make known to all our loving Subjects, our Royal Will and Pleasure to call a new Parliament. And do hereby further declare, That, with the Advice of our Privy Council, we have this Day given Order to our Chancellor of Great Britain, to issue

WHEREAS we have thought fit, by and with the out Writs, in due Form, for calling a new Parliament;

Advice of our Privy Council, to difiolve this which Writs are to bear 7este on Thursday the Eighteenth present Parliament, which now Hands prorogued to Day of this instant April, and to be returnable on Tuesday the Fourteenth Day of May next; we do, for Thursday the Thirteenth Day of June next, that End, publish this our Royal Proclamation; and do

hereby difiolve the said Parliament accordingly: And the Given at our Court at St. James's, the Seventeenth

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, Day of April 1734, in the Seventh Year of our

and Burgesses, and Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, Reign.

of & r — - T'

Upn is lik^ife jl&rted at.

.mi of the

o

tV i

r' / \ r \

i Vj

/ \ r \

0

o

3>9

JOURNALS

OF T H B

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Sess. 1734 — 1735.

Jovis> 130 die Junii J

Anno 8° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1734.

THE King’s most Excellent Majesty having, by his Royal Proclamation, hereunto annexed, dated the 17th Day of April 1734* difloWed the last Parliament; and by his Writ of Summons issued under the Great Sral of Great Britain, bearing Teste at Westminster, on Thursday the 18th Day of April *734; and returnable on this Diy; called a new Parliament; and Stephen Bijfe and Thomas Bray E (quires, Clerk of - the "Crown in Chancery, having delivered to Nicolas Hardinge Esquire, Clerk of uie House of Commons, a Book, containing a List of the Names of such Members as hud been returned to serve in this Parliament; several of the Members appeared, and understanding that the Parliament was to be prorogued by Writ, went directly, without going into the House of Commons, or expecting any Message from the Ix>rds, up to the Door of the House of Peer*; and, after a short Stay there, the Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod opening the Door, they, with the Clerk, went up to the Bar of the House: And they being the re, the Lord Chancellor, who before set, covered, on the Wool-sack, Rood up, uncovered, and laid;

My Lords and Gentlemen,

His Majesty, by the Advice of his Privy Council, has ordered a Writ to be made out for proroguing this Parliament.

Which Writ, lying on the Table, his Lordship directed the Clerk to read: And the same wa* read accordingly, for proroguing the Parliament unto Tar/day the lCth Day of July next ensuing; as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth. To our dearly beloved and

faithful the Prelates, Nobles, and Lords, of our Kingdom of Great Britain, and to our beloved and faithful the Knights, Citizens, Burgesses, and Commissioners, for the Counties and Bdroughs of our laid Kingdom, called and chosen to our Parliament, to be begun and held at our City of Westminster, the 13th Day of this instant Month of June, and to every one of you, Greeting. Whereas we, for certain difficult and pressing Affairs concerning Us, the State and Defence of our Kingdom of Great Britain and the Church, did ordain the said Parliament to be held at the Day and Place aforesaid; and did command you, by our several Writs, to be present, at the City and' Day aforesaid, to treat, consent, and conclude, af>oiit those things, which, in our laid Parliament, then and there should be proposed and treated of; nevertheless, for certain Caules and Considerations, us at this time especially moving, we have thought fit to prorogue our aforesaid Parliament unto Tuesday the Sixteenth Day ot July next ensuing; lb that neither you, or any of you, are held or obliged to appear on the said Thirteenth Day of June at the aforesaid City: And we also will, That you, and every one of you, mall be wholly discharged to us therefrom; commanding, and, by the Tenor of these Prefcuts, strictly requiring you, and every of you, and all others whom this may concern. That you, and every of you, personally appear, and he present, on the faich Sixteenth Day of July, at our/aid City of Westminster, to treat, do, act, and conclude upon those Things which, in our laid Parliament, by the common Council of our said Kingdom, by God’s Assistance, shall happen to be ordained. Witness Ourself, at Westminster, the Twelfth Day of June, in the Eighth Year of our Reign.

A Writ to prorogue the Parliament, from the Firfi Summons.

Signed by the KING himself.

B isse and Brav.

Mart is, 1 6° die Julii;

Anno 8° Georgii tldi Regis, 1734.

nl O E V ER A t Members this Day appeared; and un-ue<J. derstanding that the Parliament was to be again prorogued by Writ, they went, as before, without going into the House of Commons, or expecting any Message from the Lords, up to the House of Peers: Where the Writ was read, for further proroguing the Parliament to and until Tuesday the 13th Day of August aext following; which Writ is as follofveth; viz.

GEORGE R.

GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth. To our dearly beloved and Vol. 2$,

faithful the Prelates, Nobles, and Lords of our Kingdom of Great Britain, and to our beloved and faithful the Knights, Citizens, Burgesses, and Commissioners, for the Counties and Boroughs of our laid Kingdom, called and chosen to our Parliament to be held at our City of Westminster, the Sixteenth Day of this instant July, and to every one of you, Greeting. Whereas we, for certain difficult and pressing Affairs, concerning Us, the State and Defence of our Kingdom of Great Britain and the Church, did ordain the said Parliament to be begun and held at the City of Westminster, the Thirteenth Day of June last palt; and did command you, by our several Writs, to be present, at the said City, and Day, to treat consent, and conclude, about those things, which, in our laid Parliament, should then and there be propounded and treated of: And whereas we have, by our Writ, for certain Causes and Considerations, us thereunto especiafJy

moving.

320 i 6° Julii. — 13 0 August. — 1734.

moving, thought fit to prorogue our said Parliament, from the same Thirteenth‘T7ay of JuMe to and until t£*e said Sixteenth Day of this-' instant Jkly; so that iioither you, or any of you, on the said Thirteenth Day of June, at our said City, are bound or obliged* to appear;: being willing, that you, and every one of you, should be, by us, therefrom wholly discharged; and, by the same Writ, we very lately commanded you, and every of you, to appear and be present, on the skid Sixteenth, Day of this instant July, at our said City, to treat, do, aft, and conclude upon those things, which, in our said Parliament, should happen to be ordained; neverthelfts* Jar certain pressing Causes and Considerations, us especialiy thereunto moving, our laid Parliament, from the said Sixteenth Day of this instant July, to and until Tuesday the Thirteenth Day of August next following, we have therefore thought fit further to prorogue; so that neither you, or any one of you, on the said Sixteenth Day of this instant July, at

Mar/tSy 130

Anno 8° Georgii IF1 Regs, 1734#

Parliament QEVERAL Members this Day appeared.; and, further understanding that the Parliament was to be a^ain

prorogued, prorogued by Writ, they went, as before, without going into the House of Commons, or expecting any Message from the Lords, up to the House of Peers: Where the Writ was read, for further proroguing the Parliament unto Thursday the 26th Day of September next following; which Writ is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, 8$C. To our dearly beloved and faithfdl the Prelates, Ndbles, and Lords, of our Kingdom of Great Britain, and to our beloved and faithful the Knights, Citizens, Burgesses, and Commissioners, for the Counties and Boroughs of our said Kingdom, called and cholen to our Parliament to be held at our City of Westminster, the Thirteenth Day of this instant August, and to every one of you, Greeting. Whereas we, for certain difficult and pressing Affairs, concerning Us, the State and Defence of our Kingdom of Great Britain and the Church, did ordain this present Parliament to be held at the aforesaid City, on the Thirteenth Day of June last past; and did command you, by our several Writs, at the City and Day aforesaid, to be present, to treat, consent, and conclude upon thcrfe things, which, in our said Parliament, then and there should be proposed and treated of: And whereas we, by our Writ, for certain Causes and Confi/ierations, us thereunto especialiy moving, have thought fit to prorogue our said Parliament, from the same Thirteenth Day

our said City, are bound or obliged to appear: Also we will, Thatcyou, anjf every of yoi^-he^ by us, therefrom fullvifilcfyirged; cammaading, ana, by the Tenor of these Prefeii$s,itri&ly requiring you, and every of you, and all others whom this may ^concern, that you and every of you, personally appear, and be present, on the said Thirteenth Day of August, at the said City of Westminster, to treat, do, aft, and conclude upon those tilings, which, in our Parliament, by the common Council of our said Kingdom, God’s AflSftance, (hallhappen to beordainedv

Witness Gitfself, at Westminster, the Eleventh Day of JukffJui the Eighth Year of our Reign.

Sijyied by the KIN G himself.

Bisse and Bi?ay.

A Writ to prorogue the Parliament, from the Second Summons.

of June, unto the Sixteenth of July last past; and from thence, by another Writ, unto the Thirteenth Day of this instant August; so that neither you, or any one of you, at the said Days, were bound or obliged to appear at the said City; being willing that you, and every one of you, should, by us, be discharged therefrom; and, by the same Writ, we lately commanded you, and every one of you, to appear, and be personally present, on the &id Thirteenth Day of August, at the City aforesaid, to treat, do, aft, and conclude upon those things, which, in our laid Parliament, shall happen to be ordained; nevertheless, for certain Causes and Considerations, US'hereunto especialiy moving, we have thought fit further to prorogue our said Parliament from the said Thirteenth Day of this instant August, unto Thursday die Six-and-twentieth Day of September next following; lo that neither you or any of you, on the said Thirteenth L)ay of August, at the aforesaid City, are bound or obliged to appear: We will therefore, That you, and every of you, shall be, by us, therefrom wholly discharged; commanding, and, by the Tenor of these Presents, strictly requiring you, and every of you, and all others, whom it may concern, on this l}ehalf, That, at the said Six-and-twentieth D(ay of September, at the aforesaid City of Westminster, you, and every crny of you, appear, and be personally present, to treat, do, aft, and conclude upon those things, which, in our said Parliament, by the common Council of our said Kingdom, by God’s Assistance, shall happen to be ordained. Witness Ourself, at Westminster, the Eighth Day of August, in the Eighth Year of our Reign.

Signed by the K IN G himself.

A Writ to prorogue the Parliament, from the Third Summons.

Bisse and Bray.

Jovisy '26° die Septemhris 3

Anno 8* Georgii ID* Regis, 1734.

Parliament O EVERAL Members this Day appeared; and, further understanding that the Parliament was to be again prorogued. pror0gUeci by Writ, they went, as before, without going into the House of Commons, or expecting any Message from the Lords, up to the House of Peers: Where the Writ was read, for further proroguing the Parliament unto Thursday the Fourteenth Day of November next following; which Writ is as followeth; viz.

GEORGER. r

GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, 8$c. To our dearly beloved and faithful

the Prelates, Nobles, and Lords, of our Kingdom of Great Britain, and to our beloved and faithful the Knights, Citizens, Burgesses, and Commissioners, for the Counties and Boroughs of our said Kingdom, called and chosen to our Parliament to be held at our City of Westminster, the Twenty-sixth Day of this instant September, and to every one of you, greeting. Whereas we, for* certain difficult and pressing Affairs, concerning Us, the State and Defence of our Kingdom of Great Britain and the Church, did ordain this present Parliament to be held at the aforesaid City, on the Thirteenth Day of June last past; and did command you, by our several Writs, at the City and Day aforesaid, to be present, to treat, consent, and conclude upon those things, which in our said Parliament then and there should be proposed and treated of: And whereas we, by our Writ, for certain Causes and Considerations, us thereunto especialiy moving, have thought 16 . fit

t

8 Geo. II. 26° Septembris. — 140

fit to prorogue our fair! Parliament from the same Thirteenth Day o ijune unto the Sixteenth Day of July last pad; from thence, by another Writ, unto the Thirteenth Day of Augnjt last past; and from thence, by another Writ, unto the Twenty-sixth Day of this instant Sep-tembci'y fothat neither you, or any one of you, at the said Days, are bound or obliged to appear at the said City; being willing that you, and every oneof you, should, by iis, be discharged therefrom; and, by the same Writ, we lately commanded you, and everyone of you, to appear, and be personally present, on the said Twenty-sixth Day of this instant September, at the City aforesaid, to treat, do, act, and conclude upon those things, which, in our said Parliament, shall happen to be ordained; nevertheless, for certain Causes and Considerations, us hereunto especially moving, we have thought fit further to prorogue our said Parliament, from the said Twenty-sixth Day of this instant September, unto Thursday the Fourteenth Day of November next following; so that neither you, or any of you, on the said Twenty-sixth

321

Day of this instant September, at the aforesaid City, are bound or obliged to appear: We will therefore. That you, and every of you, shall be, by us, therefrom wholly discharged; commanding, and, by the Tenor of these Presents, strictly requiring you, and every of you, and all others whom it may concern, in this Behalf, that, at the said Fourteenth Day of November, at the aforesaid City oi Westminster, you, and every one of you, appear, and be personally present, to treat, do, aft, and conclude upon those things, which, in our said Parliament, by the Common Council of our said Kingdom, by God’s Assistance, shall happen to be ordained* Witness Ourself, at Westminster, the Nineteenth Day of September, in the Eighth Year of our Reigtu

Signed by the KI N G himself.

A Writ to prorogue the Parliament, from the Fourth Summons*

Bisse and BrAy.

Jovis> 24.0 die Novetnbf is;

Anno 8* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1734.

Mament ^fiVERAL Members this Day appeared; and, O undemanding that the Parliament was to be again prorogued by Writ, they went, as before, without going into the House of Commons, or expecting any Message from the twirls, up to the House of Peers: Where the ^rit was read, for further proroguing the Parliament unto ’fuefday the 14th Day of January next following; which Writ is as folio weth; viz.

GEORGE R.

George the Sccoifd, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, 8(c. To our dearly beloved and faithful the Prelates, Nobles, and Lords of our Kingdom of Great Britain, and to pur beloved and faithful the Knights, Citizens, Burgefl'es, and Commissioners, for the Counties and Boroughs of our said Kingdom, called and chosen to out Parliament to be held at our City of Westminster, the Fourteenth Day of this instant November, and to every one of you, Greeting. Whereas we, for certain difficult and pressing Affairs, concerning Us, the State and Defence of our Kingdom oi Great Britain and the Church, did ordain this present Parliament to be held at the aforesaid City, on the Thirteenth Day of June last past; and did command you, by our several Writs, at the City and Day aforesaid, to be present, to treat, content, and conclude upon those things, which, in our said Parliament, then and there should be proposed and treated of: And whereas we, by our Writ, for certain Causes and Considerations, us thereunto especially moving, have thought fit to prorogue our said Parliament, from the same Thirteenth Day of June, unto the Sixteenth Day of July last past; from thence, by another Writ, unto the Thirteenth Day of Augustldk past; from

By the KING*

A PROCLAMATION.

GEORGE R. tioTfor* WH E A S our Parliament, which we summoned Mening of W to meet at Westminster, on Thursday the Thir-Pwliament. teenth Day of June last, stands prorogued to Thursday the Fourteenth Day of this instant November; we, by the Advice of our Privy Council, do hereby publish and declare, That the said Parliament shall be further prorogued, on the said Fourteenth Day of November to Tuesday the Fourteenth Day of January next; and we have given Order to our Chancellor of Great Britain to prepare a Writ Patent, under our Great Seal, for pro-Voi.22.

thence by another Writ, tmto the Twenty-sixth Day of September last past; arid from thence, b^ another Writ, vlhto the Fourteenth Day of this instant November; so that neither you, or any one of you, at the said Days, are bound or obliged to appear at the said City; being willing that you, and every one of you, should, by us, be dftclrarged therefrom; arid, by the same Writ, We lately cOhnfmanded you, and every one of you, to appear, and be personally pressent, on the said Fourteenth Of this instant November, at the City aforesaid, to tfeat, do, aft; and conclude Opdn those things, which; 10 o'dr said parliament* shall happen to be ordained; nevef-theless, for fcdrtain Causes and ChnfideiWtibhs, h$ thereunto especially moving* wfc have thought fit further to prorogue our said Parliament from the said Fourteenth Day Of. this instant November unto Tubfduy the Fourteenth Day of January rifext following; so that neither yOu, of any of ybu, on the said Fourteenth Day of this instant November, at the aforesaid City; are bound Or obliged tb appear: We Will therefore. That yori; and every of you, shall be by us therefrom wholly dischargedi commanding, and, by the Tenor of these Presents, strictly requiring you, and every of you, and all others whom it may concern on this Behalf, that, at the said Fourteenth Day of January, at the aforesaid City of Westminster, you, and every one of you, appear, and be personally present, to treat, do, aft, and conclude upon those things, which, in our said Parliament, by the common Council of our said Kingdom, by God’s Assistance, shall happen to be ordained. Witness Ourself, at Westminster, the Seventh Day of November, in the Eighth Year of our Reign.

Signed by the KI N G himself.

A Writ to prorogue the Parliament, from the Fifth Summons.

Bi sse and Bray.

roguing the same accordingly: And we do further hereby declare our Pleasure, That the said Parliament shall, on the said Fourteenth Day of January, be held, and fit, for the Dispatch of divers weighty and important Affairs; and the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioner* for Shires and Burghs, of the House of Commons, are hereby required to give their Attendance accordingly, at Westminster, on the said Fourteenth Day of January.

Given at our Court at St. James's, the Seventh Day of November, in the Eighth Year of our Reign.

GOD favetheKiNG.

4 N WILLIAM -

}2 2

Ud YJflLLlAM Dtike of Devonshire, Lord Steward of his Majesty's Houshold, Knight of the most Noble Ordei* of the Garter, and One of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, To all to whom these Prefen t$ shall epu a ion. >come^ Questing Know ye, that I, the raid Lord Steward, by virtue of my said Office of Lord Steward, have condituted, named, and appointed, and, by these Prefen ts, do conditute, name, and appoint, Philip Lloyd Esquire; Sir William Heathcott Baronet; the honourable John Campbell of Mamore, William Campbell, George Purvis, Pickard Plumer, Thomas Bacon, John Crete, William Noel, Thomas Hales, George Healhcole, Charles Longueville, Gy/ft* Earle* William Rawlinjbn Earle, Matthew Marty 71, Isaac Letnyng Rebozo, Esquires; the Right honourable the Lord Charles Cavendish; Robert Trefufls, Nicolas Fenwick, Alexander Hume Campbell, Duncan Forbes, Inquires j Sir JuJtinian Isham Baronet; Philip Anflruther, John Griffith, Henry Maijier, Paul Burrard, Maurice Bocland, John PI umpire, Daniel Wilson, Esquires; Sir Joseph Pennington Baronet; Stephen Biffie, Thomas Revell, Esquires; Sir William Lowther Baronet; the Right honourable Ju/w Lord Viscount Galway-, Isaac Leheupe, Hen?y Grey, John Yorkc, Esquires; Sir Francis Henry Drake Baronet; Charles Arejkine, Rogers Holland, Hany Waller, Esquires; Sir James Campbell Baronet; Thomas Watts, Thomas Medlycote, Esquires; Sir George Wynne Baronet; the Right honourable Arthur Onslow, Thomas Winninglon, the honourable Richard Onjlozo, Richard Onslow, Robert Hucks, Kendrick Clayton, John Hdntpden, Thomas Lezoisot Sober ton, Paul Docminique, Esquires; Sir Charles Bunbury Baronet; Thomas Edzvards Esquire; Sir Charles Afordaunt Baronet; William Archer Esquire; Sir Richard Mill Baronet; the Right honourable John LoxA Glenorchy, Harry Gough, Edward Conyers, Esquires; Sir Henry Lyddell Baronet; George Lyddell, Walter Hungerford, John Briftoxjo, John Phillipson, Waller Lloyd, the honourable George Compton, Jonathan Rajhleigh, Esquires; Sir Edward Dering Baronet; William Wollaflon, Thomas Wynne, William Vaughan, John Bance, Edward Tucker, Townshend Andrews, Esquires; Sir John Anjlru-iher Baronet; James Campbell,!ames Carmichael, William Clayton, William Hucks> James BrudeneU, Geo. Crozole, Esquires; Sir William Wentworlh Baronet; Philip Hawkins, NicolasRobinfon, Peter Campbell, William Thompson, Esquires; Sir James Lwther Baronet; ArthurBevan, Francis Eyles, Esquires; Sir Nicolas Williams Baronet; John Bolder, Thomas Brereton, Elerker Bradshaw, Richard Gildart, Esquires; Sir Robert Monroe Baronet; Samuel Edwards Esquire; Sir James Ferguson Baronet; or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them; my Deputy and Deputies, in my place and dead, to tender and adminider the Oaths mentioned in the Statute made in the First Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning the Assembling and Sitting of this present Parliament, according to the Direction of the said Statute, and of all and every other Statute and Statutes, directing the Taking of the said Oaths before me, to all and every Perfohand Personls, which is, are, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners of Shires or Burghs, of the present Parliament, appointed to meet the Fourteenth Day of January indant; and to take and receive the Oaths of all and every the said Person and Persons, which is, are, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight) Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners for the Shires or Burghs, aforesaid, for the said Parliament; giving the m. Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, full Power and Authority to execute and perforin the fame; ratifying and confirming all and whatsoever my Deputies or Deputy /had do and perform, in this Behalf, in as ample, perfeCl, and full Manner, as if I myself had personally been present, and done the fame. In Tedimony whereof, I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this Fourteenth Day of January, in the Eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, Fraqce, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, fife. Annoque Domini 1734.

Devonshire. (L. S.)

i'

Parliamentum

8 Geo. II.

14° januarii. 323

Parliamenturn, inceptum et tenfum apud civitatem Westmonaftc^ rienfem die Martis, 140 die Januarii, anno regni Domini nostri Georgii Secundi Dei gratia Magna? Britannia?, Franciae, & Hibernia?, Regis, fidei Defenforis &c. 8V0, annoque Domini 1734.]

at /^\ N which Day, being the First Day of the Meeting V/ of this Parliament for the Dispatch of Business, pursuant to a Proclamation hereunto annexed, and also to the Writs which had issued for that Purpose, the most noble William Duke of Drconjlure, Lord Steward of his Majesty’g Hotifchold, came, about Nine of the Clock, into the Rooms be longing to the Clerk of the House of Commons, called the Inner Court of Wards, where the Oaths appointed to be taken by the Members returned to serve in Parliament are usually administered; and Nicolas Hardingc Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons, and M r. Aijkeiv, Clerk Affiliant, and the other Clerks, attending, according to their Duty; The Lord Steward did himself, in Person, admin ifler the Oaths appointed to several of the Members who appeared; and afterwards made a Commission, or Deputation, under his Hand and Seal, hereuutonlfo annexed, impowering several of the Members, who had before been l\vorn to administer the said Ojflis to the rest of the Members returned, some of which Commissioners administered the fame' accordingly to such other Members as appeared: Which being done, the Members repaired to their Seats in the House of Commons. Alter which,

!to A Message was delivered from the King, by Sir

be Charles Dalton, Gentleman Uiher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen,

The King commands this honourable House to attend him, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, the House went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where the Lord Iligh Chancellor of Great Britain, by his Majesty’s Directions, said,

My Lords and Gentlemen, an- His Majesty hath commanded me to let you know, s That he is not p!eaf *d to declare his reasons for calling *' this Parliament, till there be a Speaker of the House of Commons; and therefore it is his Majesty’s Pltafiire, that you, Gentlemen of the House of Commons, immediately repair to the Place where the Commons usually fit, and there choose a fit Person to be your Speaker; and that you present him, whom you thall so choose, to his M a jetty here, for his Royal Approbation, on Thursday the Twenty-third of this Month, at Two of the Clock.

low And House being returned; Henry Arthur Her-a bert Esquire, Burgess for the Borough of Ludlow, in r. the County of Salop; add retting himself to the Clerk, who, (landing up, pointed to him, and th^n fat down, said,

That, as the Continuance, and full Enjoyment, of all our Civil and Religious Rights, werq P.art of those Blef-sings which distingtiithed his Majesty’s Reign over us, Vo l. 22.

and a due and proper Use of them was what gave his Majesty the most sensible Pleasure, the House was then returned from his royal Presence to exercise one of their highest Privileges, the free Choice of a Speaker, an Office of so great honour, confidence, and importance, that none but a Person of the most consummate Character and Accomplishment should be thought of for it: That if the Coufufion, which he said he was then under, were observed, he hoped the House would attribute it to a just Diffidence of himself, and a just Awe of the Greatness of the Audience, and be convinced, that he could not be prevailed upon to deliver his Sentiments in Publick, by any other Motives whatever, than a true Zeal for the Jlouourand Service of the House, a Desire to do Justice to a Gentleman, whose Merits the House had long had Experience of, and a Satisfaction that he proposed to himself from the ready Compliance of the House with the Motion he should conclude with: That i! Candour, Judgment, and Impartiality, in conducting the Debates of the House, a perfect Know ledge of our Laws and Constitutiofl, as well as of the Business of Parliament, and a just Spirit to support that Conliitution, as well as to preserve the Order, Dignity, and Privileges of the House, were the valuable and essential Qualities required in a Speaker, he was perfuatied, that no one could hesitate in making a proper Choice: Then, since every Gentleman mull ealily recollect with what general Applause those great Qualities were exerted, in the last Parliament, by an honourable Person whom, be laid, he Bad in his Eye. — That he was conscious, that what he could say would fall very short of what the Gentleman deserved; and, should he attempt to enter particularly upon enumerating his Merits, it might possibly appear, that he thought others were less leufibh of them than he was, and be disagreeable to the honourable Person himself, to whom aloiu", he said, those Mu'its seem unknown. — To engage an Approbation of him the more effectually, he deftred the House to reflect in what manner he formerly rote to the Chair; not, he said, by the Violence or Caprice of contending I nterefts 3 not to serve the views of any particular Set of Meuj No — He said, his great Talents and Accomplittiments induced the House of Commons, in the last Parliament, to invite him to the Acceptance of that high Station; and, as their unanimous Concurrence placed him there, the universal Approbation his Conduct met with, fully justified the Prudence of their Choice; but, whatever were their first Inipreflions, or the Reasons that then prevailed in his Favour, those certainly mud now, he said, be of much greater weight by the Proofs he had given of his Abilities, in discharging that important Trust so manifestly to the Honour of the House, and so agreeably to the Esteem and Character that he bore in the World. — In Justice therefore to his/Conduct, and in Acknowledgement of his

Services,

sW I4° —

Services, he took the Liberty, he said, of moving, That the Right honourable Arthur Oi\flow Esquire might take the Chair as Speaker*

- Then tite honourable James Cholmondeley Esquire, Burgess for the Borough of Camelford, in the County of Cornwall, addressing himself I ike wife to the Clerk, who, ftauding up, pointed to him, and then fat down, said,

Experience, that so many Gentlemen present had of the great Honour, Integrity, and Ability of the honourable Person recommended to the House upon this Occasion, would, he hoped, exeufe the Liberty he then took, he said, of expressing not only his Content, but like wife his earned Desire, of seeing him once more placed in the Chair. — That, if the House looked back 8pbDt his Gondii6fc and Behaviour, as Speaker of the late House of Commons, the many Proofs the House then had of his Kuowledge in Parliamentary Affairs, mull naturally induce them to conclude, that they should Hill find in him the same unwearied Diligence and Attachment to the publick Bufiness, the same steady Adherence to the true Interest of his Country, and an equal Zeal and Vigour in supporting the Rights and Privileges of the House; and therefore, he said, he flattered himself that lie should meet with tire unanimous Concurrence of the House in the Nomination of the Person proposed. — That he should have fat still, being, he said, sensible, that such a Character wanted no assistance to make it strike deep in the Favour and Opinion of Mankind; but that the Forms of the House required that every Motion should be first moved, and seconded, before it can be received; in Compliance to which, he said, he then took the Liberty to second the Motion that had been made; and, he flattered himself, he said, That the House would not be so much wanting to tfaemselves to neglect, to overlook a of such difUnguished Merit, when the House was upon the Choice of a Person tofo high and important aTruft.

And, the House calling Mr. Onjloxv to the Chair, he flood up in his Place, and said,

Mr* Hardinge,

I will not dissemble the Satisfaction I have, that any Behaviour of mine, in the last Parliament, should in the Opinion of any Gentleman here, be a Recommendation of me to the same Duty in this.

And the kind manner, with which my Two honourable Friends have been pleased to represent me to the House, on this Occasion, is an Honour I cau never think too highly of, nor be too thankful to them for.

But as Men, in fomerespects, may be the best Judges of themselves, I know myself too well not to think it a Matter of Justicein me to say to the House, That, whatever my Experience in this great Office has been, as it shewed me what Qualities are necessary to a due Discharge of it, did but too well convince me, at the same time, how mueh they were wanting in the Administration of it in the tail Parliament.

I call this. Sir, a Matter of Justice in me to the House *, but it would be imprudent also in me not to own it, where I am sensible I have too many Witnesses of it.

What I at first apprehended only, I soon and always felt.

And, although no Man ever more experienced, and sorely no Man ever flood more in need of, the Candour and kind Indulgence of the House, I dare not, it would be Presumption in me to hope for that again, which, I fear, was too much tried before; and, without which, I know myielf unable to do, what I know too the House ought to expe£t from him whom they place in this high Station.

It is therefore incumbent on me. Sir, to desire Gentlemen to consider of feme other Person for this important Trust, whose Abilities will not want the Helps which mine have done, and must do, and *7

Januariu ^.1734.

who will do his Duty for the Ease of the House, in the Order and Dispatch of their Business, which is the Design of the Office, and not to the Fatigue and Dif-quiet of the House, by too great an Exercise ef its Patience.

But, the House again calling Mr* Onslow to the Chair, he was taken out of his Place by Mr. Herbert and Mr. Cholmondeley, who led him from the Bar of the House up to the Chair, where, upon the first Step, he said,

Before I go any further, Gentlemen have an Opportunity to recall what they have done, and to suffer me to return to my own Place, in order to their choosing feme other Person more-capable of this:

But the Members cried "No! No!"

Whereupon Mr. Onslow ascended the upper Step; and, (landing the re, said,

Since Gentlemen have commanded me hither, I beg Leave to return them my humblest Thanks for the great Honour they have conferred upon me; but, as it is to a painful Service, which may be too much for me, again, I hope Gentlemen will permit me to lay my Infirmities before his Majesty, and implore his Leave to the House to make another Choice, which, upon Recollection, may be more pleasing to Gentlemen, and more for the publick Benefit, than what they have now done.

The House cried u No! No!"

And thereupon be fat down in the Chair;

And then the Mace, which before lay under the Table, was laid upon the Table.

Then Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, having congratulated Mr. Speaker elefl, moved, That the Hoafe would adjourn till Thursday Sevennight, that being the Day appointed for the Presentment of their Speaker to his Majesty, in the House of Peers, for his Royal Approbation.

And then the House adjourned, accordingly, till Thursday Sevennight, Twelve of the Clock.

May it pleaseyour most Excellent Majesty,

The Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, have, in pursuance of your Majesty's Direction, and according to their ancient Right, proceeded to the Election of One of their Members, to be presented to your Majesty, for their Speaker.

And their Choice, Sir, has again fallen upon me for this important Trust.

An Office, Sir, which, almost in all times, has been deemed too important and difficult for any Person to undertake, without expressing his Fears and Dread of not performing his Duty in it, and of the State thereby receiving Detriment through his Inabilities.

A Caution, Sir, none can use better than they who have experienced the Difficulty; nor your Majesty’s Power, of remitting your Commons to another Choice, be better exercised, than where joa. Sir, have experienced a former Insufficiency.

My knowledge suggests the one, my fears the other.

Both make it a Matter of Duty in me to be an humble Suitor to your Majesty,

f That,

Jovitf 23® die Januarii;

Anno 8* Georgii IP* Regis, 1734.

THE House being met; and Mr. Speaker elect Mr. Spcato having taken the Chair; appro*!®!

AMeflage was brought from his Majesty, by Sir by lheft, tlf Charles Dalton, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend him in the House of Peers immediately.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker elect, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty: Where he spake to the Efi’eft following; viz.

boos le

8GeO.IL ^3° — 24° — 25* — 17° Januarii. 315

That, in Grace to your faithful Commons, your Majesty "ill be pleased to fend them hack to re-consider uhat tfiey have done, and to make Choice of some other Pnlon, on this Occasion, more proper than I am for their Service, and your Royal Approbation.

Then the Lord Chancellor, receiving Directions from

his Majesty, fuid,

Mr. On//air.

His Majesty having experienced your Ability’ and Integrity in the Execution of the important Office of Speaker of the Iloufe of Commons, and your Zeal for his Service, and for the Interest of your Country, commands me to let you know, that he intirely approves the Choice the Commons have made of you to be their Speaker: His Majesty therefore is not pleased to admit your Excuse, but allows and confirms you to be Speaker.

Then Mr. Speaker said.

Whatever Difficulties, Sir, may attend the Execution of the Office your Majesty has now been pleased to confirm me in, whatever my fenfcmay be of my inability to perform it us I ought, it is my Duty to submit myself to your Majesty s Commands, and to acknowledge, with all Gratitude, your Majesty's Grace to me, and the high Honour I receive in this Promotion; and to allure your Majesty, as I do, of my heft Endeavours to discharge this great Trust with Impartiality, ami Uprightncfs of Mind, as what, I am feniible, will heft recommend my poor Services to your favourable Construction, and be most likely to induce your Majesty's Pardon of my Failings and Infirmities, which I humbly implore of your Majesty, at least that they may be imputed only to me, and in no-wife to your faithful Commons; and that your Commons in Parliament may be the better enabled to perform their Duty to your Majesty, and their Country, I do, in their Name, and on their behalf, by humble Petition to your Majesty, lay Claim to all their ancient Rights and Privileges, particularly that they, their Servants, and Estates, may lx? free from Arrests, and all Molestations; that they may enjoy Freedom of Speech, for the better Management of their Debates, and have Liberty of Accefe to your Royal PciTon, w hen Occasion shall require it; ami that ail their Proceedings may receive from your Majesty the most benign Interpretation.

The Lord Chancellor, receiving further Directions from Lis Majesty, laid,

Mr. Speaker,

His Majesty is fully satisfied of the Duty and Affection of the House of Commons, and of their Discretion and Temper, his Majesty therefore very readily grants them all their Privilcg s in as ample a manner as they have any time been granted, or allowed, by any of his Royal Predeceftbrs.

As to what you have desired, with regard to yourself, his Majesty will always put the most favourable Conftfuc-tion upon your Words and AClious, in the Execution of your Duty, if you, Sir, who are so conversantin the Rules and Usages of Parliament, should ever standingneed of it

The House being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers, where his Majesty had been pleased to approve the Choice they had made of him to be their Speaker; and, upon the Petition of Claim, made by him to his Majesty, in the Name and on the behalf of the House, for that Purpose, to grant and allow to the House all their ancient Rights and Privileges, in as ample a manner as any of their Predecessors ever enjoyed them; particularly that they, their Servants, and Estates, should be free from Arrera, and all Molestation; that they should enjoy Freedom of Speech, and have Accefe to his Royal Pedon whenever Occasion should require: Anil then Mr. Speaker repeated his Thanks to the House for the great Honour they had done him, in his being again placed in that high Station: He hoped, he said, he

Vo l. 22.

should always remember, that it was through the Favour of the House, that he was brought to that Promotion; and that he should demean himself in it with that Impartiality, and Decency of Behaviour, which the House had a Right to expect and demand of him; and on this Condition, he trusted, lie said, that Gentlemen would permit hitn to hope for their Tcndemefs towards his Failings, and their Assistance in the Discharge of his Duty; and, that he might be the better enabled to do this, and the House their Duty too, he beseechetl Gentlemen to keep strictly to the Rules and Orders of the House, those wife Provisions of their Ancestors for supporting the Dignity and Authority of the House; and that, among them, Gentlemen would have a particular Regard to those which had been made to prevent personal Reflections and Altercations tn Debates: He added, that it was also his Duty to exhort Gentlemen to another Thing, very necessary to the Dispatch of the Business of the House, an early Attendance upon it in a Morning, that that, which is the proper time for Bufinets, might not be loft to the Service of the Publick.

After which Mr. Speaker put the House in mind, that Mr. Speaker the first Thing to be done was to take the Oaths, and ukes Oaths* make and subscribe the Declaration, and take and subscribe the Oath of Abjuration, by Law required.

And thereupon Mr. Speaker, first alonej standing upon the upper step of the Chair, took the said Oaths, and made and subscribed the said Declaration, and took and substribed the said Oath of Abjuration.

And, after him, several Members took the said Oaths* and made and subscribed the said Declaration, and took e a ' and subscribed the said Oath of Abjuration.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 240 die Januarii;

Anno 8° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1734.

Praters.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths Members and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took ukc 0atix,< and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbat/, 250 die januarii;

Anno 8° Georgii Ildi Regis, 1734.

Prayers.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, Members and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took takeOatbsi and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 2 70 die januarii;

Anno 8* Georgii IIdI Regis, 1734*

Praters.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths,

and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took a e a and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

4 O A Bill

3* 6

C'landeiiine A Bill for the effectual preventing clandestine Outlawries, outlawries, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Grand Ordered, That the grand Committee for Religion do

Committees, {ft ever Tueflay in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Grievances do fe every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ch'dtred, That the grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House,

Committee 0rd$)*ed, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections* Privileges, be appointed of Mr. Earle, Mr. White, Mr. Winhington, Mr. Lbnguevilte, Sir Edward’ Stanley, Sir Wm. Yongev Sit Geo. Qxenden, Captain Purvis, Sir James Campbell, Sir Gha. Turner, Mr. Pelham, sir Wm. Heathcoie, Mr. Par, Mr. Ingram, Sir Nathanael Curzon, My. Larochef Mr. Waller, Mr. Whitworth, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Foley, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Fane. Mr. Bramston, Mr. Peter Campbell, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Rawlinjoft Earle, Mr. Danvers, Lord Gage, Mr. Polhill, Lord Middlefer, Loi*d Palmerston, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. jiiMs, Mr. ClutUrbuck, Sir John Reathcote, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr* More, Mr. Arundell, Mr. Beaghan, Mr. Thompfm, Brigadier Churchill, Mr. Revelt, Mr. GfeenhMk, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Clattering, Mr. Owen, Mr. Leathes, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Griffith, Mr. Horjemenden Turner, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Ckolntonddey^ Mr. Pitt, Mr. Corbet, C olonel Campbell, Mr. Hedges, Mr. Ddtnc, Sir Tho. Lyttelton, Mr. Pollen, Sir Michael Newton, Mr. Wrighte, Mr. Hoare, Sir Robert Grofoenor, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Lawton, Lord Combury, Mr. Crawls, Sir Hen. Stingsby, Mr. Bancks,t Colonel Handayfydt, Mr* Treby, Sir Win. Lowther, Mr.* Biffe, Mr. Brereton, Lord Vere Beaaclerk, Mr. Tracey, Sir TkomaeCkudee, Mr. Proby, Mr. JVm. Plummer, Mr.

Wyndham, Mr. Riohard Plummer, Colonel Duckett, Sir Milch Stapyltoh, Mr. Attorney General, Sir John Cope, Mr. Hampdpii, Mr. Master, Mr. Bowles, Sir Francis Drake, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Campbell of Pembr. Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Chajin, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Pktmptre, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Shepheard, Mr* Tucker, Mr. Bromley, Sir Jofiph Pennington, Mr. Dodwgton, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Lister Kay, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Chamberlain, Sir John Molesworth, Sir Nicolas Williams, Lord Polwarth, Mr. Copleston, Mr. Frederick, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Phifipjbn, Mr. Bacon, Lord Robert Mbntague, Mr. Curzon, Sir Cha. Hot ham, Mr. York, Lord John Sackcille, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Edwards. Sir Robert Monroe, Mr. Hcdworth, Mr. Forester, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Wm. Clayton, Sir Wnu Keyte, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Digby, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Fitz-roy, Colonel Gholnwitdeley, Sir Edward Dering, Mr.

Rojfe, Mr. Oglethorp, Mr. Crew, Lord Noel Somerset,

Mr. Compton, Sir Humphry Horworth, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Hurley, Sir James Grant, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Maister, Mr. Waller, Sir Tho. Aston9 Mr, kowney, Mr. Evans,. Mr. Tower, Mr. Erskine. Captain Evans, Mr. Mackworth Praed, Colonel Lyddall, Mr. Kinaston, Mr. Wollaston, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Heath-tote, Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr* Lowther, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Fane, Mr. Jeffreys, Mr. Wat kin Wms. Wynn, Sir Abraham EltonJSM Justinian Isham, Mr. Cornwallis, Sir Herbert Pakington, Mr. Powys, Mr. Life, Mr. Barlow, Mr. Cocks, Sir Arthur Forbes, Mr. Lloyd, My. Burrell, Mr. Imven, Mr. Comewall, Mr. Conyers, Sir Hen. Gough, Mr. Montague, Sir Charles Mordctunt, Mr. Archer, Mr. Hungerford, Mr, Nedham, Mr. Onslow, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Levinz, Mr. Hilton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Finch, Sir Wilfrid Lawfm, Lord James Cavendish, Mr. Sum-hope, Mr. Balls Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Stert, Mr. Bynge, Mr. Tyrrell, Mr. Meadows, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Cary, Mr. Bristow, Mr. May, Mr. Arfcot, Mr. Sibthorp, Mr. Browne, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Ashley, MrjBankes,

17

2 70 Januarii.

A. 1734.

Sir Francis Child, Mr. Bond, Mr. Woodhoujb, Mr. Shaftoe, Mr. Towmhend, Mr. Lambton, Mr, Wortlcy, Mr. Parker9 Sir Conyci's D'Arcy, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Blackett, Mr. Braffey, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Courtenay, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Plcydett, Mr. Drax, Mr Chester, Mr. Haddock, Sir Thomas Saunderson, Mr. Lister, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Bocland, Mr. Smith, Mr. Guidott, Mr. Leveson Gower, Lord Tirconnell, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Noel, Mr. Jenifon, Mr. Fydel, Sir Robert Clifton, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Bennett, Mr. Robinson, DoCior Clarke, Mr. Lurnley, Mr. Serjeant Skinner, Sir Wm. Stanhope, Mr. Alderman Champion, Mr*. Dawkins, Mr. Marshall, Sir Rich Corbet, Mr. Butler, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Coster, Mr. Grove, Colonel Codrington, Sir Thomas Hobby, Mr. Hamilton, Sir Wm. Morice, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Henley, Mr. Dennis, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Sevan, Lord Glenorchy, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Hawkins, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Hales, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Penton, Mr. Boteler, Mr. Goddard, Sir John Shelley, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Bance, Mr. Rajhleigh, Mr. Eyles, Mr. Long, Sir Robert Long, Sir Thomas Read, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Bayly, My. Watts, Lord BulkeUy, Mr. Ord, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Mostyn, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Lindsay, Sir Geo. Wynn, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Halket, Mr. Fall, Mr. Lejley, Mr.* Falkener, Sir James Ferguson, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Murray, Mr. Brodie, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Heron, Mr. Witfoji, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Rutherford, My. Yates, Mr. Dalrymple, Mr. Windsor: And they are to meet upon this Day Sevennight, at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber, and to fit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon; and all that come are to have Voices: And they are to take into consideration all such matters as shall or may come in question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns in the First place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions thereupon, to die House, from time to time: And all Persons, that will question any Returns, are to do k within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee ane to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Ele&ioii by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come iti question, touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw, during the time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members, returned upon double Returns, do withdraw till their Returns are determined*

Rejbhed, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament

Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Petition, touching Eldfiions, to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned agaktft.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath procured himself to be elected, or returned, a Member of this House, or endeavoured lb to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That if it shall appear* that any Peafon hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to tills House, or any Committee thereof, or directly, or indirs&ly, hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanor, and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath _.giveu fastfe Evidence in any same before tills House, or any Committee

Ufuaf

Order*.

8 Geo. II. 27* Jamarii.

327

Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity ag^ioft inch Offender.

Refitted, That it is an high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord lieutenant of any County, to concern thciuselves in the Elections of Members to fcrvc for the Commons in Parliament

Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the Ufuai Order* fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do* upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered, but within the Hour* aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be font to the Post-master General.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Anns attending this Iloofc do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so token into Custody, be discharged without the special Order of the House*

Ordered, That the Rack-door of the Speaker s Chamber be locked up every Morning, at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that be do not prefomc to deliver the feme to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House: And that the Serjeant at Anns attending this House do take care to clear the Speaker s Chamter every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do preiiune to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Golleiy tlkcrco^ while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That when any Letter, or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do* open the fame, and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees *, and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared tq be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed* being first pc ruled by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing "thereof; and font no other Person, but such os he shall appoint, do presume to print the feme.

Refitted, That this House will reqeive no Petition for Pn^teBilb. private Rills alter the Third Day of March next.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Ordered, That the Reverend DoSor Craw be desired Dr. Crow to Middlesex and // est minster, do take Care, that, from Ten to preach before this House at St. Margaret's, I Westminster, pr^c of the Clock in the Morning to Four in the Afternoon, upon Thursday next, being the Thirtieth Day of this 3 during this Session of Parliament, the Paflagps through the infant January: And that Mr. Hedges and Mr. Thomas Streets, between Temple Bar and JWestvunster~hall, shall do acquaint him therewith, be kept free and open, and that no Obstru£tiui be made

by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to binder the Passage Mr. Speaker reported, That, when the House attended King's of the Members to and from this House; and that the his Majdtv, on Thursday last, in the House of Peers, Speech Serjeant at Anus attending this House do give Notice of his Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech rePorted* this Order to the Officers aforesaid. from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, of which

Ordered That the Constables in Waiting do take Mr. Speaker said, to prevent Mifakes, he had obtained care, that there be no Gaming, or other Ditbiders, in a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth;

Best minster-halt, or the Passages leading to the House, w*

during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no My Lords and Gentlemen,

Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, The present Posture of Affairs in Europe is so well or thereabouts. known to you all, and the good or bad Coufequences

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High that may arise, and affett us, from the War being Bailiff of /Westminster; and that he do fee the feme put extinguished, or being carried on, arc (b obvious, that I in Execution. am persuaded you are met together fully prepared and

determined to discharge the great Trust reposed in you,

Ordered, That no Footmen be permitted to be within at this critical Coqjun&ure, in such a manner as will best the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading contribute to the Honour and Interest of my Crown and thereto. People.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this I opened the last Session of the late Parliament, by House do take care, that there be no Gaming, or oilier acquainting them, That, as I was no-ways engaged, but Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen by my good Offices, in the Transeftions that were de-attending the Members of this House to wait in clared to be the principal Causes and Motives of the pre-

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this sent War in Europe, it was necessary to use more than House do take into his Custody such Footmen, as shall ordinary Prudence and Circumspection, and the utmost presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no Precaution, not to determine too hastily upon (b critical such Footmen be discharged out of Custody, but by the and important a Conjuncture; to examine the Fasts al-special Order of the House. leged on both Sides; to wait the Result of the Councils of

those Powers that are more nearly and immediately iote-Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting, or losing, rested in the Consequences of the War; and particularly to of Letters directed to Members of this House, the concert with the States General of the United Provinces,

Person appointed to bring Letters from the General who are under the feme Engagements with me, such Post-oflice to this House, or feme other Person, to be Measures as should be thought most adviseable for our appointed by the Post-master General, do, for the future, common Safety, and for restoring the Peace of Europe. every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays We have accordingly proceeded, in this great Affair, excepted, constantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the with the mutual Confidence which fubfiits between me Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours and that Ropublick; and having considered together, on at the least immediately after the Riling of the House; one Side, the prefiing Applications made by the Imperial and also on every Friday, Monday, and JWednesday, from Court, both here and in Holland, for obtaining Succour*

Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the against the Powers at War with the Emperor, and the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters, repeated Professions maeje by the Allies, on the other Side, and take care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same of their sincere Disposition to put an End to the present to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, Troubles upon honourable and solid Terms, I concurred or to their known Servant or Servants, or others, bringing in a Resolutiou, taken by the States General, to employ,

Voj.. 22. without

5*8

withdtit Loss of Time, bur joint arid earnest Instances to bring Matters to a, speedy and happy Accommodation, before we should coriie to a Determination upon the Succours demanded by the Emperor: These Instances did not at first produce such explicit Answers, from the contending Parties, as to enable us to put immediately in Execution our impartial and sincere Desires for that Purpose: Resolved, however, to pursue so great and salutary a Work, and to prevent our Subjects from being unne-cefikrily involved in War, we renewed the Offer of our good Offices in so effectual a manner, as to obtain an Acceptation of them.

In consequence of this Acceptation, and of our Declaration made thereupon to the respective Powers engaged in the War, no time has been loft in taking such Measures, as should be most proper, to make the belt use of their good Dispositions for re-establishing the Tranquillity of Europe; and I have the Satisfaction to acquaint you, that Things are now brought to so great a Forwardness, that I hope, in a short time, a Plan will be offered to the Consideration of all the Parties engaged in the present War, as a Basis for a general Negotiation of Peace, in which the Honour and Interest of all Parties have been confuted, as far as the Circumstances of Time, and the present Posture of Affairs, vrould permit

I do not take upon me to answer for the Success of a Negotiation where so many different Interests are to be considered and reconciled; but when a Proceeding is founded upon Reason, and formed from such Lights as can be had, it had been inexcusable not to have attempted a Work which may produce infinite Benefits and Advantages, and can be of no prejudice, if we do not suffer ourselves to be so far amused by Hopes that may possibly be afterwards dilappointed, as to leave ourselves exposed to real Dangers.

I have made use of the Power, which the late Parliament intrusted me with, with great Moderation; and I have concluded a Treaty with the Crown of Denmark, of great Importance in the present Conjuncture: it is impossible, when all the Courts of Europe are busy, and in Motion, to secure to themselves such Supports as Time and Occasion may require, for me to fit (till, and neglect opportunities, which, if once loft, may not only be irretrievable, but turned as greatly to our Prejudice, as they will prove to our Advantage, by being seasonably secured; and which, if neglected, would have been thought a just Cable of Complaint: This necessary Confidence, placed in me, has given great Weight to my Endeavours for the publick Good.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

1 have ordered the Accounts and Estimates to be prepared, and laid before you, of such extraordinary Expences as wefe incurred last Year, and of such Serviced as I think highly necessary to be carried on, and provided for; and whatever additional Charges shall be found necessary, shall be reduced, as soon as it can be done consistently with the common Security.

And, as the Treaty with the Crown of Denmark is attended with an Expence, I have ordered the same to be laid before yon.

I make no Doubt but I shall find, in this House of Commons, the same Zeal, Duty, and Affection, as I have experienced through the whole Course of my Reign; and that you will raise the necessary Supplies with Ciiear-fulness, Unanimity, and Dispatch.

The sense of the Nation is best to be learned by the Choice of their Representatives; and I am persuaded, that the Behaviour and Conduct of my faithful Commons will demonstrate to all the World the unlhaken fidelity and Attachment of my good Subjects to my Person and Government.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is our Happiness to have continued hitherto in a State of Peace; but, whilst many of the principal Powers of Europe are engaged in a War, the Consequences must more or less affect us; and, as the best concerted Mea-lyres are liable to Uncertainty, -we ought to be in a Rea-

A. 1734.

diness, and prepared against all Events; and if our Ex-peuces are, in feme degree, increased, to prevent greater, and such as, if once, entered into, it would be difficult to see the End of, I hope my good Subjects will not repine at the necessary means^of procuring the Blessings of Peace, and of universal Tranquillity, or of putting ourselves in a Condition to act that Part, which it may be necessary and incumbent upon us to take.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-. Addresson posed, That an humble Address be presented to his Ma- king’s jesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House for bPeetll« his most gracious Speech from the Throne; to acknowledge his Majesty s W'ifdom and Goodnels in pursuing such Measures as tended towards procuring Peace and Accommodation, rather than to involve this Nation, and all Europe, too precipitately, in a general and bloody War; to express the just Sense this House hath of his Majesty s tender Regard for the public Repose and Tranquillity, and of his unwearied Endeavours in forming, in concert with the States General, such a Plan of a general Pacification, as his Majesty, in his great W'ifdom, conceives is confident with the Honour arid Interest of all Parlies; as far as the Circumstances of Time, and the present Posture of Affairs, will permit; to assure his Majesty,

That this House w ill chearfully and effectually raise such Supplies as shall be necessary for the Honour and Security of his Majesty, and his Kingdoms; and, whatever shall be the Success of his Majesty s gracious Endeavours to procure the Blessings of Peace and general Tranquillity, will enable his Majesty to act that Part, which Honour and Justice, and the true Interest of his People, shall call upon him to undertake;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words,'

" so soon as the proper Information of the State of the " publick Affairs shall be communicated to this House,

" and in Proportion to such Efforts, as shall be made by u such of the Allies who are under the same Engagements as this Nation, and who are not involved iri " the War."

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out these Words " so soon as " the proper Information of the State of the publick u Affairs shall be communicated to this House, and

And the Question being put, That {hose Words stand Part of the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the Words " in " Proportion to such Efforts as shall be made by such of " the Allies who are under the same Engagements as this " Nation, and who are not involved in the War," be added to the said Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, 0>""',) .*5-

f Sir William Yonge, 1

Tellers for the Noes, < Mr. Bromley of Cam- > 265.

I bridgeshire: J

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House for his most gracious Speech from the Throne; to acknowledge his Majesty’s Wisdom and Goodnels in pursuing such Measures as tended towards procuring Peace and Accommodation, rather than to involve this Nation and all Europe, too precipitately, in a general and bloody War; to express the just Sense this House hath of his Majesty s tender Regard for the public Repose and Tranquillity, and of his unwearied Endeavours, in forming, in concert with the States General, such a Plan of a general Pacification, as his Majesty, in his great Wisdom, conceives is confiltent with the Honour and Interest of all Parties, as far as the Circumstances of Time, and the present Posture of Affairs, will permit; to assure his Majesty, That this House will chearfully and effectually raise such Supplies as shall be necessary for the Honour and

Security

4 70 Januarii.

8 Geo. 1L 27° — a8° Januarii. 329

Security of his Majesty and his Kingdoms; and, what- ever shall be the SucCcfs of his Majesty’s gracious Endeavours to procure the Blessings of Peace, and general Tranquillity, will enable his Majesty to act that Part which Honour and Justice, and the true luterdlot his People, shall call upon him to undertake.

Ordered, That a Committee be apj>ointed to draw up an Address, to be prefelUed to his Majesty, upon the said Resolution.

And it is referred to Mr. Hedges, Mr. Campbell of Panbr. Brigadier Churchill, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Glut-t aback, Mr. Crawle, Mr. Master, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Edgnnnb# Mr. Pelham, Sir Charles Hot ham. Sir Geo. Otvnden, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Doddington, Mr. Lloyd, J.orrl Ye re Btauclcrk; Mr. Tuicer, Mr. Arfcott, Mr. Parsons, Colonel Cholmondeley, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Fox, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Treby, Mr. Long, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Onslow, Sir Robert R/otcne, Mr. Tracey, Sir James Campbell, Mr. butler. Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Arundell, Colonel Bladen, Sir Hen. Lyddall, Colonel Lyddall, Sir Cltarlts Wager, Mr. Wilmer, Mr. Oglethorpe, Sir Adolphus Oughton, Sir I Tin. Wentworth, Mr. Bayly, Mr, Hampden, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Fane, Mr. Whitworth^ Mr. Wilmington, Mr. Thompson, Lord Galway, Mr. Cary, Sir Charles Wills, Mr. Solicitor General, l-ord John Sackville, M r. Ixtwlon, Colonel Onslow, M r. Botcler, Mr. Herl>ert, or any Five of them: And they are to witltdraw immediately into the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty’* most gracious Speech be referred to the said Committee.

And then tire House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 28* d

Anno 8* Georgii II41 Regis, 1734. Prayers.

A PETITION of Stephen Fox Esquire was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, at the lad FJeftiou for Mem!>ers *o serve in Par- ament for the Borough of Shaftejbuni, in the County of Dorset, Jacob Banks Esquire, Philip Rennet Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates: That Mr. Peter Pyke, the Mayor and Returning Officer, was guilty of great Partiality m taking the said Poll, by admitting several Persons to vote for Mr. Rennet who had no Ri^ht, and by relnfing several who had an undoubted Highland ollered to vote for the Petitioner: That divers other unjiift, corrupt, and illegal Practices were made use of in the behali of Mr. Be/met; not with (binding which, there appeared a Majority of Votes, upon the Poll, for Mr. Banks, and the Petitioner; but the said Peter Pyke, under the Pretence of aScrutiny, struck off several of the Petitioner's legal Votes; and thereupon returned Mr. Bennet, in Prejudice to the Petitioner, who had a Majority of b gal Votes, and ought to have been returned with Mr. Banks: And therefore praying the House to take the Premiffs into Consideration j and give the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem 6t,

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the Eighteenth Day of February next.

A Petition of the Lord Viscount Bateman, of the Kingdom of Ireland, was prefrnted to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner flood a Candidate at the lad Election of a Bnrgefs to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Nezv lxudnor, in the County of Radnor: That many unwarrantable, corrupt, and illegal Practices, were made use of by Herbert Ixwis, Brother-in-law to Thomas Lewis Esquire, the Sitting Member, who presided as Bailiff at the said Election; as also by Howell Lewis* Town Clerk of the said Borough, Henry Howarth and John Greenly Esquires, John Harris and Christopher Lewis Gentlemen; in order to procure Vo l. 22.

the said Thomas Lewis Esquire to be elected and returned a Member of Parliament for the said Borough; and who was returned accordingly, although not duly chosen, in Prejudice to the Petitioner, for whom there appeared a great Majority of legal Votes, and who ought to have been returned instead of the said Thomas Lewis Esquire: And therefore praying the House to grant the l^titioner such Relief as they shall think proper.

A Petition of the Burgesses of Radnor, Knightott, Kew Radnor Rayader, Kmtcklas, and Kevenlleece, was presented to £Je^ion-the House, and read; setting forth. That' the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of New Radnor, according to the last Determination of the House, is in the Burgesses of Radnor-,

Knighton, Rayader> Knuckles, and Kevenlleece, only:

That, at the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, ou the 2d Day of May 1734, where Herbert Leivis, Brother-in-law to Thomas Lczcis Esquire, the Sitting Member, presided as Bailiff of the said Borough, the Petitioner^ and several others, having a Right to vote at the said Election, offered to poll for the Lord Viscount Bateman, of the Kingdom of Ireland\ but were refund by the said Herbert Lewis, and his Agents, who refused to poll any more than One Person for the said Lord Bateman; and that the said Herbert Ixivis. after having |x>lied about 70 Persons, closed the Poll Book*, though it was then about Ten o’Clock in the Morning, without catting up the said Books, or declaring any Majority; and departed from the Place of Polling without any just Provocation or Reason whatsoever; and retuled to return to the Place of Polling, though imnu diately after required thereto by the Petitioners, and several others; and that he, and his Agents, made afterwards a private Declaration and Ki t 11, n of the said Thomas Lewis Esquire, for Member of Parliament, in a little A’ehouse, and not at the usual Place of Polling; and that many unwarrantable, corrupt, and illegal Practices were made use of by the said Hr ba t Lewis, the Bailiff, llowell Lewis, Town Clerk of the said Poruiigh, Sir Humphry Howarth Knight,

Henry Howarth and John Greenley Esquires, John Harris and Christojius Ixuis Gentlemen, in favour of Thomas Laris Esquire, in order to procure him to be elected and returned a Member to serve in Parliament* ah hough not duly chosen, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners: Aiid therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and give the Petitioners such Relief therein as shall be just.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: And report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Archer and Henry Archer Warwick Esquires was presented to the House, and read; setting Election, forth. That, at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Warwick, in the County of Warwick, Sir Wm. Keyt Baronet, and.

William Bromley Esquire, and the Petitioners, flood Candidates: That a great Number of Persons were admitted to poll at the said Election, for the said Sir Wm.

Keyt and Wm. Bromley, who had no Right to vote; being entirely Strangers, living at a great Distance from the said Borough, many of them in other Counties, and whose Names were inserted in pretended Rates, merely to serve the present Purpose: That many others, who had a good and legal Right to poll, and offered to give their Votes for the Petitioners, were refnfed; and many other indirect and illegal Practices were made life of by, for, and on the behalf of, the said Sir JEm. Keyt, and Wm. Bromley, in order to procure them to be elected and returned Burgesses to ferye in this present Parliament for the said Borough; and that, by such Practices, the said Sir William Keyt, and Wm. Bromley, have procured themselves to be returned Burgesses for the said Borough, to the manifest Wrong and Injury of the p Petitioners,

Warwick

Election.

New

Romney

Eledioi^i

Wells

Election.

336 28° Januarii. A. 1734 /

Petitioners, who were duly elected by a Majority of good and legal Votes, and ought to have been returned Burgesses for the said Borough, in this present Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give the Petitioners such Relief as shall be just.

A Petition of the several principal Burgesses and Inhabitants of the Borough of Wa notch, in the County of Wanvick, was presented to the House, and read; setling forth,. That unjust, partial, and illegal Poor’s Rates were made for the respective Parishes of St. Mary and St. Nicholas, in the said Borough, with an Intent to procure Sir Win. Keyte Baronet, and William Bromley Esquire, to be elected and returned for the said Borough; and that, at the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, on the 27th Day of April 1734, W?n. Newsham Gentleman, then Mayor of the said Borough, acted arbitrarily, partially, and illegally, in the Execution of his Office; and admitted divers Persons to poll for the said Sir Win. Keytc, and Win. Bromley, who had no Right to vote; and refused to take the Poll of several of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, who had a Right to poll, and offered to give their Votes for Thomas Archer and Henry Archer Esquires, the other Candidates; and hath returned the said Sir Wm. Keytc, and Wm. Bromley, though the said Thomas Archer and Henry Archer had a Majority of legal Votes; and that many other corrupt, unjust, and illegal Practices, were made use of by, and on the behalf of, the said Sir Wm. Keytc, and Wm. Bromley: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give the Petitioners such Relief therein as shall be just.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the Twenty-fifth Day of February next.

A Petition of Sir Robert Aafien Baronet, and George Furneffc Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, as also David Papillon and Stephen Bffe Esquires, stood Candidates at the late Election of Barons to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of New Romney, in the County of Kent; That the Petitioners were duly elected Barons, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town and Port, by a Majority of legal Votes, notwithstanding the many illegal and unwarrantable Practices which were made use of to prevent the same; and that Humphry Wightwick, who took upon himself to act as Mayor of the said Town and Port, and who presided, and took the Poll, at the said Election, acted in a very partial and arbitrary manner in favour of the said David Papillon and Stephen Bffc, by admitting Persons to poll for them who had no Right to vote, and rejecting others who had a Right, and tendered their Votes for the Petitioners; and hath returned the said David Papillon and Stephen Biffe, although they were not duly elected, to the Injury and Prejudice of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the PJoufe to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of William Piers Esquire, and George Speke Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, together with George Hamilton and Thomas Edwards Esquires, stood Candidates at the Inst Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the City and Borough of Wells, in the County of Somerset: That the Petitioners were, at the said Election, duly chosen Members to serve in this present Parliament for the said City, or Borough, by a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned as such: That John Paine Esquire, Mayor of the said City, or Borough, who presided at the Poll of the said Election, was guilty bf several partial and illegal Practices; and did impose an Oath on the Electors who offered themselves for the Petitioners, requiring them thereby to set forth their Right of voting, and to answerall such Questions as should be demanded of them concerning the same; and did refuse to poll such as would not fub-mit to take the said Oath; and that the said John Paine did refuse to poll several Persons legally qualified to vote; who tendered their Votes for the Petitioners; and did admit several Persons to vote and poll for the said George Hamilton and Thomas Edzvards, who were not qualified to vote, in direct Opposition to the express Words of the last Resolution of the House of Commons; and thereby, and by other indirect and illegal Practices, the said George Hamilton and Thomas Edzvards have procured themselves to be returned as Members elected to serve in this present Parliament for the said City or Borough, in manifest Injury and Prejudice to the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant the Petition* ers such Relief therein as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the Eleventh Day of March nexU

A Petition of Richard Jackfoh and Peter Ducanc Sudburr Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; setting Election, forth, That Richard Price and Edward Stevcnfon Esquires; and the Petitioners, stood Candidates at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament fot the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk:

That the Votes of many Persons were procured, for the said Mr. Price and Mr. Stevcnfon, by Bribery, and other corrupt Practices; and John Gent, who acted as Mayor of the said Borough, behaved himself before* and at, the said Election, with great Partiality, and in an arbitrary manner, in favour of the said Mr. Price and Mr. Stevenson and admitted several Persons to poll for them, who had no Right to vote at the said Election; and at the same time refused the Votes of many Persons who had a Right to vote, and offered to poll for the Petitioners; by which means, and by the undue and illegal Practices made use of by the said Mr. Price and Mr. Stevenson, their Friends and Agents, they the said Mr. Price and Mr. Stevenson are returned Burgesses, though unduly, for the said Borough; to the manifest Prejudice of the Petitioners, who were duly elected to represent the fame, in this present Parliament, by a Majority of good Votes; and therefore ought to have been returned accordingly, instead of the said Mr. Price and Mr. Stevenson: And therefore praying the House to take the Petitioners same into Consideration; and to give them such Redrefsas to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Buffy Manfel Esquire was presented to Glamor^ the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the last Mum Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Glamorgan, the honourable Wm. Talbot Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates: That during the time of the said Election, and in making a Return to the Writ that had issued for the said Election, William Buffet Esquire, High Sheriff of the said County, and Thomas Leyfon, his Deputy Sheriff, behaved themselves with very great Partiality, and in an arbitrary and insolent manner, in favour of the said Mr. Talbot; and took upon themselves to direct the Taking of the Poll in a manner entirely new, and unheard of in County Elections and, as the Petitioner conceives, contrary to Law; by which means the Poll was continued Ten Days, although the Number of Voters who appeared at the said Election, did not exceed Fifteen hundred and One; which was highly Injurious to the Petitioner, and very expensive and detrimental to the Freeholders; notwithstanding which, at the Ciofing of the Poll, the

Petitioner

86eo. II.

28a Jamarii.

33i

Petitioner had a Majority of One hundred Forty-and-five, as appeared by the Books; when the said High Sheriff took upon him to direct a Scrutiny, which he carried on in a most illegal and partial manner; and rejected such a Number of good and legal Voters, who had voted for the Petitioner, as left a Majority for Mr. Talbot; and has actually, though unduly, returned Mr. 7albot, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioner, who had a clear Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned to represent the said County in this present Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Merits of the said tied ion and Return into Confi-demtion; and to give the Petitioner such Redress as to the House shall seem meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House

The Iloufe divided.

The Yeas w'enl forth.

Tellers for the Yens. { }

Tellers for IbeXees, { } e35.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the C01.federation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Maiter thereof; and report tl»e fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

M The House being informed, that some of the Com-ha mitlioners of t!ie (’iistoms attended at the Door;

'I hey were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in the Warehouses at Sr. Helen's at Michaelmas 1733; with what has been brought in ftnee that time, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1734: And also,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in the Warehouses at Leaden-hall at Michaelmas 1733; with what has been brought in since that time, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1734: And also,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in his Majesty’s Warehouse in the Port of London at Michaelmas 1733; with what has l een brought in since that time, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1734: And also.

An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in the respective Warehouses in the Out-ports at Michaelmas 1733; with what has been brought in since that time, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1734: And also.

An Account of Naval Stores imported from Raffia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1733 to Michaelmas 1734: And also.

An Account of Naval Stores imported from Raffia into the Ports commonly called the Out-ports, from Michaelmas 1733 to Michaelmas 1734.

And then they withdrew.

Ami the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

on Mr. Hedges reported from the Committee, appointed 8 Yesterday to draw up an Address, to be presented to his Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Uie same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament aliem-bied, beg Leave to return our hurablelt Thauks for Vox.. 22.

3.

your Majesty’s most gracious Speech from the Throne; and to acknowledge, in the most grateful manner, your Majesty’s tender and affectionate Concern for the Welfare of your People, in steadily pursuing such Measures as have teuded towards Peace and Accommodation, rattier than to involve too precipitately this Kingdom, and all Europe, iu a general and bloody War.

Among so many differing Interests, and contending Powers engaged in the present War, it is your Majesty’s :.

Wisdom and Goodness alone which could have secured to us our present happy Situation; and the Crown of Great Britain could never appear with greater Honour and Lustre, than by your Majesty’s interposing your good Offices between the contending Parties; and, as they have received them with due Respect, we cannot: but hope their own Prudence will help to complete so desirable a Work.

It is our Duty, and we beg Leave, to express the greatest Gratitude to your Majesty for the Care and Concern which must have attended your unwearied Endeavours both in beginning and carrying on those good Offices, which, being accepted, have broughtThings to so great a Forwanlncfs, that n Plan, in Concert with the Slates General, may, in a lliort time, be offered to the Consideration of all the Powers engaged in the War; which, notwithstatidi/ig the great Difficulties that must attend so great a Work, may serve for the Basis of a general Negotiation of Peace, consistent with the Honour and Interest of all Parties, as far as the Circumstances of Time, and the present Situation of Affairs, will permit.

If these Measures, concerted for the common Repose and Tranquillity of all Europe, should unhappily meet with any Difuppointment, your Majesty’s Wisdom and Care must be acknowledged to have deserved that Suc-eels which the wisest Counlels cannot always command; but, whatever the Event may be, we beg Leave to af-sure your Majesty, That this House will chearfully and effectually raii'e such Supplies as shall be necessary for the Honour and Security of your Majesty, and these kingdoms; and enable your Majesty to act that Part which Honour and Justice, and the true Interest of your People, ilia.ll call upon your Majesty to undertake.

The said Address. being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ur/ died. That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know his Majesty’s Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do Southampto* attend this House Tomorrow Morning with the Return .£,e^10a-for the Town and County of the Town of Southampton.

A Petition of Thomas Parker Esquire was presented Stafford to the House, and read; setting forth, That Thomas Election. Foley, William Chetxcynd, John Dolphin Esquires, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Stafford, in the County of Stafford: That several Persons, who had a good Right, and were entitled to be sworn Burgesses of the said Borough, were arbitrarily refused to be so sworn, though they duly demanded it:

That Christopher Ward Esquire, the then Mayor of the said Borough, both before, and at the time of, the said Election, acted arbitrarily, partially, and illegally, in the execution of his said Office; and admitted a great Number of Persons to poll, at the said Election, for the said William Chetwynd, who had no Right to vote; and refused the Voles of many others, w ho had a good and legal Right to poll, and offered to give their Votes for the Petitioner; and that many other corrupt, indirect, and illegal Practices, were made life of by, for, and on the behalf of, the said William Chetwynd, in order to procure him to be elected and returned a Burgess to

serve

33 % 28° Januarii. A. 1734*

serve in this prefertt Parliament for the said Borough; and that, by such Practices, the said William Chclwynd procured himself to be returned a Burgess for the said Borough, to the, manifest Wrong and Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected by a Majority of good and legal Votes, and ought to have been returned a Burgess for the said Borough, in this present Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give the Petitioner such Relief there in as shall be thought proper*

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof $ and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

St. Alban’s A Petition of the Right honourable Wm. Lord Vif-

Elrdion. count (Jrimfion, of the Kingdom of Ireland, was presented to the House, and read; felting forth, That, at the last Ele&iorr of Two Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Alban's, in the County of Hertford, Sir Thomas Afion Baronet, Thomas Ashby Esquire, and the Petitioner, ilood Candidates; when the Petitioner was duly elected one of the Burgesses to represent the said Borough by a Majority of Votes duly qualified to vote at the said Election; but, by the arbitrary Proceedings of Thomas Beech, Mayor, the Returning Officer of the said Borough, and by corrupt and illegal Practices of the said Thomas Ashby, and his Agents, he the said Thomas Ashby hath procured himself to be returned one of the Burgesses for the said Borough, in manifest Wrong to the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give the Petitioner such Relief therein as shall be just.

Ditto, A Pet itiot) of several of the Inhabitants of the Borough of St. Albans, in the County of Hertford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, paying Scotland Lot within the said Borough, on behalf of themselves, and the other Inhabitants of the said Borough, paying Scotland Lot, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Borough is an ancient Borough by Prescription, and, time out of mind, hath sent Two Burgesses to Parliament, which Privilege hath been confirmed to the Petitioners, and the other Inhabitants within the said Borough, paying Scotland Lot, by several Charters granted for that Purpose 5 notwithstafiding which, at the late Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough (at which Election the Right honourable Wm.’Lord Viscount Grimfion, of the Kingdom of Ireland, Sir Thomas Aston Baronet, and Thomas Ashby Esquire, were Candidates), Thomas Beech, the present Mayor of the said Borough, admitted several Persons to vote at the said Election, for the said Mr. Ashby, although they were not Inhabitants within the said Borough, or paid Scotland Lot, or had any Right to vote for Members to represent the said Borough in Parliament; and that, although there was a Majority of Persons who had a Right to vote at the said Election, voted for the said Lord Viscount Grimfion and Sir Thomas Afion\ yet the Paid Mr. Ashby hath, by the said Mayor’s admitting several Persons to vote for him who had no Right to vole, and by corrupt and other indirect Practices, procured himself to be unduly returned a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Petitioners same into Coniidecation; and to grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Brun'iOand. A Petition of James St. Clair Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the honour-

Jilv&ion. 'Tilom(ls Isjlie Esquire, and the Petitioner, flood

Candidates at the last Election of a Burgess, to serve if* 22

this present Parliament for the DiArift of Burghs of Bruntisland, King horn, Kirkaldie, and Dyfart: That the Delegates for the Burghs of Dyfart, Kirkaldie, and Kinghorn, voted for the Petitioner; and the Delegate for the Burgh of Bruntisland voted for the said Mr.

Lejlie: That, before and at the said Election, many undue, corrupt, and illegal Practices, were made use of by, for, and in favour of, the said Mr. Lejlie, in order to procure him to be elected; and, when all these unjust Practices had proved unsuccessful, Commissioners were, by certain of the Counsellors of the Burghs of Kirkaldy and Kinghorn (who upon very frivolous and groundless Pretexts, Separated them Selves from the Majority of their respective Town Councils), given to Two of Mr.

Lejlie's Friends, to act as Delegates in the said Election; and the Returning Officer most arbitrarily and unjustly took upon him to receive the Delegates acting under such false Commissions, and to reject those that were commissioned by the Majority of the legal Magistrates, and Town Counsellors, of the said Two Burghs as aforesaid; and to make his Return accordingly in favour of the said Mr Lejlie, for whom the said pretended Delegates took upon them to vote; in manifest Prejudice to the Petitioner, who Was duly elected to represent the said Burghs in this present Parliament by a Majority of legal Votes, having Three Delegates against One; and therefore ought to have been returned accordingly, i»-field of the said Mr. Lejlie: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give I lie Petitioner such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Provost, Baillies, and Town Council, Brurt'stand, of Kirkaldie; and also a Petition of the Provost, Baiiiies, and Town Council of Kinghorn; were Severally presented "eC ,ou* to the House, and read; setting forth, That William Wardlatv, of Abden, Esquire, and the honourable James St. Clair Esquire, were duly chose by the Majority of legal Votes the Delegates for the said Burghs of Kir-kaldie and Kinghorn, and their Commissions were ligned by their proper Officers, and the Common Seals of the said Burghs appended thereto: That, before, and at, the said Election of Delegates, many undue and illegal Practices were made use of by, for, and in favour of, the honourable Thomas lejlie Esquire, to have other Delegates chosen for the said Burghs of Kirkaldie and Kinghorn, in manifest Prejudice of the Right of Election:

That the said James St. Clair was duly elected by the Delegates for the Burghs of Kirkaldie, Kinghorn, and Dyfart, to represent the said District of Burghs in this present Parliament, and ought to have been returned accordingly; and yet the said Thomas Lejlie has been returned for the said District of Burghs, in manifest Violation of the Right of Election: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem jvift.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Wyrriott Given Esquire was presented jjamfw( to the House, and read; setting forth. That, upon the West Sixth Day of May last pad, at the Election of a Mem- Ekflkm ber to serve in Parliament for the Town and County of Ilaxterford West, the Petitioner, and Erasmus Phillips Esquire, flood Candidates; and, notwithstanding the Petitioner had a great Majority of legal Votes, yet the Sheriff, being a Servant of the said Erasmus Phillips, or his Father, declared him duly elected; but, a Poll being demaivded in favour of the Petitioner, and proceeded in, the Sheriff, in taking the fame, admitted of great Numbers, not qualified, to vote therein for the said Erasmus PhiUips, contrary to the just Rights of the said Town, and to the last Resolution of the House of Commons; by which means, and diverse other undue, corrupt, and illegal Practice?,. and refusing to admit Persons to vote for the Petitioner, who had very good and undoubted Titles to

their

8 Geo. II. 18* Januarii. 333

thei* Pol!, the Sheriff pretended, that there was a Majority in favour of the said Erasmus Phillips; and accordingly returned the said Erasmus Phillips, to the great Injury of the Petitioner: And praying such Relief as to the House shall appear just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House,

A Petition of James Carnegie Esquire was presented

m* to the House, and read; setting forth. That, upon the 28th Day of May last, the Freeholders of the County of Forfar, being convened at Forfar, in order to eleCi a Knight to represent them in this present Parliament, the Petitioner, by a Majority of legal Votes, was duly elected: That, in pursuance of the Laws now in force, the last Member for the said County called the Rolls, in order to the Choice of a PraJ'cs, and Clerk; and Robert Renny, of Ulysses-haven, Esquire, was chosen Prafes of the Meeting, and James Lindsay Clerk: That the honourable Thomas Lyon Esquire, appearing as a Candidate, prevailed, nevertheless, upon certain of the Freeholders, in an irregular and illegal manner, to assume to themselves a Power of making up a Roll; admitting i unqualified Persons, and pretending to choose a separate

Prafes, and Clerk, and making a pretended Election of the said Thomas Lyon Esquire: That the said James Lindsay, who was the Clerk of the Meeting, duly eleCled, tendered an Indenture to the Sheriff, for making 1 a Return of the Petitioner, and annexing the same to

the Writ; and, nevertheless, the Sheriff was pleased to accept of an Indenture from Robert Wedderburn, who assumed to himself the Name of Clerk of the Meeting of the Freeholders for the County; and to return the said honourable Thomas Lyon Esquire, as the Person duly elected: That the Petitioner apprehends the Return was undue; and is able to make appear, that many illegal, irregular, and undue Practices, were carried on, in order to bring about an Election in favour of the Sitting Member, destructive of the Rights and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain: And praying the House to take the Premises into their immediate Consideration , and to give such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon,

I to the House.

Cttteibury APetit$n of Sir Thomas Hales Baronet, was presented

Mion. the Hoofe, and read; setting forth, That, at the last Election of Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for the Cityand County of Canterbury, Sir Wm.Hardress Baronet, Thomas May Esquire, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates: That several Persons were admitted to poll, at the said Election, for the said Sir Win. Hardress, and Mr. May.,although they had no Right to vote; and the Votes of many Persons, who had a Right to poll, and offered or would have voted for the Petitioner, were kept back, or refused; by which undue Means, and by the > Partiality of Richard Jenkins Esquire, the Sheriff of the said City, and fVm. Browning Esquire, the Mayor thereof, and by Bribery, and other unwarrantable and illegal Practices made use of by, and in favour of, the said Sir Wm, Hardress, and Mr. May, they are returned Citizens for the said City; to the Prejudice of the Petitioner, who was duly eleCled to represent the said City by a Majority of legal Votes, and therefore ought to have been returned accordingly: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give the Petitioner such Relief as shall be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Voj,. 22.

A Petition of Herbert Westphaling Esquire, was pre^ Hereford fented to the House, and read; setting forth* That* at Election. the last Election of Members to serve in this Parliament for the City of Hereford, in the County of Hereford* the Petitioner, together with Sir John Morgan Baronet, and Thomas Foley the younger, Esquire, stood Candid dates: That Bribery and Corruption, arbitrary and illegal Proceedings, undue and indirect Practices, were made use of, in order to procure the said Sir John Morgan to be returned for the said City; and he is returned accordingly, in Prejudice to the Petitioner* who had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought tq have been returned, instead of the said Sir John Morgan:

That the Petitioner apprehends the said Sir John Morgan is not duly qualified to fit in Parliament: And therefore praying, That the said Sir John Morgan may produce his Qualification, according to Law; and that the House would take the Premises into Consideration; and grant the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of several of the Voters for Members to Cricklacte serve in Parliament for the Borough of Crick lade, in the Ekftioa. County of Wilts, in behalf of themselves, and several other legal Voters for the said Borough, was presente d to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the last Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, the Candidates were Sir Thomas Read Baronet,

Lord Tullamoore, and William Gore Esquire: That Mr. John Williams, the Bailiff of the said Borough, being appointed by Mr. Gore, and under his Influence and Direction, and for whom he also acted as an Agent, w as very partial in taking the said Poll, by admitting several Persons to poll for the said Mr. Gore, who had no Right; and by rejecting others, who had an undoubted Right, and offered to poll for Lord Tullamoore; by w'hich means, and by several other unfair and illegal Practices and Proceedings, the said Mr. Gore pretended to have a Majority, and procured himself to be returned, notwithstanding the said Lord Tullamoore had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned with Sir Thomas Read; to the great Injury of the Petitioners, and the other legal Voters for the said Borough, and in Violation of the ancient Rights and Liberties of the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, Bristol of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was Election, presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the City, and County of the City, of Bristol, the Candidates were the honourable John Scrope Esquire,

Sir Abraham Elton Baronet, and Thomas Coster Esquiret That, by polling great Numbers of Persons who received Alms and Charities, and others, who had no Right to vote at the said Election, and by many other undue Practices and Proceedings, the said Thomas Coster was returned a Representative, with the said Sir Abraham Elton, for the said City and County, although the said John Scrope had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned a Represen tative for the fame, with the said Sir Abraham Ellon: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

4 Q A Petition

Bnfiol

Eie&ion.

Northampton

lile&ioo.

York

'Election.

334

A Petition of a great Number of the Freeholders and Burgesses, Inhabitants of the City, and County of the City, of BriJtoL, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by perfouating Persons who were dead, absent beyond the Seas, and in other Places; and by Persons being insulted, who did actually vote, and by others being intimidated, who would have given their Votes for the honourable John Scrape Esquire, Recorder of the said City, and by polling many other Persons who had no Right to vote, and by divers other undue, corrupt, and illegal Practices and Proceedings, Thomqs Cojler Esquire procured himself to be returned a Represenfative for the said City and County; to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and the other legal Electors of the said City, although the said John Scrope had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned a Member for the said City and County, with Sir Abraham Elton Baronet, the other Candidate: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and grant such Relief and Redress to the Petitioners, and the other injured Electors, as to the House shall feeai meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 25th Day of March next.

A Petition of Edward Montague Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, together with the honourable George Compton and William Wilmcr Esquires, offered themselves Candidates at the lad Election, which was upon the 124th Day of April 1734, for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Town and Borough of Northampton: That the Petitioner, and the said Mr. Wilmcr, were then duly eleCied Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town and Borough by a great Majority of legal Votes; and the Petitioner ought to have been returned a Burgess* to have served in this present Parliament for the said Town and Borough, with the said Mr. Wilmer: That the said Mr. Compton, or his Agents, were guilty of illegal and unwarrantable Practices, in order to procure Votes for him at the said Election: That John Woolfton, the Mayor, Samuel Brown and Stephen Woolfton, the Bailiffs of the said Town and Borough, who were the Returning Officers thereof, and presided, and took the Poll, at the said Election, and whose Duty it was to have aCled impartially, and to have made a Return according to the Majority of legal Votes, acted in a very illegal, partial, and unprecedented manner, in favour of the said Mr. Compton, by making, or pretending to make, a great Number of new Freemen, some a very short time before the Election, many others after the Tejle of the Writ, and others even during the time of taking the Poll, and who were in no respect whatsoever entitled to their Freedom; and by permitting them, and great Numbers of other Persons, to poll, as Freemen of the said Town and Borough, for the said Mr. Compton, who were not, according to the Constitution or Usage of the said Town and Borough, in any respect whatsoever, entitled thereunto; and admitted the said Persons, and great Numbers of others, who had no Right to vote at the said Election, to vote for the said Mr. Compton; and rejected others, who had a Right to vote, and who offered to vote for the Petitioner; and that the said John Woolfton, Samuel Brown, and Stephen Woolfton, instead of returning the Petitioner, have returned the said Mr. Compton, although he had not a Majority of legal Votes, nor was duly elected; to the Injury and Prejudice of the Petitioner; And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give the Petitioner such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the Eighteenth Day of March next.

A Petition of Sir Rowland Winn Baronet 5 and also,

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freeholders of the County of York,

*734-

in behalf of ihemfrlves, and several Thousands more, Freeholders of the same County;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; setting fbrth, That, at the lait Election of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County, Sir Miles Stapylton, the honourable Edward Wort ley, Cholmley Turner Esquire, and the Petitioner Sir Rowland Winn, flood Candidates; at which Election many Thousand Freeholders of the same County did appear; and give their Votes in favour of the Petitioner Sir Rotvland Wiyn:

That, at the said Election, several Hundreds of Persons did poll for Sir Miles Stapylton, who had only long Leases of Years, or Copyhold Estates, and had no Freehold Estates; several others polled for Freeholds which they never were in Possession of, or which lay in a different County; and others polled for Lands which had never been assessed at all, or in such manner as by Law is required to entitle them to vote; several others for Cottages built upon the LordVWafte, who had no Freehold Estates; and several others polled at the said Election, which were only Hospital-men, and received Aims; others who were under Age, or had purchased their Freeholds within a\ear; and several other Persons did likewise vote twice at the said Election; and others under fictitious Names, and for fictitious Freeholds: That several Persons, who had no legal Right to vote, were aiU mitted for Sir Miles Stapylton; and many other indirect and base Artifices were used, in open Defiance of the Laws of the Land, and in Violation of the Petitioners Rights, in order to procure Sir Miles Stapylton to be declared, by the High Sheriff, to be elected Knight of the Shire for the said County; That the Petitioner Sir Rozvland Winn, and the Petitioners, being fully convinced of the several notorious Abuses above mentioned, did, in open Court, demand a Scrutiny of the said Sheriff, in order to make such base Practices appear; who did accordingly appoint a Day, and did hdjourn the Court, for that Purpose; At which Day the Petitioner Sir Rowland Winn, and several of the Petitioners did attend, having at very great Expence, and with a great deal of Trouble, collected, and then had ready. Evidence sufficient to prove the Premises: But the said Sheriff, notwithstanding his Appointment of the Scrutiny, as aforesaid; and notwithstanding many of the Petitioners were ready, in open Court, to have proved the several Matters aforesaid; did refuse to enter into the Scrutiny, or to admit any Evidence t<$prove the several Matters aforesaid; whereby it would have appeared, that the Petitioner Sir Rowland Winn had a greater Number of legal Votes than the said Sir Miles Stapylton; and did instantly declare Sir Miles Stapyltony and Cholmley Turner Esquire, duly elected, and hath returned them accordingly; to the Prejudice of the Majority of the Freehold-, ers of the County of York, and of the Petitioner Sir Rowland Winn: And praying such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the Fifteenth Day of April next.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, King take into Consideration his Majesty’s most gracious Speech t Speech to both Houses of Parliament. conli el

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

28° Jami aril.

8 Gho. II.

2 90 Janu.

335

Mercuri:, 29® *Januarii;

Anno S* Georgii II'1 Regis, 1734. Pbavers.

A PETITION of John Scoff, of Wardropejloun, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, upon the 28th of May 1734, being the Day appointed for the Elefiion of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Kin* cardine, William Burnet, of Crigie, Esquire, was duly defied Prsjes, and Mr. John Maule was duly elected Clerk, by the Majority of Freeholders who had a Right to vote in such Election: That the Minority of the Freeholders thereupon separated themselves from the Majority: That the Freeholders, who continued together. after having adjusted the Roll, unanimously, to the Number of 13. voted for the Petitioner to be Commissioner for the said Shire; and the said Mr. Manic, who was Clerk, and the pr-per returning Officer, did, agreeable to Laws, tender a Return of the Petitioner’s Name to Arthur Shepherd, Deputy Sheriff of the said Shire, there being no Principal Sheriff, and required him to receive such Return, and annex it to the Writ; but that the said Arthur Shepherd, in manifcll Violation of the Right of Elections, hath taken upon himself, by Indenture between him and one John young, who had no Colour of Right to join in such Indenture, to return John Falconer, of Phejilo, Esquire, to be Commissioner lor the said Shi it: That the said John Falconer was not capable of being lo defied, not beinj^feiled or posses-fed of such an Estate a> entitled him either to elect, or be elefied: That foveral Persons, who pretended to vote for the said John Falconer had no Right or Title to vote, and they refilled to take the Oaths appointed, by Law, to be taken by the FJeftors of Members to serve in Parliament: Tint the Persons, who pretended to vote for the said John Falconer, having withdrawn and separated from the duly defied Prajes and Clerk, could not regularly choose any Commissioner for the said Shire: That, as well before as at the Elefiion, many undue and illegal Practices were made life of by, for, and in Favour of, the faiil John Falconer, in order to procure him to he defied and returned to serve in Parliament for the said Shire; and, though he was not duly chose, yet he hath been returned by a Person who had no Right to make such Return, though the Petitioner was duly defied; and who, as the proper Officer tendered a Re-tuiii of him to the Sheriff, ought to have been returned accordingly: Anti praying the House to take the Pre-inifes into Consideration, and to givo the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall feern meet.

A Petition of John Maul\ Clerk to the Freeholders of the Shire of Kincardine, in Scotland, at the kill Elefiion of a Commissioner to serve in Parliament for the said Shire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner was duly defied Clerk to the Meeting by the Majority of the Freeholders of the said Shire, and acted and officiated as Clerk: That John Scott, of WardropeJloun, Esquire, was duly elefied Commissioner to serve in Parliament for the said Shire; and the Petitioner did, agreeable to Law', after the said Election was over, certify to Arthur Shepherd Esquire, Deputy Sheriff of the said Shire, that the said John Scott was the Person duly elected a Commissioner to serve in Parliament for the said Shire; and then tendered a Return of the said John Scott to the said Deputy Sheriff, and desired him to annex the same to the Writ;, but that the said Arthur Shepherd refused to return the said John Scott, though certified by the Petitioner to have been duly elefied; and, in Place thereof, has returned John Falconer Esquire, who was certified to have been elefied by one John Young, who was not Clerk to the said Meeting of the Freeholders, nor had any Right to join in an Indenture for returning the said John Falconer. And praying such Relief in the Premises as to the House flwill teem meet.

Vol. 22.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matters of the said Petitions upon Wednesday the Nineteenth Day of March next.

A Petition of Richard Maidey and Hugh Williams, Chester

Esquires, was presented to the House, and read, setting Election. forth, That, at the lad Elefiion of Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Chester, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Sir Charles Bunbury, Baronets, and the Petitioners, flood Candidates: That the Petitioners had an undoubted Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned accordingly; but by the indirect and illegal Prafiices of the said Sir Robert Grosvenor,

Sir Charles Bunbury, their Friends and Agents, and by the partial and unjust Proceedings of the Returning Officers, the said Sir Robert Grofeenor and Sir Charles Bunbury were returned, in Prejudice to the Petitioners:

And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of James Lord Viscount Limerick, in the Wendover Kingdom of Ireland, was presented to the House, and EledioD. read; setting forth, That, at the late Elefiion of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wendover, in the County of Bucks, the Petitioner,

John llampden Esquire, and John Boteler Esquire, flood Candidates: That the said Mr. Boteler, at the time of such Election and Return, was not qualified to fit and vote, as a Burgess for the said Borough, according to the Intent and Meaning of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the farther qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons; and that therefore the Election and Return of the said Mr. Boteler is void: That many corrupt, unwarrantable, and illegal Prafiices were made use of by, for, and on behalf of, the said Mr. Bo-teler, in order to procure him to be elected and returned a Burgess for the said Borough: That, notwithstanding the Premises aforesaid, the said Mr. Boteler is returned, in Prejudice to the Petitioner, who was duly elefied a Representative for the said Borough, and therefore ought to have been returned accordingly, instead of the said Mr. Boteler: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give the Petitioner such Relief therein as shall be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of James Erejkine, of Grange, Esquire, was Inrerkeith-presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, &c* at the last Elefiion of a Member to serve in this present Eh^1011* Parliament for the District of Burghs of Inverkeithing,

Stirling, Dumfermling, Cullrofs, and Queensferry, Captain Peter Halket, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates:

That the 18th Day of May 1734, being appointed for the said Elefiion, thefeveral Commissioners, from the said Five Burghs, met at the Burgh of Inverkeithing, in the usual Place of Elefiion, produced their several Commissions, and claimed their respective Votes, in the said Elefiion, according to Law: That Robert Wingate, this Commissioner, chose for the Burgh of Stirling the Petitioner, who

was

536 29 0 JanuariL ^.1734.

was chose Commissioner for the Burgh of Dumfermling, good Votes, and therefore ought to have been returned, and Archibald Stewart, the Commissioner, chose for the with the said Sir William Jolliffe, to represent the said Burgh of Queensferry, voted, in the said Meeting, for the Borough: That the said Mr. Gibbon is not qualified to Petitioner to be Member to represent the said District; fit and vote in the House of Commons as the Law of Burghs in this present Parliament: That Henry directs, he refusing to take the Oath of Qualification, i

Cunynghame Esquire, the Commissioner from the Burgh when required: And praying the House to take the of Inver keithing, in Combination with John Folly and Premises into Consideration, and give such Relief the Commissioner from the Burgh of Culrofsy did, in a therein as shall seem meet.

mod arbitrary and illegal manner, take upon themselves '

to judge and determine upon the Validity of the Com- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are peter»8eld millions of the other Three Commissioners, and to reject thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, Election, and admit such of them as they thought fit; and par- the Owuers ofancient Houses and Shambles, and Free- I

ticularly to reject the Commission of the Petitioner, as holders, within the Borough of Petersfield, in the County Commissioner from the Burgh of Dumfermlingy upon of Southampton, having Right to vote for Members to several frivolous and groundless Pretences: That the serve in Parliament for the said Borough, was presented said Two Commissioners, having also voted for the said to the House, and read; alleging, That the Right of Captain Peter Halket to be Member to represent the Eie&ion for Members to serve in Parliament, for the said Distria of Burghs, and pretending thereby to have said Borough, is, and timeout of Mind hath been, in created an Equality of Votes in favour of the said the Owners of ancient Dwelling-houses, or Shambles,

Captain Peter Halket, the said Henry Cunynghame, as and the Freeholders of Lands within the said Borough; Commissioner for the then presiding Burgh, did, in a which Right hath been confirmed by the lad Resolution most illegal and arbitrary manner, usurp, and take to of the House of Commons, with the Addition, and of himself, a carting Vote in Favour of the said Captain Rich Dwelling-houses, or Shambles, as were really built Peter Halket; and, in consequence of such illegal and upon ancient Foundatiorts; and complaining of the unwarrantable Proceedings, John Cant, Common Clerk multiplying, splitting, and dividing, Votes by the Lord of the said Burgh of Inverkeithing, hath, in the most of the Manor of Petersfield, and others, since the Act, arbitrary manner, took upon himself to return the said made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of Captain Peter Halket as duly elected: in manifest Kin % William the Third; by which Practices Edward Breach of the Laws, in Violation of the Freedom of Gibbon the younger, Esquire, hath procured himself to . Elections, and Constitution of Parliaments, and in Pre- he returned a Member for the said Borough, together judiceof the Petitioner, who ought to have been re- with Sir Wm. Jolliffe Knight, though Norton Poidett turned, having a Majority of Votes as aforesaid; and Esquire had a great Majority of true and legal Votes, that several other undue, unwarrantable, and corrupt and ought to have been returned instead of the said Practices, have heen used by, for, and in Favour of, the Edward Gibbon: And praying such Relief as to the said Captain Peter Halket, to cany on his said pre- House shall seem meet:.

tended Election, and illegal Return, in manifest Contempt Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the $f the many Laws made for preventing such Abuses: Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises Elections: And that they do examine the Matters into their Consideration; and give the Petitioner thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion such speedy and effectual Relief as to the House shall thereupon, to the House, seem meet.

A Petition of Sir John Schaw, of Greenock, Baronet, CUckmtooai Stirling A Petition of the Magistrates, Town Council, and was presented to the House, and read: setting forth, £,dicfl* lu*Election. Burgh, of Stirling; and also a Petition of the Magis- That, the Thirtieth Day of May 1734 being appointed trates, Town Council, and Burgh, of Dumfermling; and for the Eie&ion of a Commissioner to serve in this present also a Petition of the Magistrates, Town Council, and Parliament for the Shire of Clackmannan, Alexander Burgh of Queensferry; severally complaining of the Abercrombie, of Tullybody, Esquire, was duly elected Return of the said Captain Peter Halket; and alleg- Prafes, and Mr. Neil McViccar was, in like manner, ing, That James Erejkin, of Grange, Esquire, was duly duly chosen Clerk to the said Meeting: That the Peti-elected by the Delegates of the Burghs of Stirling, tjoner was then duly elected, by the Majority of the Dumfermling, and Queensferry, being the Majority of Freeholders present, to be Commissioner for "the said the said District of Burghs; were severally prefeuted Shire; and the said Mr. APViccar, the Clerk, who is to the House, and read. the proper Return ing Officer, did immediately, agreeable

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the to Law, after the said Eie&ion, tender a Return of the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Petitioner’s Name to the honourable Colonel William Elections: And that they do examine the Matters Dalrymple, hereditary Sheriff of the said Shire, and thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion required him to receive such Return, and annex it to thereupon, to the House. the Writ, and return the fame; but the said Wm.

Dalrymple, in manifest Violation of the Right of Elec-Petersfield A Petition of Norton Powlett Esquire was presented tions, hath taken upon himself, by Indenture betwixt

Ekaion. to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the last him and one Robert Folio, who had no Colour of Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament Right to join in such Indenture, to return the honour-for the Borough of Petersfield, in the County of South- able James Erskine, of Grange, Esquire, to be Com-ampton, the Candidates were Sir William Jolliffe, missioner for the said Shire: That neither the said Knight, Edward Gibbon Esquire, and the Petitioner: James Erskine, nor the Persons, who, it is pretended,

That, by splitting and dividing, in several Instances, One voted for him, had any Right to vote in the Eie&ion ancient House, or Parcel of Land, into Two, Three, or for a Commissioner for the said Shire: That, as well more separate Tenements, or Parcels of Land, and before as at the Eie&ion, many undue and illegal - causing the fame, so split, to be conveyed to the Friends Practices were made use of by, for, and in Favour of, or Agents of the said Mr. Gibbon, in order to increase. the said James Erskine, in order to procure him to be the Number of Votes for him; and, by causing the elected and returned to serve in Parliament for the said Votes of several Persons to be taken for him, who had Shire; and, though he was not duly chosen, yet he hath no Right to poll at the said Eie&ion, according to the been returned by a Person who had no Right to make last Determination of the House of Commons; and, by such Return; whereas the Petitioner was duly elected; several other indirect and unwarrantable Practices, made and, as the proper Officer tendered a Return of the use of by, and in Favour of, the said Mr. Gibbon, the said Petitioner to the Sheriff, the Petitioner ought to have Mr. Gibbon, procured himself to be returned one of the been returned accordingly: And praying the House to Burgesses of the said Borough; to the great Injury of take the Premises into Consideration, and to direct the the Petitioner, who was duly elected, by a Majority of said Return to be amended in Favour of the Petitioner,

20 or

8 Geo. II. *9° — 31"

or to give the Petitioner such Relief as to the house shall feetn meet

A Petition of Mr. Xcil MJlcCar, Clerk to the Freeholders of the Shire of C 'lack man turn in North Britain, at the lait Election of u Momi>er to serve in Parliament for the said Shire, whs presented to the House, and read; lotting forth. That he was duly elected Clerk by the Majority of Frecliolilers of the said Shire, who were duly imolled; and that he acted as such, and certified to the honourable William Dalrymple, hereditary Slieriflf of the said Shire, That Sir John Schorr, of Greenock, Baronet, i\as duly elected Commiflfioner. who refilled to return the said Sir John Schau\ and returned the honourable Tinmen Ere/Line Esquire, certified to be elected by Mr. Robert Hello, who was not Clerk to the Meeting of the said Freeholders, nor hud any Right to join in an Indenture for returning the said James Erefkinc: And therefore praying such Relief as to flic House shall seem meet

Ordered, '1 hat the said Petitions be referred to the ( ontideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report ilia lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the Iloulc,

Ordered, That it be an Inftraction to the find Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petitions upon Wednesday tl* Nineteenth Day of March next

Mr. Pelham reported to the House. That his Mall jesty having been waited upon, pursuant to the Order of Veficrday, humbly to know when lie would be pleated to be attended by this House, liad been pleased to appoint this Afternoon at Two of the Clock, at his Palace of St. James.

* A Motiou being made, That it be an Inftniflion to the Committee of Privileges and Ejections, That they Ho bear the Matter of the Petition of James Erejkine, of Grange, Esquire, and the several other Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Burghs of Jnverkci thing, Sterling, Dwmfernding, CuUrofe, and Queens fern/, next after the Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Shire of Clackmannan;

Anil a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Friday Morning next

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do nt-lnn' tend this House upon Friday Morning next, with the Return for the Town und County of the Town of Southampton.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning |next, take into Consideration his Majesty s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Niue of the Clock.

Veneris, 310 die yanuarii;

Anno 8° Georgii II41 Regis, 1734. Prayers.

ee- A PETITION of Robert Effington and Thomas Jln-Jsl cent, Guild Stewards of the Borough of Caine, in the County of f Fills, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by die ancient Usage of the said Borough, and allb by the last Determination of the House, the night of returning Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, is in the Guild Stewards thereof: That, on the 2d Day of February 1733, the Petitioners were duly elefited Guild Stewards of the said Borough for the Year next enfuin/, by a Majority of the BurgdTes: Vox.. 22.

Jamarii. 3 3 7

That, about the l&th Day of April next following, a

Writ issued to Thomas Phipps Esquire, then High Sheriff

of the said County, for electing Two Burgesses to lerve

in this present Parliament for the said Borough: That the.

said High Sheriff ought to have delivered his Precept,

for die dccting Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the

laid Borough, to the Petitioners; and to have taken the

Petitioners Return of such Burgesses: hut, instead thereof*

the said Sheriff caused his Precept to be delivered to

George Furman and Lovell Scott, who took upon them,

without any Right, to act as the Guild Stewards of the said

Borough, at the said Election; and the said Forman and

Scott returned William Ducket tmA Walter I lunger ford,

Klquires, as Members for the said Borough; and, to give Colour for such Return, have contrived and affixed a Seal to the said Return, which is not die common Seal of the said Borough: That the Petitioners, who were the legal Guild Stewards for the said Borough, at the said Election, took the Poll of the Electors, on which Poll the said /fin. Duckett and Francis Kyles Efrjulres, were duly elected by a Majority of legal Votes; and the Petitioners made a Return under their Hands, and the common Seal of the said Borough, as usual, w hereby they returned the said Urm. Duckett Esquire, and Francis Eylc Esquire, to be duly elected Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough; and the Petitioners tendered such their Return to the said High Sheriff, but he retufed to accept thereof; but accepted the Return of the said Forman and Scott; although the said Mr. Jfungcrford had not a Majority of legal Votes, nor the said Forman aiul Scott, or either of them, any Right to make a Return, in Prejudice to the Petitioners Right, and in Violation of the Constitution of the said Borough: And praying the House to Like the Premises into Consideration; and atford the Petitioners such Relief therein as shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the Iloule.

A Petition of Thomas Xercnham and Benjamin Hays Marlborough Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; set* Election, ting forth, That at the late Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, the Petitioners, together with Edward Li/le and Francis Seymour Esquires, were Candidates: That several Persons were admitted to poll for the said Mr. Li/le and Mr. Seymour, w ho had no Right to vote at the said Election, and many oilier undue and corrupt Practices were made use of by them, and their Agents, in order to procure the said Mr. Life and Mr.

Seymour to be elededand returned for the said Borough, and they are returned accordingly, in Prejudice to the Petitioners, who had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned instead of the said Mr. Li/le and Air.

Seymour: And praying the House to take the Premises into Confederation; and grant them such Relief as to your Honours shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Farrington Esquire and William Michel! JVardottr Esquire was presented to the House, and read; Eleaiou. letting forth, That, at the Election of Burgesses to ferv£ in this present Parliament for the Borough of AHchell, in the County of Cornwall, the Petitioners, together with Thomas Watts and Robert Ord Esquires, Rood Candidates: That the Petitioners had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned Burgesses for the said Borough; but that, by means of feverah illegal and indirect Practices, a Number of Persons were procured to vote for the Sitting Members, who were not intitled thereto, pursuant to the last Resolution of Parliament; by 4 R which

Flint Election.

Jedburgh &c. Election.

31° Januarii.

A-1734-:

which means the Sitting Members procured schertilelves to be returned, in Prejudice to the Petitioners: And praying, That the House will be pleased to take the Pretnifes into Consideration, and give them inch Relief therein as shall be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideratiort of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Sir John Glynne Baronet was presentecf to the House, and read: felting forth, That, on the Sixth Day of May last, came on the Ele&iop for a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Flirty in the County of Flint, at which the Petitioner and Sir George Wynne Baronet stood Candidates: That William Owen and John Roberta, the Two Bailiffs of the said Borough, who are the Returning Officers of the laipe, being gained into the Interest of the fa*l Sir George Wynne, did proceed in; taking the Poll with the Utttioft Partiality against the Petitioner, rejecting several legal Votes, duly tendered for him, and admitting several for the said Sir George Wynner who had no Foundation of Right: That, for the better effecting their unjust Pur poles, the kid Bailiffs did carry on the said Poll in a most dilatory and vexatious manner never before practised,.protracting the same for Ten Days, and imposing an Oath upon almol't every Voter, concerning his Right and Qualifications, bo fore he was admitted to poll; which the Petitioner conceives to be illegal and arbitrary That, notwithstanding all the said Endeavours to procure a Majority for Sir George Wynne, it appeared, upon catting tip the Poll so taken by the Bailiffs, that there was a Majority of Twelve Votes for the Petitioner, as the Xumbers were declared and publiftved, and often repeated, by the said Bailiffs themselves, in open Court, yet, without proceeding to any Scrutiny, and without any Pretence lliewn for disqualifying, or setting aside* any One of the Votes given for the Petitioner, and entered upon the ibid Poll, the said Bailiffs have presumed, and taken upon themselves* in an unprecedented manner, to make a Return of the said Sir George Wynne, in manifest Wrong to the Petitioner, in Violation of the Rights of the Eiedors of the said Borough, settled and declared by a Resolution of the House of Commons* and in open Defiance of the many good Laws made to prevent false Returns of Members to serve in Parliament: And praying the House to take this his singular same into Consideration; and to give him such Relief therein as to the House shall ieem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard

the Bar of this House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put* That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 22d Day of April next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas £Sb'Jame* letters tot the itas, £Mr

nrs it c Al XT (Sir Charles Mor daunt,

Idlers for the Noes, {Mr

So it was relblved in the Affirmative.

} 209. 1181.

A Petition of Sir James Dalrymple Baronet; and also,

A Petition of the present Magistrates and Town Council of the Royal Burgh of Jedburgh, and of Robert Wintrope* George Scuggal, and John Fort eons, Councilors of the said Burgh lait Year; and also,

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the Royal Burgh of Haddingtouji thereunto lubforibing; and also,

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town. Council of die Royal Burgh of Lauder thereunto subscribing; and also,

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of

the Royal Burgh of North Berwick thereunto subscribing J and also,

A Petition of John HaJiveU, Common Clerk of the Burgh of Jedburgh;

Were severally presented to the Motile, and read; ,

setting forth, That, at the Election of a Burgris to serve in this present Parliament for the said D id rift of Burghs at Jedburgh, the presiding Burgh of that District, on Saturday the 1 8 th Day of May last, the Petitioner Sir James Dalrymple was duly elc&ed Burge Is for the said District, by the Voices of Hugh j

Dalrymple Esquire, who was legally ele&ed Delegate for the fakl Borough of North Berwick, and of John Moffat, w ho was legally elected Delegate for the said Burgh of Lauder; James Douglas, who , was duly eie&ed Delegate for the said Burgh of

Jedburgh* not being present at the said Election of a j

Burgds for the said Dittri&, and Wm. Cranjian, ]

Doctor of Medicines, not having been duty elected

/Delegate for the said Borough of Jedburgh, and George Edm\fionjiot haying been duty elected Delegate for the.laid Borough of Lauder, and George Fref kin not having been , duty elected Delegate foe the said Borough of Haddingtoun .-That, nevertheless,

- . ’ Archibald Croinbicj or John Crombie, or both of them, pretending to lie Common Clerk, or Clerks, of the fakl Borough of Jedburgh, have or has presumed to make a Return of James Fall Esquire, as duly elected Burgds to serve in Parliament for the said District, although die Laid James Fall was not

, duly elefiied; and: that the said Return is utterly void, not being made by the Petitioner John Ilajiaell, the Common Clerk of the said Borou gh of Jedburgh, at the time of the said Election; and that undue Influence, Bribery* Corruption, illegal Combination, and Association, and other unlawful Methods, were used by the said JatJies Fall, or his Agents or Abettors, in procuring, or attempting to procure, undue Elections of Delegates to favour the Interest of the said James Fall in the aforesaid Burghs of IJadding-toun, Jedburgh, or Lauder, or some of them: And praying the House to take the said Election and Return into Consideration; and give the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall feetn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Anti that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report the lame* with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House attended his 4\nfm Majesty, ow // ednesday last, with their Address: To which Addict, his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious An-fvver; viz.

Gentlemen,

I return you my thanks for this dutiful and loyal Address: I depend intirely upon your Fidelity and Affection, and your due llega«rd to the publick Welfare, that I shall be supported in such Measures as I may be obliged to pursue: And you may be assured, that the Honour and Interest of my Crown and People shall be the Rule and Guide of all my A&iorvs and Resolutions.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Doctor! the Reverend Doctor Crow, for the Sermon by him thanke( preached before this House, Yesterday, at St. Margaret s, Westminster", and that he be desired to print the fame:

And that Mr. Hedges and Mr. Thomas Pitt do acquaint him therewith.

The House, according to Order, resumed the ad- Invert journed Debate of Yesterday, upon tire Motion made for an Infrru6tion to the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Uon‘ tions, to hear the Matter of the Petition of James Ere-Jktnc, of Grange, Esquire, and the several other Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Difeict of Burghs of Inverkeithing, Sterling, Dum-9 Jemling,

1:

8 Geo. II. 31

m.

fernding, Cu/lrnfs, am! Queens ferry, next after the Hearing otthe Matter of the several Petitions/ complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Shire of Clackmannan.

Ordered, That it he on Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, That they do hear the Matter of the Petition of James Ere!f ine, of Grange, Esquire, and the several other Petitions complaining of an undue Klcftiou and Return for the District of Burghs of Inverkeithing, Sterling, Du in term ling, Cullro/i, and Queensferry, next after the Hearing of the Matter of the llveral Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Shire of Clackmannan.

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according In to Order, with the Return for the Town, and County of the Town, of Southampton;

The Writ, directed to the Sheriff of the said Town, was read:

And Notice being taken, that the Precept of the said Sheriff was not annexed to the said Writ:

Aud die House being informed, that the Deputy Clerk of the Crown had received a I Alter, with the said Precept inclosed;

He delivered the fuuc in nt the Table.

Aid the said Letter, directed to the said Deputy Clerk of the Crown, liiblrribed by JvfMonte, dated Southampton, January 30th, 17;>4, and certified under the Hands of the said Sheriff, and his Ender Sheriff, to be written by their Reque i; intimating. That the said Precept was omitted by the Coder Sliciiff; and cicfiring the said Deputy Clerk of the Crown immediately to annex it to tlieTwo Returns and the Writ, before lie laid it before the House of Commons; was also read:

And the luid Precept, directed to the Muvornnd Bui-lifts of the said Town: und commanding them, and every one. of them, jointly and levcrully, to cause Two Burgesses to lie elected; with the indorlwl Receipt of the said Precept, ligned by the said Mayor and Bailiffs; was also read:

And the Return of Sir I I'm. Ilcathcotc Baronet, and Antony Henley Esquiiv. by Indenture, under the Hands and Seals of Arthur Drawbridge Esquire, Mayor of the said Town, and Arthur AthcrUy the Younger, (icntlc-mnn, one of the Builitis of the said Town, and several Burgesses and Inhabitants lliereof, annexed to the said Writ, was also read:

And the Return of Sir Il ia. Ilcathcotc Baronet, and John Conduitt Esquire, by Indenture, under the Hands and Seals ot Jofll \nd (icntlcman, one of the Buililf> of the said Town, and several other Burgrrtes and Inhabitants thereof, annexed likew ill* lu the said Writ, was also lead.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, upon this Day Fortnight, with tiic Return for the Town, and County of the Town, of Southampton;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

’ £ Mr. Haii hins:

Tellers of the Noes, {^|r* Pitt,

(Mr. Urercton:

So it passed in the Negative.

j 1 26.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take onf:* into Consideration his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Rifolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refulvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

dates at the lait Election of Burgesses to lerve in the pro-sent Parliament for the Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln: That, at the said Election, several Persons were admitted to poll for the said Mr. Profjtj, who had no Right lb to do; and the Votes of many Pct> fons, w ho hud a Right to vote, and ode red to poll l or the Petitioner, were arbitrarily refilled, by Robert 11 enjoin Mayor of the said Borough, und Returning Officer ot’tlrt?

Burgesses then to be elected to represent the* liiitl Borough in this present Parliament; by which undue Means, and by oilier the great Partiality and unwarrantable Proceed* ings of the said Robert lien fan, and of Thomas Hurst thd former Mayor of the said Borough lait preceding the said Robert llenfon, and of several of the Aldermen thereof, and by divers corrupt and illegal Practices made use of by the said Mr. Proby, and his Agents and Friends, the said Mr. Proby is returned as one of the Burgesses elected for the said Borough with the said Mr. Noel; to the great Prejudice of the Petitioner, who was duly elected; and therefore ought to have been returned accordingly,* inffcead of the said Mr. Proby: And praying the House to take the Petitioners same into Cousideration; and to give Li in such Relief as to the I Ionic iha.ll lbctn meet.

Onlord, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-fulcration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the lloulc.

A Petition of Sir 1lrm. Got'dou Baronet, was presented Sutherland to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Peti* Election, tioner was a Candidate at the lait Election of a Comraif-honer to lerve in tills present Parliament for, the Shire of Sutherland’ which was held at Dornoch, the Thirteenth ] )ay of May lait: That Sir James Pergnfon Baronet, was also a Candidate at laid Election, though, as the Petitioner was informed, and does believe, he had no Eltnte. in his own Right, in the said Shire; und that he was not infeoft in the Estate to which lie pretended Right, till the Twenty-seventh day of Novanfmr, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-three; whereas-he ought to have been infeoft, and foiled, and such Seiiin registred,

One full Year before the Te/ie of the Writ for calling this present Parliament, pursuant to the Directions of the Statute of the Twelfth of Queen Anne, made in that Behalf, or otherw ife was incapable to be elected: That the said Sir James Fergujbns Qualification was objected to, on both these Accounts; and it was also inlisted on, to be proved by his own Oath, in manner as directed by the said Act of the Twelfth of Queen Anne, tlmt his Right was in Trust; and he not appearing to remove the Objection, a Protelt was taken, that lie lhould be incapable of being elected Commissioner for the said Shire: That divers irregular and undue Means w ere used, before and at the said Election, by the High Sheriff of the lkici Shire, his Deputies, and his Agents, to procure a Majority of Votes for the said Sir James Ferguson: That the Petitioner was duly elected Commissioner to lerve for the said Shire of Sutherland, at the said last Election, and was intitled to be returned: That, neverthclcis, Sir John Gordon Baronet, Pr<efcs of the Meeting, and Bofsy Clerk thereof, and the Sheriff of the said Shire of Sutherland, have taken upon them to return the said Sir James Pergafon, as duly elected, Commissioner to lerve in Parliament for the said Shire, notwithstanding of his w ant of a proper Qualification to elect, or be elected; to the Prejudice of the Petitioner, and Violation of the Right of the Electors: And therefore praying the House to tafee the Premises into Cousideration; and to give the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Servile Cujl Esquire was presented to the A Petition of Sir Robert Law/ey and Sir Richard A firm Bridgnorth Iloule, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, and Baronets, was presented to the House, and read; setting Election. William Nod, and John Proby Esquires, stood Candi- forth, That the Petitioners, and Thomas Il hitmpre, of,

Vol. 22. Apky> "

Lewes Election.

Southwark

fclt&on.

54°

A pity, Esquire, ami ft raj/ James Grove, of Pool Half, Esquire, stood Candidates at the last Election of Burgetles to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough ot' Bridgnorth, otherwise Bruges, in the County of Salop: That, by Bribery, and other corrupt and illegal Practices of the said Mr. fVhitmorc, and Mr. Grave, their Friends and Agents, a great Number of Voters were, before and at the said Election, influenced, and prevailed upon, to poll for the said Mr. IVJut more and Mr. Grove, and many others hindered from polling, who otherwise would have voted for the Petitioners; by which, and other indirect Means, the said Mr. Whitmore and Mr. Grove have procured themselves to be returned Burgesses for the said Borough; contrary to, and in Violation of, the Bights and Privileges thereof; and in Prejudice to the Petitioners, who were duly elected for the said Borough by a Majority of good Votes; and therefore ought to have been returned, to represent the ibid Borough in Parliament: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and give the Petitioners such Belief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Nathaniel Garland and Thomas Sergifon Esquires, was prelbnted to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners stood as Candidates at the lute Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lewes, in the County of Suffew, together with gliomas Pelham of Stammer, in the county of 'Suffer aforesaid, and Thomas Pelham of Lewes aforesaid, Esquires: That the Petitioners, as such, had a very great Majority of legal Votes; but, by tt>e Partiality and arbitrary Management of Thomas Friend and James Reeve, who topk upon themselves to act as Constables, and, as such, to be the Presiding and Returning Officers of the said Borough; and, by Bribery, and other corrupt and indirect Practices made use of before and at the time of the find Election, the said Thomas Pelham, ot Stanmer, Esquire, and Thomas Pelham, of Lewes, Esquire, procured themselves to be unduly returned, by the said Thomas Friend and James Reeve; to the Prejudice of the Petitioners: That divers good and legal Votes, tendered for the Petitioners, were refu.fed by the said pretended Constables, and many others admitted to poll for the said Thomas Pelham and Thomas Pelham, who had no Bi^ht at all to vote at the said Eieftion: Aud praying such Belief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Lerwes, in the County of Suffer, w hole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other Inhabitants of the said Borough, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That although the Petitioners, and divers others, had an undoubted Right to give their Votes in the Eieftion of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, yet Thomas Friend and James Reeve, who took upon themselves to act as Constables, and, under that Pretence, to be the Presiding and Returning Officers of the said Borough, did, in an arbitrary and partial manner, refuse to admit the Petitioners Votes, though duly tendered by the Petitioners, in behalf of Nathanael Garland and Thomas Sergifon Ifquires, and admitted others to poll for Thomas Pelham of Stanmer, and Thomas Pelham of Lewes, Esquires, w ho had no Right so to do; and, by these, and divers other indirect Practices, declared the said Thomas Pelham and Thomas Pelham to be duly elected; and have accordingly returned them: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the M atters thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Richard Sheppard Esquire w as presented

A> 1734.

to the House, arid read; letting Foith, That, at the last Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surra/, Thomas Inwen Esquire, George Heathcote Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates: That Thomas Bold Esquire, who is the Returning Officer, and took the Poll, admitted le-veral Persons to poll for the said George Heathcote Esquire, who had no Bight to Poll, and refilled others to poll for the Petitioner, w ho had an undoubted Right: That divers unjust, corrupt, and illegal Practices were inadeule of by and on the behalf of the said George Heathcote; notwithstanding which, there was a Majority of legal Voters upon the Puli' for the said Thomas Tmven and the Petitioner; nevertheless, the Returning Officer declared a Majority in favour of the said George Heathcote; in Prejudice of the Petitioner; whereupon a Scrutiny wa9 demanded in behalf of the Petitioner; and it fully appeared, that the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Voters on the Poll with the said Thomas Inwen; and ought to have been returned accordingly; but the said Thomas Bold, pretending to hear Objections on both Sides, againiV Persons who polled at the said, I lection, and examining Witnesses, on Oath, relating the reunto, did make up a private Account of what Votes he thought fit to allow, or dilallow1; and, though required by the Petitioner, and other Persons on his Behalf, both before and at the Declaration of the Numbers on the Scrutiny, the said Thomas Bold absolutely refused t,o give the Petitioner, or such other Persons, any Account whom he had so allow ed or disallowed, or his Rea-fons for lb doing; but did, in an arbitrary manner, declare and return the Ibid.George Heathcote; to the great Injury of the Petitioner, and in great Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the Electors of the said Borough, and in Defiance of the Laws of this Realm: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and grant the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall leein meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Henry Bendish junior, Esquire, was pre- Ifchester fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Sir Ekflioo. Robert Brown Baronet, Charles Lockyer Esquire, and the Petitioner, Hood Candidates at the last Eieftion of ’Bur- ' gelfes to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of llchester, in the County of Somerset: That, at the said Election, several Persons were admitted to poll for the said Sir Robert Browne,w I10 had no Right so to do; and the Votes for several Persons, who had a Right to poll, and offered to vote for the Petitioner, were refuied; by which undue Means, and by the arbitrary and partial Proceedings of the then Bailiff' and other corrupt and illegal Practices made tile of in behalf of the said Sir Robert Browne, he, the said Sir Robert Browne, is returned a Iiyrgefs for the said Borough; to the manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner, who was duly elected one of the Representatives for the said Borough by a Majority of legal Votes, and therefore ought to have been returned accordingly: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and give the Petitioner such Redrels therein as shall be just7.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Nathanael Gould Esquire was presented Warehan to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Eieftion Eka-01^ of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Warcham, in the County of Dorset, came on upon Saturday the Fourth Day of May 1734; at which Eieftion the Petitioner stood Candidate: That a Poll being taken at the said Eieftion, Antony Treiv, of the said Borough, who acted in the Capacity of Mayor and Returning Officer for the said Borough, did arbitrarily and

illegally

31 0 Jamati

0

8 Geo. II. 31° Januarti. — 1° 341

illegally receive and admit a great Number of Persons to vote for John Put Esquire, who had no Right or Title whatsoever to poll at the said Election; and did also unjustly disallow and reject divers Votes for the Petitioner, which ought to have been received; and obstinately declared the said Election in favour of the said Mr. Pitt, and returned him, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; in Contempt of the Inst Kesolution of the House, touching the Right of Elc&i >n for the said Borough, alihough the said Antony Trac, was before the Election, served with a Copy of the said Resolution, and well knew the Intent and Meaning thereof: That the said Mr. Pitt, by the Means aforesaid, and other corrupt and illegal Pruflices, has been returned, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of War eh am, although the Petitioner was duly eiefied a Member for the said Borough, by a great Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned accordingly: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall fcem meet.

Ot'dered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas .1 fat theirs Esquire was prefen ted to the House, and read; letting Jorth, That, at the last Klefiion of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cardiff', in the County of Glamorgan, the Honourable Herbert Hindfor Esquire, and the Petitioner, lb xid Candidates: That the Petitioner was duly elected, In a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; notuithstanding which, the said Herbert U'indfor, by Threats and Menaces, and other illegal and unwarrantable Praflices. and by influencing David Owen and Thomas Mercatth, who very arbitrarily and illegally took upon thcinfebes to ah as Returning Officers, though not duly defied into such Office, did procure himself to be returned for the bid Borough; in manifest Injury and Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that he may have Inch Relief therein u* to the IIoulc shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition l»e referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Ami that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, u ith their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the House, of Wednesday last, lor an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Klc&ions, to hear the Matter of the Petition of JoA/i Scot, of Wardropestoun, Esquire; and also the Petition of John Maul, Clerk to the Freeholders of the Shire of Kincardine, in Scotland, at the last Election of a Commissioner to serve in Parliament for the said Shire; severally complaining of an undue Elefiion and Return for the said Shire; upon IVcdneJday the 19th Day of March next; be discharged.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatiy i° die Februarii; Anno 8° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1734*

Prayers.

A PETITION of William Lock Esquire was prefen ted to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner stood as Candidate, at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Mitbom Port; and Thomas Medlycott, of Venn, and Michael Harvey Esquire, did also stand Candidates at the said Election: That the said Michael Harvey, by divers arbitrary, illegal, and unwarrantable Practices, by himself, and his Agents, procured many of the Voters to poll for him, who would otherwise have voted for the Vql.

Petitioner; and did, by his Influence Over the Returning Officers, persuade them to admit of many Persons to vote for him, who had not the least Right so to do; and, in consequence of these arbitrary, illegal, and unwarrantable Proceedings, the said Michael Harvey has procured himself to be returned as Member to serve in this present Parliament; in Prejudice of the Petitioner, who had an undoubted Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned accordingly: And therefore praying such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Afatthac Chilly St. Quint in Esquire, was Maw#*

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, ^€C^‘0D*

at the late Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Maws, in the County of Cornwall, the Petitioner was a Candidate, had an undoubted Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned accordingly; but the Portreeve having arbitrarily taken upon himself to admit a Number of Persons to vote for the honourable Hetiry Vane Esquire, who had no Right, or Pretence of Right, to offer their Votes there, declared the Majority to fall upon the said honourable Henry l ane Esquire; and did return him accordingly; in manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner, and of the said Borough: And therefore praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Colonel John Cope, and Joseph IVindham Orford

Asht Esquire, was presented to the House, and read $ EWho*. setting forth, That, at the Election for Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Orford, in the County of Suffolk, the Petitioners were Candidates, as were also Richard Pou ts Esquire, and Lewis Barlow Esquire: That one John Mar ret t, w ho usurped the Office of Mayor of the said Borough, took upon himself to

?reside at the Election as Mayor; and did admit several 'ersons to poll at the said Elefiion, for the said Mr. Powis, and Mr. BarUru\ who had no Right so to do; and did also refuse several others, who had a Right to poll, and who tendered their Votes for the Petitioners: That divers corrupt and illegal Practices were made use of by the said Mr. Powis and Mr. Barlow, or their Agents; and divers Persons, who had a Right, and would have voted for the Petitioners, were forcibly prevented from giving their Votes: That the said Man ett, w ithout any Right of Office, has returned the said Mr. Poicis and Mr. Barlow, as Members duly defied, to serve in Parliament; to the Prejudice of the Petitioners, who ought to have been returned: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Murdock of Cumloddan, was Kirkcudbright presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at Elation* the last Elefiion of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, Patrick Heron, of Heron, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates:

That the said Patrick Heron, as Prafes to this Meeting^ in consequence of his being last Representative of the said Stewartry, would suffer none to vote, but those only who happened to be present at his last Elefiion, Anno 1727; and thereby excluded many Freeholders, formerly inrolled, whose Names had never been struck off the Roll, and to whole Qualifications there could not be the least Objefiaon pretended, some of them having the very heft Estates in the Stewartry: That the said Patrick Heron absolutely

4S and

Wigtoun, lie. Election.

342 1 0 Februarii. 1734.

and peremptorily refilled, though formally required, to tender the Oaths, by Law appointed, to every Freeholder, before he should be admitted to vote for Prcefes or Clerk; neither would he fuller the Oaths to be administered to, or taken by, any one Voter whatsoever, before the Election of Prcefes anti Clerk: That the said Patrick Heron peril sting thus to act, contrary to the positive Directions of many ACE of Parliament, in such a manner, that no Prcefes or Clerk could, upon the Question by him put, be legally chose, nor, coufecjuently, any Member regularly elected, and the Stewart Clerk refuting to collect the Votes for Prcefes and Clerk, the Freeholders were under a Necessity to authorize some other Person, who would act impartially, to take the Roll, and preside over them, while they chole their Prcefes and Clerk: That accordingly Sir Thornets Gordon of Ear 1st one, at the Desire, and with the Approbation, of the Majority of the Freeholders p re lent, legally qualified to vote, took the Roll, and called the Names of all the Freeholders formerlyiw-rolled, and received their Votes for Prcefes and Clerk: That thereupon William Muir, of Caffencarry, was duly elected Prcefes, and James Brown, Writer in Dumfries, was duly elected Clerk, to the Meeting of Freeholders: That the Meeting being thus regularly constituted, the Rolls settled, and all the previous Steps taken, which are by Law required, the Freeholders proceeded to the Election of their Representative, and the Petitioner was duly elected: That the said James Brown, Clerk of the Meeting, and consequently Returning Officer, tendered to Mr. John Henderson, Deputy Stewart of the said Stewartry, a Return of the Name of the Petitioner, as the Person duly elected by the Freeholders; which the Petitioner, and the said James Brown, required the said Deputy Stewart to annex to the Writ and Return; but the said Deputy Stewart has thought fit to annex a Return of the Name of the said Patrick Heron, made by John Hynd\ Writer in Dumfries, to the Writ, and return the same into the Court out of which the Writ issued, though the said John Hynd was not duly elected Clerk, no one Person who voted for him having taken the Oaths, though required, nor the said Patrick Heron duly elected the Member, the Petitioner having a Majority of legal Votes: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and give such Relief as to them shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Captain John Dalrymple was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Dif-triCfc of Burghs of Wigtoun, Whithorn, New Galoway, and Stranrawer, appointed to be at Wigtoun, as the presiding Burgh of that District, on Saturday the Eighteenth of May last, Patrick APkie was chose Delegate for the Burgh of Wigtoun, by a Part of the Magistrates and Town Council of that Burgh, amongst whom were the Right honourable James Earl of Galoway, and Alexander Lord G air Its, his eldest Son, who were present, and voted for the said Patrick M'kie; and Alexander Blain who chose a Delegate for the said Burgh of Wigtoun, by another Part of the Magistrates and Town Council of the said Burgh, who objected to the Election of the said Patrick M‘kie, he being chose by the Votes of the said James Earl of Galoway, and Alexander Lord Gairles, both of whom were by Law excluded, and incapable of voting, in the election of a Delegate, and protested against the Election of the said Patrick Mlkie as illegal: That John Stewart, was elected Delegate for the Burgh of Whithorn: That John M(courtie was elected Delegate for the Burgh of New Galoway: That John Gray was elected Delegate for the Burgh of Stranrawer: That John APkie, Common Clerk of Wigtoun, was Clerk to the said Election: That the said John M'kie allowed the said Patrick M^kie to vote as Delegate for the said Burgh of Wigtoun, at the said Election; but refused to allow the said Alexander

Blain to vote as Delegate for the said Burgh of Wigtoun: That*, at the said Election, John Stewart, Delegate for the Burgh of Whithorn, objected against John APcourlie, Delegate for New Galoway, and Patrick APkie, Delegate for the Burgh of Wigtoun, their voting in the Election of a Burgess for the said District of Burghs; because neither the Magistrates and Town Council of New Galoway, nor of the Burgh of Wigtoun, had qualified themselves, by taking the Oaths, by Law appointed to be taken by them; and protested, That the Election of the said Two Delegates was void, and against their voting in the Election of a Burgess for the said District of Burghs: That, at the said Election, the Petitioner was duly elected Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the aforesaid District of Burghs; and ought to have been returned: That, never-theiefs, the said John M'kie, Common Clerk of Wigtoun, has presumed to return the Honourable Captain James Stezvart, now Colonel James Stewart, for the said District of Burghs, though he was no-ways duly elected Burgess aforesaid: That undue Influence, and other unlawful Means, have been used by the said Colonel James Stewart, his Agents or Abettors, in procuring, or attempting to procure, undue Elections of Delegates, to favour the Interest of him, the said Colonel Stewart, in the aforesaid Burghs of Wigtoun and New Galoway, or some of them: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Alexander Udny, of TJdny, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the Election of a Member of Parliament for the County of Aberdeen, on the 30th Day of May last, Sir Arthur Forbes of Craigievar, as Member for that County in the last Parliament, and thereby intitled to alk the Votes for who should be Prcefes, and who should be Clerk, to that Election, acted in an illegal and arbitrary manner, whereby the Rolls came to be formed at his Pleasure, and contrary to Law; and that particularly he, and his Adherents, refused to suffer any Objections to be moved against any of them, whose Votes he was pleased to alk on these Questions, though it was notoriously known, that many of them were denuded of thei r Freeholds, and expressly refused to put, or allow to be put, to any of them, the Oath required by the Act of the Seventh Year of his present Majesty; and that the said Meeting, by this their illegal Procedure, elected Alexander Frafer, of Stricken, one of the Lords of Session, to be their Prcefes, and Thomas Hay, Sheriff Clerk of the said County, to be their Clerk; and, in a most extraordinary and illegal manner, rejected the Votes of many Freeholders, which were undoubtedly good and valid in Law, and admitted and received the Votes of others, who were by no means thereto intitled in Law; and that, by these, and other most illegal and undue Practices, the said Sir Arthur Forbes cs*ne to have a pretended Plurality of Votes, in the Meeting aforesaid, for being Member in this present Parliament for the said County; and has been accordingly returned, by the said Sheriff Clerk, Clerk of the said Meeting, and by the Sheriff of the said County; though the Petitioner had the Plurality of good, valid, and legal Votes, and was duly elected to be Member of this present Parliament for the County aforesaid; and he, and not the said Sir Arthur Forbes, ought to have been returned Member for the fame: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to ordain such Relief to the Petitioner as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Sir John Stewart, of Allenbank, Baronet, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That,

Aberdeen

Election.

Berwi

E’edic

8 Geo. II. i° Februarii 343

I hat, at the late Election of a Knight to servein Parlia- Petitioner, at the Poi!, had an equal Number of Votes mi nt for the County of Bci'uick. upon the 30th Day of with jjic said John King, now Lord Kina: That several May lull, the honourable Mr. Alexander Hume Campbell Persons were admitted to vote, who gave their Votes and the Petitioner, stood Candidates; and the Petitioner against the Petitioner, who, ns the Petitioner a ppivhcnds,' was the only Person who was duly elected: That the had no Right to vote at the said Election: That, by Freeholders, who attended, were required, by a Free- several undue and illegal Practices, several of the Voters holder forme rly inrolled, to take the Oaths appointed to in the Cod Borough were induced to give their Votes for be taken by Kltftors of Members of Parliament, and spe- one or other of the other Three Candidates, who would rialiv the Oath which, by the Statute Georgii Secumli, otherwise have given their Votes for the Petitioner; which is appointed to be taken in Place of the Oath appointed by would have given the Petitioner a clear Majority of ail, the Act Duodecimo Annul, and Unit before they proceeded except Sir // illium Morrict; notwithstanding which, the to give any Vote for the Choice of a Clerk and P rafts to said John King, now I^oru King, is returned, together the Meeting: yet, nevuthelels, divers of Uie Freeholders with Sir William Atorrice; to the tnanifeft Prejudice of thought tit, without taking Uiefe Oaths, though required the Petitioner: And praying the Iloule to take the as aforesaid, to proceed to elect a Clerk and P rafts; and, Premises into Cousideration; and to grant such Relief to by die Votes of thetc unqualified Persons, the MU Sion of Uie Petitioner as to the House llmll seem meet Clerk and Pra fts> as tvell as all the subsequent Steps, were Ordered, That the said Petitions Ik? refcm d to the Con-

illegally made; whereas the Electors, to the Number sideration of the Committee of Privileges and F.liftfons: of Twenty-six, who voted for Uie PeUUoner, had all the And that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report Qualifications required by I-aw, and Fourteen of Uicm Uie fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to Uie House. took thr aforesaid () tli required by Uie said Act Septimo Ordered\ That it be an InttruSion to the said Com-

Georgii, and a considerable Number of them took the mittee, That they do hear the Matters of the said Petitions other Oaths to the Government, required by Law; upon Friday Uie Fourteenth Day of March next whereas none of these who voted for the said Mr. Hume

Campbell took cither the aforesaid Oath ap|>ointed by the A Petition of John Con/luit Esquire was presented to Southampton Act Septimo Georgii, or the OaUi of Abjuration, not even the House, and read; setting forth. That, at the Election the said Candidate him fell: 'Flint good Objections were of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the ecl, on* made to several of the Electors, who voted for the said Town and County of Southampton, Sir William Heath- Mr. Alexander Ilume Campbell, but were disregarded by cote, Antony liat/ey Esquire, and the Petitioner, were the Meeting; and that a most just ExcepUon was offered Candidates: That Richard Raymond. Mayor for the \ ear against the 1-iid Mr. Alexander Hume Campbell, as a Person 1733. did, within some Month* before the Election of incapable either of electing or being elected, not having Mcmliers to serve in this present Parliament, and Arthur been in loo It, and his Infeotlment registered or recorded Bracebridge. Mayor for the car 1734. a short time upon any irredeemable Right, a Year and Day before before the M ckfon, and even alter issuing the Precept lor the Toft of Uie Writ, as the Law 'requires; which the fime, at several Common Councils, which were called Objection was verified by Uie W*r tings produced at the by the said Mayors for that Ptir|>ofe, and could not have Meeting; sand, nevertheless. this undeniable Objection met or acted without them, e!eft, or pretend to elect, or was disregarded; and the Sheriff has adventured to return fivear, a very great Number of Persons, of distant Places Mr. Alexander Ilume Campbell, as the Member duly and Counties, Burgesses of Southampton, on purpose to elected: And therefore praying the House to take Uie vote against the Petitioner, and to overpower, and render Premises into their Coufidtration; and give such Relief as ineffectual, Uie Votes of the Inhabitants paying Scotland to the House shall seem meet. Lot; and the said Arthur Bracebridge being applied to by

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Con- Members of the Corporation, before the Day of Election, sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Llcftions: and by the Petitioner, and others, at the time of Elec-

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report tion, to shew the publick Records of the Corporation, the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to Uie House. where the Names and Elections of all Burgesses are or

ought to be entered, refused to produce the fame, and A Petition of Sir William Irby Baronet was presented declared, he was determined to shew no Books, till he to the House, and read; felting forth, That Sir William was compelled by a superior Court of Judicature; and Morice Baronet, Uie honourable John King Esquire, now though it was objected, that Arthur Atherly junior, the Lord King, CharlesIVynaham Esquire, and Uie Petitioner, pretended Junior Bailiff, was not duly elected a Burgds, stood Candidates at the last Election of Burgesses to serve and consequenUy could not be Bailiff; and the same Ob-in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dunhevid\ jeftion had been proved, if the Books had been produced, alias Launceston, in the County of Conraall: That, at the as they ought to have been; yet the said Arthur Atherly laid Election, many Persons were admitted to poll for took upon him to act as Judge of the Poll, and Returning the said Mr. King, w ho had no Right so to do; and the Officer, in Uie same manner as if he had been duly elected Votes of several Persons, who had a Right to poll, and a Burgess and Bailiff; and the said Arthur Bracebridge, offered to vote for the Petitioner, were refused; by which and Arthur Atherly, took the Votes for Mr. Henley, of undue Means, and by Uie Partiality and unwarrantable a great Number of Strangers, whose Names and Faces Practices of Caleb Jenkins, who acted as Mayor of Uie were unknown at Southampton, and to the Senior Bailiff, said Borough, and by other illegal and unwarrantable the other Returning Officer, without shewing the least Practices, the said Mr. King is returned a Burgefe for Evidence of their having any Right, though several Ob-the said Borough; to the Prejudice of the Petitioner, who jeftions were made, and there was reason to believe, was duly elected one of the Representatives for the said many of them were not elected Burgesses, and also of Borough, by a Majority of legal Votes; and therefore several others, who were known to be only Inmates and ought to have been returned accordingly: And praying Lodgers, and never to have been rated to, or to have the House to take Uie Premises into Cousideration; and paid, any publick Taxes; and, at the same time, rejected to give the Petitioner such Redrest as to the House shall the Votes for the Petitioner, of a great many ancient seem meet. and substantial Inhabitants, several of which had voted

at former Elections, and who had all been rated to the A Petition of Charles Wyndham Esquire was presented publick Taxes, and had paid the fame; the said Arthur to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the late Bracebridge refusing to hear their Claims, and threaten-Election for Members to serve in Uiis present Parliament ing, in a moil arbitrary manner, to close the Poll im-for the Borough of Dunheved, alias Launceston, in the mediately, if they tendered their Votes, the Offering of County of CormvaU, the honourable John King Esquire, which, he said, was an Insult upon his Office, and should be now Lord King, Sir IVm. Morrict Baronet, Sir IVm. Irby punHhed accordingly; and, by these unjufiifiable Proceed-Baronet, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates: That the ings of the said Mayors and Bailiff, or pretended Bailiff Vol. 22. and

344

i° Februarii 1734-

and many other arbitrary, corrupt, and illegal Practices, of them, and other Agents of the said Antony Henley, the said Arthur Bracebridge and Arthur Atherly have, without any Colour of Right, by a pretended Majority of One Vote, returned the said Antony Henley; in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying such Relief and Redress as to the House shall seem meet.

Southampton A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the said Two Town and County, in behalf of themselves, and many e ,0il* other Inhabitants; complaining of several arbitrary Practices of the Two late Mayors, junior Bailiff, Justices, and governing Part of the Corporation of the said Town, before, at, and since the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Town and County, in Prejudice to the said Mr. Conduitt, and the Petitioners, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

polled, the said Sheriff adjourned the said County Court to the Tuesday Sevennight following, in order to examine the Qualifications of the Persons who had so polled, and to finish and complete the Election: That, at the time of such Adjournment, the said Sheriff did not cast up the Numbers upon the Poll Books, nor declare a Majority to either of the said Candidates, or that either of them was duly elected; notwithstanding which, the said Sheriff, before the Day to which the Court was adjourned to, and without inquiring into the Qualifications of any of the several Votes objected to, or hearing any Person upon any of the said Objections, and without any publick Notice to the Freeholders, privately returned the said Sir Hum-phiy Howorth, who is not qualified to fit and vote in the House as a Member for the said County: And praying such Redress in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Radnor A Petition of Gwyn Vaughan Esquire was presented to RJeaion. House, and read $ setting forth, That the Petitioner, standing Candidate at the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the said County of Radnor, had a Majority of legal Votes: That Sir Humphry Haworth Knight, who was also Candidate at the said Election, was, by himself, and divers other Persons acting as his Agents, guilty of several corrupt, illegal, and unwarrantable Practices, in order to procure himself to be then elected; and that Matthew Davis Esquire, then High Sheriff of the said County, did also, in an arbitrary, corrupt, and illegal manner, admit great Numbers, w'ho had no legal Votes, to poll for the said Sir Humphry Howorth; and that the said Sheriff was guilty of divers other corrupt, illegal, and unwarrantable Practices: That, although the Petitioner was duly elected, yet the said Sheriff in an arbitrary, corrupt, and illegal manner, did return the said Sir Humphry Howorth, in Prejudice to the Petitioner; and that the said Sir Humphry Howorth had not then, nor now hath, an Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, sufficient to qualify him to be a Member of the House of Commons: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem reasonable.

Ditto. A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentry, Clergy,

and Freeholders, of the County of Radnor, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the freeholders of the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the said County came on, at a County Court held at Presteigne, on Tuesday the Twenty-first Day of May last, before Matthew Davies Esquire, then High Sheriff of the said County; and, Sir Humphry Howorth Knight, and Gxcyn Vaughan Esquire, appearing the re as Candidates, great Numbers were admitted, by the said Sheriff, to poll for the said Sir Humphy Howorth, who had no Right of voting: That several of the Petitioners, and other Freeholders, then present, objected to the Polling of such unqualified Persons; and were then ready, and offered to make good such their Objections; but the said Sheriff then refused to hear any such Objections; promising, however, to hear and determine the fame, upon a. Scrutiny to be held after the Close of the Poll; and that he would, according to his Duty, and his Oath, return such Person as should appear to him to have the Majority of legal Votes; which Promise both the said Candidates acquiesced under, and agreed to; and, in order to discover the Votes so objected to, a Mark was set upon the Names of several then known in the Poll Books, by the Consent and Direction of the said Sheriff, and both Candidates: That the said Poll continued from Tuesday the Twenty-first Day, of May, till the Thursday following; and, all the Freeholders then present having

A Petition of Sir James Nafmyth Baronet was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the 25th Day of May last being appointed for eleCling a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Peebles, in Scotland, John Hay, of Hayston, Esquire, was duly elected Prcefes, and Henry Balcanquall was duly elected Clerk, by the Majority of the Freeholders formerly inrolled, who only had a Right to vote in such Elections: That the Petitioner was then duly elected, by a great Majority of the Freeholders present, to be Commissioner for the said Shire; and the said Henry Balcanquall, the Clerk, who is the proper Returning Officer, did immediately, agreeable to Law, after the said Election, tender a Return of the Petitioners Name to Mr. David Scott younger, of Hundilljhope, Sheriff Depute of the said Shire; and required him, under Form of Instrument, to receive and return the same: That a small Number of the said Freeholders, in a very irregular and extraordinary manner, separated themselves from the Majority, and pretended to give their Votes for Sir Alexander Murray, of Stanhope, Baronet: That the said David Scott, the Deputy Sheriff, has by Indenture betwixt him and the said Henry Balcanquall, returned the Petitioner, and no other Person ought to have been returned; but the said David Scott has also joined in an Indenture with one Alexander Shaw, and returned the said Six Alexander Murray, though the said Sir Alexander Murray was not duly elected; nor had the said Alexander Shaw any Colour of Right to join in any Indenture for making a Return of the said Sir Alexander Murray: That as well at, as since, the said Election, many unwarrantable and illegal Practices were made use of by, for, and in favour of the said Sir Alexander Murray, in order to procure himself to be elected and returned to serve in Parliament for the said Shire: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and order, that the pretended Return of the said Sir Alexander Murray may be taken from the said Writ, and the Petitioner s Return established; or give such other Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock,

Peebles

LJe&ion.

8 Geo. II. 3° Februarii.

345

! Lunacy 3* die Februarii}

Anno 8* Georgii II41 Regis, 1734.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Samuel Ertgel and John Peter Blaquiere was presented to the House, and read 1 setting forth, That the Petitioners were born out of his Majesty’s Allegiance; but have always proieffed the Protestant Religion, and given good Testimony of their Loyalty to his Majesty: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Janies Campbell and Sir Charles Turner do prepare* and bring in the fame.

A Petition of James Bertie Esquire and William Phipps Esquire, was pres'nted to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners, and the honourable George Evans Esquire, and John Bance Esquire, flood Candidates at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Westbury, in the County of Wilts: Tint, by undue and corrupt Means, John Edwards was appointed the Returning Officer of the said Borough; and, at the said Election of Burgesses, several Perlhns were admitted to poll for the said Mr. Evans and Mr. Bance, who had no Right so to do; and many Persons who had a Right to vote, and offered to poll for the Petitioners, were refused; by which corrupt Means, and by the great Partiality, and arbitrary Proceedings, of the said John Edzvards* who acted as Mayor of the said Borough; and by other corrupt and illegal Practices made use of by, and in favour of, the said Mr. Evans and Mr. Bance, they the said Mr. Evans and Mr. Bance are returned Burgesses for the said Borough, contrary to the !*;fl Determination of the House; to themunififi Prejudice oft he Petitioners, who were duly elected to represent the said Borough in this present Parliament, and therefore ought to have been returned accordingly, inHead of the said Mr. Evans and Mr. Bance: And praying the House to take their same into Consideration; and to give such Redress as to the House shall fresh meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Antony Chute of The Vine, in the , County of Southampton, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That at the Election of Knights of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Southampton, the honourable Harry Powlett Esquire, commonly called Lord llarry Powlett, S\rSimeon Stuart Baronet, Edward LiJle Esquire, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates: That a great Number of the Freeholders of the said County appeared, and gave their Votes for the Lord Harry Powlett, and the Petitioner; but the Agents for Mr. Lijle, and Sir Simeon Stuart, procured several Hundred Persons to vote for the said Mr. Lijle, and also for SirSimconStuart, who had no Right of voting for the said County; many of them not having received the Rents of the Estates of Freehold they voted for, nor been entitled so to do for a Year before such Election; others not having been assessed to the publick Taxes, Charges, and Parish Duties, or, if at all, not in such manner as by Law is required; others of them not having Freehold Estates; and several of them under the Age of One-and-twenty Years; by which means, and by several other indirect and unlawful Practices, the said Mr. Lijle appeared to have more Votes on the Poll than the Petitioner: That all, or very near all, the Persons not having Right to vote, did also vote for Sir Simeon Stuart; whereby also he appeared, on the Poll, to have more Votes Vol. 22.

than the Petitioner; whereas the Petitioner had a Majority, above both Mr. Lijle, and Sir Simeon Stuart, of the good and legal Votes of the Freeholders of the said County, and ought to have been returned with the Lord Harry Pozvlett; but the said Mr. Lijle procured himself to be returned with the said Lord Hariy Poiv~ left, to the great Injury of the Petitioner: And praying the House to take the Petitioner’s same into Consideration; and give Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon ThurJ'day the 24th Day of April next.

A Petition of Sir Simeon Stuart Baronet was pro- Southampton (bnted to the House, and read; setting forth, That the County honourable Harry Powlett Esquire, commonly called ,on* Lord Harrxf Powlett, and Antony Chute Esquire, as olio Edward Lijle Esquire, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates at the last f lection for Knights of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Southampton. That Richard Jervofce Esquire, the High SheriflT of the said County, his Deputies and Clerks, who were appointed by him to attend at, and take, the Poll, being influenced by the said Lord Harry Pozvlett, have wilfully omitted to insert, in the Poll Books, the Names of great Numbers of legal Voters who polled for the Petitioner; and have inserted the Names of many other legal Voters, as polled for the said Lord Hariy Poudett, who did not poll for him, but did poll for the Petitioner; and have admitted great Numbers to poll for the said Lord Harry Powlett, who had no Right; and many fictitious Names of Persons were inserted in such Poll Books, as polled for the said Lord Harry Pozvlett, who are utterly unknown in the said County, and are not to be heard of; whereby, and by many other illegal and unwarrantable Practices, both of the said Lord Harry Powlett, and the said High Sheriff, the said Lord Harry Pozvlett has procured himself to be returned for the said County, notwithstanding the Petitioner was duly elefled by a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned in the room of the said Lord Harru Powlett; to the great Injury and Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in Violation of the Laws for securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem most meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, at the Bar of this House, at the same time the Matter of the Petition of Antony Chute, of The Vine, in the County of Southampton, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, is appointed to be heard.

A Petition of Sir Francis Henry Drake Baronet was Tavistock presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Ejection. Charles Fane and Sydney Meadozvs Esquires, together with the Petitioner, flood Candidates at the last Election for Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of TaviJlocki in the County of Devon: That, notwithstanding the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned accordingly, yet the Agents of the said Sidney Meadows, by obtaining illegal Votes, by Bribery, Menaces, and other corrupt Practices, and by influencing John Edgecumbe, the Returning Officer of the said Borough, who acted in a mud partial manner, did procure the said Sidney Meadows to be returned; to the manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in open Violation of the Laws for securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

4 T A Petition

3° Februarii. A. 1734.

Sonthampton Jfr, Petition of Antony Henley Eli]uire was prefen ted We& n *° House, and read; setting forth, That Sir William ion" Heathcote, John Conduit Esquire, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates at the last EleCiion of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Town, and County of the Town, of Southampton, when the Petitioner had a Majority of Votes of the said Mr. Conduit; notwithstanding which, Joseph Ward, one of the Bailiffs, and Francis Cobet, Sheriff, of the said Town, have made an undue Return of the said Mr. Conduit, together with the said Sir Wm. Heathcote, to the manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner: That many indirect and unwarrantable Practices were made use of by, and in favour of, the said Mr. Conduit, in order to procure the said Mr. Conduit to be elected and returned for the said Town: And praying, That the Merits of the said Election and Return may forthwith be taken into Consideration; and that the Petitioner may have such Relief given him as shall be.just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Leommfter A Petition of Sir Robert Cornezvall Baronet was pre-EWffion. fented to the House, and read; setting^forth, That the Petitioner, Sir George Cafwall Knight, and Robert Har-tey Esquire, flood Candidates at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Jeominster, in the County of Hereford: That the said Sir George Cafwall and Mr. Harley, and their Friends and Agents, did, by several corrupt, arbitrary, illegal, and indirect Practices, procure several Persons to vote for them; and prevailed with several other Persons, who had a Right to poll, and would have voted for the Petitioner, to be absent, or to vote against the Petitioner; and that Persons, who were received to vote for the said Sir George Cafwall and Mr. Harley, had no Right to poll at the said Election: That, by reason of such Practices, the said Sir George Cafwall and Mr. Harley, have procured themselves to be returned Burgesses for the said Borough; to the manifest Wrong and Injury of the Petitioner, who had a Majority of legal Votes at the said Ele6iion: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that he may have such Relief as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

New Radnor A Petition of the Bailiff, and capital Burgesses, of the Ele&ioir. Borough of Nezv Radnor, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Burgesses of the said Borough, and also of the Burgesses of the Boroughs of Rayadei', Kevenlees, Knighton, and Knucklafs, within the County of Radnor, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That no Persons are capable of being Burgesses of the said Contributory Boroughs, but such as are Inhabitants thereof, and are presented by others of the Inhabitants at a Court Leet held for such Boroughs respectively, as lit Persons to be elected and sworn Burgesses of the fame; but that great Numbers of Persons, illegally made Burgesses, voted at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Nero Radnor; in Prejudice to the Right of the Petitioners, and the Constitution of the said Borough: And praying an Establishment of that Right.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

1189. }m3-

Tdk-»for,1,aNoeS:|S"^rf".

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition at the same time that they hear the Matter of the Petition of the Lord Viscount. Bateman, of the Kingdom of Ireland, and of the Petition of the Burgesses of Radnor, Knighton, Rayader, Knucklafs, and Kevenlees, severally complaining of an undue EleCiion, and Return for the said Borough of New Radnor.

A Petition of Richard Lyster and John My t ton Esquires Shrewsbury was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, tile^,on That the Petitioners, Handing Candidates at the lait EfeClion of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough o(Shi'eivJbunjy had a Majority of legal Votes:

That Sir Richard Corbett Baronet, and William Kinaston Esquire, who were also Candidates at the said EleCiion, were, by themselves, and divers other Persons acting as their Agents, guilty of several corrupt, illegal, and unwarrantable Pra6bices, in order to procure themselves to be then elected, and that John Imcou Esquire, who took upon himself to act as Mayor of the said Borough, and to whom the Precept was directed, did arbitrarily, corruptly, and illegally, refuse the Votes of divers ancient and legal Burgesses thereof, duly qualified to vote, and of several other Persons who had a Right to be admitted Burgessesof the said Borough, and demanded the fame; all which Persons then and there tendered themselves to vofe for the Petitioners, whose Votes ought, of Right, to haiye been received and allowed; and the said Mayor did also, in an arbitrary, corrupt, and illegal manner, admit several Persons, who were not legal Burgesses of the said Borough, to vote for the said Sir Richard Corbett, and William Kinaston, who ought not to have been so admitted, and allowed; and that, although the Petitioners were duly elected, and ought to have been returned by the said Mayor, yet he, by the Means aforesaid, did return the said Sir Richard Corbett, and William Kinaston-, and the Petitioners infill, that the said William Kinaston had not then, nor now hath, an Estate in Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, sufficient to qualify him to be a Member of the House of Commons:

And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give the Petitioners such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of John Neal Esquire was presented to Coventry the House, and read; setting forth. That Sir Adolphus Oughton Baronet, and John Bird Esquire, and the Petitioner, Hood Candidates at the last Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Coventry, when a Majority of Voters appeared for the Petitioner: That although the Petitioner, and his Friends, gave proper Directions, That, at the said Election, the Voters might come to the Place of Polling without Interruption 6r Molestation, yet a great Number of loose, idle, and difnrderly Persons, and such as had no Right of voting, assembled together at the time of the Election, being hired, as was supposed, for that Purpose, and behaved themselves in a violent and outrageous manner in favour of the said Sir Adolphus Oughton, and Mr. Bird; and the Peace Officers not only neglected, but refilled, to disperse them, notwithstanding the Magistrates gave Orders for that Purpose; whereby great Numbers of the Petitioner’s Voters, when they endeavoured to come to the Place of Polling, in or-, der to vote for the Petitioner, were assaulted and pushed back, and hindered from voting; whereupon the Petitioner

8 Geo. II. 3

tioner did often desire the Sheriffs of the said City to adjourn the Poll, that the Mob might be dispersed; but they ubfolutely refused it; and the Petitioner did likewise desire that the Book of Inrolment ndight be turned to (as was usual in all former Elections), to preveQt People polling that had no Right; but that was also refused; by which means great Numbers of Persons were polled die First Day, that had rio Right of Voting; while those that had a Right, and attempted to come up to vote for the Petitioner, were rejected, and now remain unpolled; to the manifest Prejudice of them, as well as the Petitioner; and great Numbers of Votes were procured for the said Sir Adolphus Ought on, and Mr. Bird, by most flagrant Bribery, and other corrupt Practices; particularly there were great Numbers of Papers pailed up in all publick Streets and Places of the said City, a few Days before the Election came an, in order to influence tue Electors to vote for Sir Adolphus Oughton, importing, That Sir Adolphus Oughton had obtained of the Recorder of the said City, that his Salary should be disposed of in Charity to poor Freemen; and that the same would be accordingly disposed of in June next, by the Mayor: That there was an undue Return pro* cured (without the Consent of the Petitioner, not Half the Freemen of the said City beins polled) for the said Sir Adolphus Oughton, and Mr. Iiird, to serve in this present Parliament, to the manifest Prejudice not only of the Petitioner, but of the said City: 'lhnt the fiiid Sir Adolphus Oughton, and Mr. bird, are not qualified to fit and vote in the House as the Law direc ts, by Estate that is bondtfide their own, and not made over fraudulently to serve the present Occasion, in order to evade the Law: And praying such Uedress in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many Hundred Freemen of the City of Covtnhy, was presented to the Ilonfe, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, being Freemen of the said City, and having an undoubted Right to vote for Members to represent them in Parliament, hoped they should have had Liberty to give their Votes freely, and without Molestation, for such Candidates as they thought best qualified for fc» great a Trust: That, by groat Riots and Tumults at the said Election, and oilier indirect Practices, contrary to the Laws of this Kingdom, some of the Petitioners, and many Hundred other Freemen of the said City, in the Interest of John Neale Esquire, were not suffered, nor was it possible for them, to come up to give their V otes, notwithstanding the y used their utmost Endeavours so to do, through the Violence of the Mob, made up of more People that had no Votes than of those that had, w hose Business there was chiefly to keep off and thrust away, such Freemen as were not in the Sitting Members Interest, and were relieved from time to time the whole Day; so that Mr. Neale could only get about Two hundred and Forty of his Friends polled, while iliey polled upward of Five hundred; and the Constables, placed within and without the Bar, instead of obeying the Magistrates, and suppressing the Mob, drove back Mr. NeaPs Men as they endeavoured to come up to poll; so that great Numbers, who came from London, and other remote Parts, were obliged to return home unpolled, being by these means, deprived of their just Rights; and a Return was made without Consent of the Candidates, and without calling up the Books; when, at the same time. Hundreds of unpolled Freemen demanded a Poil: That by these, and many other illegal Practices, particularly most barefaced Bribery and Corruption, the Petitioners humbly conceive they are deprived of their lawful Representative: And praying such Relief as to the Iloui'e shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Vo l. 22.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petitions upon Monday the Seventeenth Day of March next.

A Petition of William Gtoyn Vaughan Esquire Was Breton presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, Elediou. at the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the County of Brecon, John Jefferys Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates: That the said Election came on, af Brecon, the Twenty-second Day of May last, before Charles Vaughan Esquire, High Sheriff of the said County; and, a Poll being begun, the same continued till the Saturday following, when the Books were closed, and a Majority declared in favour of Mr. Jeferys, who with hi* Agents, and others, had been guilty of several Illegal and unwarrantable Practices, to procure himself elected and returned: That the said Sheriff, during the said Poll, acted in an illegal and arbitrary manner; refused several legal Votes for the Petitioner, and admitted a great Number of Perfom to poll for the Sitting Member, w ho had no Right thereto;

That the Petitioner had a considerable Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned accordingly:

Ami praying such Relief as the House shall judge most meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and FJeftions: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fume, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Sir James Cunnyngham Baronet was L;niithgow presented to the House, and read; setting forth, J That Election, the Freeholders of the County of Linlithgow having, upon the Thirty-first Day of May last, met and convened in the usual Place for choosing a Representative for the County, to serve in the present Parliament,

Alexander Hamillone, of Innerweek, Esquire, Coin-missioner for the said County, in the last Parliament, did illegally take upon him to call a Roll, in order to the Election of a Prafes, and a Clerk, to the said Meeting; which Roll was neither made up at auy anterior Meeting for electing a Commissioner to Parliament, nor at any legal Michaelmas Head Court for adjutting the Roll of Electors, as required in the Statutes made in that Behalf: That, by a Majority of legal Votes, George DundUis, of Dundas, Esquire, was electee! Prafes of the said Meeting; and Alexander Bell,

Town Clerk of the Burgh of Linlithgow, was elected Clerk thereof: That the Petitioner was elected Commissioner to represent the said County of Linlithgow in the present Parliament, by a Majority of fegal Voies:

That the said Alexander Beil, Clerk of the said Mee ting, did, immediately after the Election of the Petitioner, return the Nameof the Petitioner, as elected Commissioner for the County aforesaid, to Walter Hamillone, of West* port. Sheriff Depute of the said County, under the Right honourable Charles Earl of Ilopetozvn, Sheriff Principal thereof: That the said Walter Hamillone did, notwithstanding, take upon him to return the Name of the said Alexander Hamillone Esquire to the Clerk of the Crown, as elected Commissioner for the said County: That the Election of the said Alexander Hamillone Esquire, if any such Election was, was illegal and undue, the Petitioner having been elected by the Majority of legal Votes: That, further, the said Alexander Hamillone Esquire has no Title whatsoever either to elect, or be elected, a Commissioner for the said County: And praying the House to take the Premises, and the said undue Election and Return, into their Consideration; and to grant to the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition

Stirling

Election.

Ditto*

348 30 Februarii. 1734.

A Petition of Thomas Erf cine Esqtiirs was presented of Muiravingside, Advocate, William Don of Seabogs, to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Free- James Don of Bonnieside, Archibald Buchanan of Balfun-holders of the County of Stirling having, upon the fling, Thomas Dundas of Finga/k, Richard Wright of Thirtieth Day of May I a ft, met and convened in the Kersie, Alexander Monro of Auchenbawie, John M'Lauch-usual Place for choosing a Representative for the County lane of Auchenlroig, and John Gibb, Bailiie of Stirling, to serve in the present Parliament, Henry Cunningham, for Cotcan’s Hospital, Freeholders of the Shire of St in of Balquhaiu Representative in the Iaft Parliament, be- ling, was presented to the House, and read; complaining ing required to ask the Votes, for Prafes and Clerk, of of the Partiality of the said Henry Cunningham, in the such who appeared in the Sheriffs Books to be entitled Election of the said Prafes and Clerk; and alleging, to vote in these Questions, declared, He would call no That, under their Management, the Votes of several Roll, but such as he thought proper: Whereupon the Gentlemen, who had undoubted Right to vote, were Majority of the Freeholders then present protested, that refused; and the Votes of others, who had no Right, such Procedure was contrary to the Freedom of Elec^ were admitted; and that by these, and other illegal tions: That the said Henry Cunningham having pro- Practices, the said Sir James Campbell was, by the said ceeded to ask the Votes by a Roll in his Hands neither Prafes and Clerk, the said Hemy Cunningham, and signed by the Sheriff, nor his Clerk, it appeared, be had certain of their Assistants, declared to be duly elected called the Names of several Persons according to no to serve in Parliament for the said County, though the Rule but his own Will and Pleasure: That, this irre- said Thomas Erskine had a Majority of legal Votes: gular Procedure being complained of, the said Henry And therefore praying the House to take tile Premises Cunningham pretended, that some of the Persons, whom into Consideration; and to give the Petitioners such he was complained of for calling, had been inrolled at Relief as to the House shall feein meet, a former Election, and appeared as such upon the Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the

Sheriff’s Books; but the Truth is, and so it appears Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and from the said Books, That the said Persons* whose Names Elections: And that they do examine the Matters were called by the said Henry Cunningham, had been thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion wrongously inrolled by a few of the Freeholders, who, thereupon, to the House.

at the last Election, upon the 14th of September 1727, f

Jiad unduly withdrawn themselves from the Freeholders A Petition of Archibald Ogilvy, of Rothdmay, Esquirfc, Bamf

of the County, after conliituting of the Meeting) by was presented to the House, and read; sett ing forth; Eltdioa. choosing of Prafes and Clerk; and although those That, on the Day of Meeting of the Freeholders of the Freeholders) who had withdrawn themselves thus, pre- Shire of Bamf to elect their Representative to serve tended to make a separate Election, yet no Return fol- in this present Parliament, James Abercrombie of Glaf-lowed upon the fame, and so could not be deemed a faugh, and the Petitioner, did declare themselves Can-Meeting of Freeholders for Elections; arid, by such dictates: That, in order to detain some of the Free-undue Means, a Clerk and Prafes was chosen, as the holders, who were in the Petitioner’s Interest, from being Petitioner is advised, contrary to Law: That, upon the present at the Election, several violent and unlawful Choosing of the said Prafes and Clerk, several of the Acts were committed upon the Persons of these Free-Freeholders present required, that the whole Freeholders holders, on the Part of, and by, the said James Aber~ should take and subscribe the Oath directed to betaken crombie, or others in his Interest, or in Combination by the Act of the Seventh of the King, as likewise the with him; particularly, in the Morning of the said Day other Oath appointed to betaken by the Act, made in of Election, as Peter Grant of Den lug as, and Theodore the 2d of the King, for preventing of Bribery and Cor- Morifon of Bogney, Two of the Freeholders in the In-ruption; But, several of the Freeholders delaying to... . terest of the Petitioner, were coming towards the Town such Oaths, and the said Henry Cunningham declaring, of Bamf in order to attend their Duty at the Election, that there was no Occasion for taking, those Oaths be- attended only with Two Servants, without any Arms, fore the Roils were made up, the other Freeholders they were attacked within Three Miles of the Town of present, who voted for the Petitioner, declared that they Bamf when riding peaceably along the King’s High were willing, before proceeding on the Rolls, to take the Road, by a Company of Men armed with Swords and said Oaths; and required the said Henry Cunningham to Pistols, Part of them on Horseback, and Part on Foot, administer the same, which he refused to do: That, by who laid hold on their Bridles, and Hopped their Horses; such undue Procedure, the Roll for the Election came to and, when the said Peter Grant's Servant endeavoured to be made up as the said Henry Cunningham and his get free his Mailer’s Horse, and relieve him from their Clerk, and such of the Freeholders who were in the In- Hands, several of them drew their Pistols; struck him, terest of Sir Janies Campbell, thought fit, by rejecting, the Servant, with the Butt of them; and threatened to and expunging from the Rolls, such Freeholders, who, ihoot him dead on the Place, unless he quitted his by the Laws of Scotland, were well entitled to vote at Mailer’s Horse, and suffer* them to carry him away; Elections; and by admitting, and receiving upon the and thereafter one of them ipounted on the said Peter Rolls, several other Persons who had no Title to be ad- Grant's Horse behind him, and other Two took hold mitted, or received upon the Roll: That the Petitioner of the Bridle, and carried him away, by Violence, to was duly elected Member to serve in this present Par- the House of James Duff of Craigstoun, who is Brotlier-liament for the County of Stirling; and that Sir James in-law to the said James Abercrombie, where they de-Campbell, of Ardkinlafs, Baronet, was not duly elected, tained him in Custody for several Hours; until, at last, notwithstanding the Return made by the Sheriff of the ho was relieved by a Party of Men, lent, by Order of said County, in favour of the said Sir James Campbell: the Sheriff, to recover him out of their Hands; by

And praying the House would take the Premises into which Violence he was detained from attending at the Consideration; and give the Petitioner such Relief as E!e6tion, until several of the most material Steps were shall seem meet. over, such as the electing the PraJ'es and Clerk, who,

by Law, is the Returning Officer; and only got into

A Petition of Sir George Dunbar of Aiochrum, Sir the Meeting a little before the Election was totally con-Alexander Hope of Kerfe,$\v Archibald Primrose of Dun- eluded: That William Duff of Bracco~\vas elected nipace, Mr. James Greme of Airth, John Glass of Sau- Prafes in the Meeting; and he, and others in Combina-chie, John Graham of Dougaldfion, Sir Michael Bruce of tion with him, several of whom had no Right to vote, Stenehouse, Mr. James Grfl//a?wcjunior, Advocate, James took upon them to make up the Roll of Voters in such Graham of Buchlivie, Mr. James Grahame younger, of Manner as they thought fit; including therein several Buchlivie, Advocate, Mr. James Erf cine, of Grange, Ad- Persons in the Interest of the said James Abercrombie, vocate, John Grahame of Kilcarne, Hugh Palerson, of who had neither Right to vote, nor produced any Bannockburn, younger, James Dundas of Cqftlecarry, Title or Qualification in manner required by Law; and John Dundas of Manno, John Erskine of Balgounie, excluding several others, who appeared in the Interest George Prefione of Valleyfield, junior, Mr. John M‘Cod, of the Petitioner, and had undoubted Right to vote;

8 Geo. II, 3° — 40 Felruarii.

349

anil many other unwarrantable and illegal Practices were m ale tile of by, for, and ill favour of, tli-J* laid James Ihcrcromlke, m order to procure him to be elected an«l returned to serve fur the said County: Tint, nff-withstanding the Majority of legal Voters was on the Side of the Pct:tiomr, and gave, or oflu red, their Votes for him; yet, nevertheless, Alexander limes Sheriff Clerk of Bats, and Clerk elected to the Meeting, hath taken upon him to return the said James Abercrombie as Knight e!ifled to serve in this present Parliament for the said County, and the said James Abercrombie is so returned by the Mu-rdf; in mnnifeft Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the Freeholders of the Shire, of the Commons of (ireat Britain, and of the Petitioner, who was duly eleeted, and ought to have been returned accordingly, in the place of the said James Abercrombie: And praying the House to take the Premises under Consideration; and to allow the Petitioner such Relief as to the Hotife shall seem proper.

A Petition of the Barons and Freeholders of the Shire of Bums was prt ft nted to the House, and read; complaining of the said A (fault made upon, and of the Detainer of, the said Theodore Mori fun and Peter Grant; and alleging. That the said William Doff, Phr/es, and tlit* said James Abercrombie, refused, in Court, to purge rhcinfclws, 11 pon Oath, of their being Aiders and Abet-tors of bribery and Corruption at llu- said Elc&ioil; and that by them, m.d others in Combination with them, several on the Roll having been admitted to vote as Hectors, who had no Pretence or Title; in Law to be Freeholders or Electors; and others, who had undoubted Voles, having been disallowed; the said James Abercrombie was returned by the Clerk of the Meeting, and Sheriff, as duly ele6b"l to represent the said County, though the said Arcin' dd ()gilvy was fairly chosen by the Plurality of legal \ otes: And praying the House to take the Premises into Cunliueration; and to allow the Petitioners such Rebel as to the House shall fectn proper.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Sections: And tint they do examine the Matters thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Medh/cott the elder, Esquire, was presented to tin* House. and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner Hood as Candidate, with l/'w. Lock Esquire, nt the late Election of Bcrgelles to serve in tins present Parliament for the Borough of Milbom Port, and Thomas Medlicott of Venn, and Michael liar-vnt, Esquires, did also stand Candidates at the Lift Election: That the said Thomas Medh/cott of Venn, and Michael Harem, by divers arbitrary, illegal, and unwarrantable Practices, by themselves, and their Agents, procured many of the Voters to poll for them, who would otherwise have voted for :hc Petitioner; and did, by their Influence over the Returning Officers, perftiade them to admit of many Persons to vote for them who had not the leali Right so to do; and, in consequence of these arbitrary, ilk-gal, and unwarrantable Proceedings, the said Thomas Medlicott of Venn, and the said Michael Haney, have procured themselves to be returned as Members to serve in this present Parliament in Prejudice of the Petitioner, who had an undoubted Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been accordingly returned: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition at the same time they hear the Matter of the Petition of William Lock Esquire, complaining of an undue Vol. 22.

Election and Return for the said Borough of Milbom Port.

A Petition of several Freeholders, whose Names are York thereunto subscribed, of the County of York, in behalf Ele&Uu1* of themselves, and other Freeholders of the said County* was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That, at the lad Election of Knights of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the said County, Sir Miles Slapylton Baronet, Sir Rowland Wynn Baronet,

Eduard Wort ley Esquire and Clmlmley Turner Esquire, stood Candidates; when a great Number of Freeholders appeared, and gave their V otes for the said Mr. Wort-ley; hut many Persons were admitted to poll for the said Mr. Turner, w ho had no Right so to do; and before, and at the said Election, many undue Influences, and other illegal, corrupt, and unwarrantable PracTces, were made use of by the Lord Lieutenants, Justices of the Peace, Pollmasters, Excisemen, and other Persons, of the said Comity, in favour of the said Mr. Turner; by which, anti other indirect Means, the said Mr. Turner is returned one of the Members to serve for the said County, instead of the said Mr. Wortlcy, who was duly eltcUd to serve for the said County, by a Majority of legal Votes; and therefore ought, as the Petitioners humbly conceive, to have been returned, in the place of the said Mr. Turner: Therefore, and in regard the Petitioners are not duly represented in Parliament, and the Freedom of Election for the said County having been violated and invaded, as aforesaid, praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and give such Rediefs therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House at the same time the Matter of the Petition of Sir Rowland Wynn Baronet; and of the Petition of the several Persons whose Names me thereunto subscribed. Freeholders of the County of York, in behalf of themselves, and several Thou lauds more, Freeholders of the same County, le-verally complaining of an undue EIe6tion and Return for the said County, is appointed to be heard.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider of the Motion, made on Friday last, that a Supply he granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That his Majesty s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolve itself into the said Committee

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles I urner reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 40 die Februarii;

Anno 8* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1734.

Prayers.

SIR James Campbell, according to Order, presented Engel's to the House a Bill for naturalizing Samuel Engel Ac/Nat. and John Peter Blaquiei'e: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Robert Coke and William Morden Esquires; and also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Free- Norfolk holders of the County of Norfolk. w hose Names are Election^ 4 U J thereunto

4* Februarii.

thereunto subscribed, in behalf of them selves, and of a great Number more of the Freeholders of the said County;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; i setting forth, That, at the last Election of Members

to serve in Parliament for the County of Norfolk,

Sir Edmund Bacon, William WoodhouJc Esquire, and the Petitioners Robert Coke, and Wm. Morden flood Candidates; and that the Petitioners, Robert Coke a»d IVm. Morden had an undoubted Majority of true and legal Voters for them, and ought therefore to have been returned as Representatives in Parliament for the said County; but a great Number of Persons, not qualified by Law to vote at the said EieCfcion, being procured, and having voted for the said Sir Edmund Bacon, and William Woodhouse Esquire; by which, and many other undue, corrupt, and illegal Practices, a pretended Majority appearing upon the Poll for the said Sir Edmund Bacon, and William Woodhouse Esquire, they were thereupon returned to serve in Parliament for the said County; to the great Prejudice of the P etitioners: And praying such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elec-lions And that they do examine the Matters thereof;

» and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Penryn A Petition of Robert Trefufis and Edward Vernon Eledhon. Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, Sir Richard Mill Baronet, and John Clavering Esquire, and the Petitioners, flood Candidates: That many indireCl, corrupt, and illegal, Practices were made use of, before and at the said Election, in Favour of the said Sir Richard Mill, and Mr. Clavering, in order to procure them to be elected and returned; and they, the said Sir Richard Mill, and Mr. Clavering, are returned accordingly, as Representatives of the said Borough; in Prejudice to the Petitioners, who were duly elected to represent the said Borough by a Majority of legal Votes, and therefore ought to have been returned inliead of the said Sir Richard Mill, and Mr.

ClaDering: And praying the House to take the Pre-miles into Consideration, and give the Petitioners such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

L£l«dioDW Petition of George Dundas, of Dundas, Alexander 8 l0D* Hamiltone of Penicaitland, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Freeholders of the Shire of Linlithgow, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Shire, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be" an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition, at the same time they hear the Matter of the Petition of Sir James Cunnynghame Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Shire of Linlithgow.

1734-

remained; distinguishing each Year; and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof. e

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lav before this House, an Account of what Arrears of Duties upon Houses were (landing out at Christmas last; with the Names of the respective Receivers, in whose Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguishing each Year, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported Supply, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth

agree with the Committee in the said liesolution, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty. i

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy and; Navy, for the Year 1735, with the Half-pay of the AnnyEfi'j Officers of the Navy and Marines, be laid before this mits' House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and Laud Forces, for the Year 1735, belaid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1735, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers, who are to be in Half-pay, for the Year 1735, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate be laid before this House, of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1735.

Ordered, That a State of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy Navy, as it flood at Christmas last, be laid before this Debt. House.

Ordered, That an Account belaid before this House, Surpluflc shewing the Monies arisen within the respective half Years, ending at Lady-day and Michaelmas last past, as well of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the South Sea Fund; as also of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the General Fund,

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House,

shewing how the Money, given for the Service of the oftoi Year 1734, hath been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads.

Ordered, That an Account of the Services incurred, ^nic and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this Uflpr0T11 House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, the said Estimates, Lift, State, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty \s moll honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, a State of the yearly Revenue and Expence of jjofp Greenwich Hospital.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Hou fe, an Account, shew i n g how the M oney, gran ted last Session

and Tax Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this Arrears. House, an Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were standing out at Christmas last; with the Names of the respective Receivers, in whose Hands the said Arrears

8 Geo. II. 4° — 5° Februarii. ' 351

Session of Parliament for Greenwich Hospital, has been disposed of.

Ordered, That the Treasurer of Greemcich I lospital do lay before this House, an Account of what Money has been received by him on Account of the said Hospital, from Chrijhnas 1733 to Christmas 1734; and how the same 1ms been applied.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the Thirty-fn ft of December 1733, to the Thirty-first of December 1734, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what muttered, in the said Service.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 50 die Februarii;

Anno 8* Georgii IIJ‘ Regis, 1734.

Pea v t its.

AP E T I TI O N of Charles Cochrane, of Ochillriejn the Shire of Air, Esquire, w as presented to the House and read; felling forth, That the Petitioner was a Candidate at the last Kh ftioti of a Commidinner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Air, winch was held at Air the *3*! Day o(May last: That the honourable Colone l James Campbell was also a Candidate at the said Kleftion, though, as the Petitioner was informed, and docs believe, he had not then any Estate, in his own Right, in the said Shire, whereby lie was capable of being clewed a Member of Parliament: That, although pnfonal Notice was given to the said Colonel James Campbell, on the 17th Day of Map last, That an Objection would be made, at the time of the Election, that lie was not qualified to be elected, and the said Objt Clion was accordingly made, yet he did not think fit to appear; blit, by (liters undue Practices, procured himseli t«> b» ri turned as elected Commissionrr to III \e in Parliament for the said Shire; That the Petitioner was duly elected Commissioner to serve for the said lire of Air, at tl:e IV.id last Election, and was e titled to be returned, and several Protefis were taken against the Election of the said Colonel James Campbell: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioner such Relief as to the House tliall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; ami report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That that the late and present Treasurer of the Navy do lay before this House, an Account of what Money has been ordered by the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, and received by them, respectively, for any Services of the Navy, from the 31st of December 1733 to the 31st of December 1734; distin-guishing the Times when the same was received, and the Services to which it was applied.

A Petition of the Matters, Workmen, and other Persons, concerned in the Woollen and Silk Manufactures w iihin the Cities of London ax\&Westminster,*i\& Borough of Southwark, in behalf of themselves, and all other Persons concerned in the said Manufacture throughout Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the unlawful Exportation of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland, and of Woollen Goods com-pldely manufactured from Ireland to foreign Countries: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to provide such Remedies, and Vol. 22.

to give the Petitioners such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wiflymott, Mr. Thomnfon, Mr. Earle, Mr. Winning to??, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Byng, Mr. Gildarl, Mr. R rereton, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Scrope. Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Ijeheup, Mr. Sfert. Mr. Goddard, Mr. Smelt, Mr. Trenehard, Mr. Harley, Mr. Fox, Mr. Heron, Mr. Lind say, Mr. Drummond\ Sir James Ferguson, Sir Wm. Jolliffe, Mr. Papillon, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Treby, Lord Fere Beauclerk, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Wolladon, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Danversy Sir Hen. Slingsby, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Bird, Mr. Ingram, Sir Francis Boynton, Sir James Loiot her, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. I lucks, Sir Hen. Hoghton, Mr. Campbell of Pembr. Mr. Gybbon, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Ball, Mr. Longueville, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Bacon, Sir Nath. Curzon, Mr. Ashley, Sir Wm. Staple tony Mr. Lyster, Lord Polwarth, Mr. Copplefiony Mr. Archer% Mr, Yorke, Mr. Hume Campbell. Mr. Kynafin?, Sir John Sheila, Mr. Corbet, Mr. Wood house, Mr. Sandy*, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Rotle, Lord Noel Somerset, Sir Edward Derring. Mr. Scmven, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Abr. Elton, Lord Morpeth, Sir James Grant, Sir Thomas Sandtrfon, Sir Wm. Clayton, Sir Thomas Ajl on; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all that come are to have Voices.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do coiTider the Laws in being to prevent the clamlestine Exportation of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland; and what further Provisions may be necessary for the better preventing thereof.

A Complaint being made to the House, That the Privilege: Clerk in Court of Oliver S/ocock, a menial Servant to Mr.

Alderman Par fans, a Member of this House, hath been served with a Subpoena to make a better Answer, at the Suit of Jonathan Ford, in a Cause depending in the Court of Chancery, wherein Joshua Sharp, is Solicitor, and Thomas Whitfield, Clerk in Court, for the said Jonathan Ford, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Electionsto examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of James Comcwall Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the late E c ,#B* Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of ITeobly, Sir John Buckworth Baronet, Mr.

Serjeant Birch, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; when the said Mr. Birchy by Bribery and Corruption, and other indirect and illegal Practices, procured him-fdfto be returned; to the great Detriment of the Petitioner, who had the Majority, upon the Poll, of fair and legal Votes; And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and such Relief therein '

as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Charles Child Esquire was presented to Guildford the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner Election, flood as a Candidate at the late Election of Members, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Guildford, in the County of Surrey, together with the honourable Richard Onslow Esquire, and ColonelRichard Onslow: That the honourable Richard Onslow, at the

time

355 5° FebruanA. 1734.

time of the said EleeKon, was incapable of (landing a Candidate, being- under the Age of Twenty-one Years; and that the Petitioner and his Agents publickly declared the same to the Electors at the time of the said Election: That Henry Flutter, then Mayor of the said Borough, refused to admit divers Persons to poll for 1 he Petitioner, who were duly qualified, and tendered their Votes in Behalf of the Petitioner; and did also admit divers other Persons to poll for the said honour-nb/e Richard Onjloiv, who had no Right so to do: That, by these and other indirect Practices, the said honourable Richard Onslow procured himself to be returned, to the Injury of the Petitioner: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Relief as shall bethought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition upon Monday the Third Day of March next;

The House divided:

The Yeas went forth:

Tellers for .1,. Ye.s, {

Teller, for he Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, that their Address of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the several Estimates, Lift, State, and Accounts, therein mentioned, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions to the proper Officers to lay the same before this House,

Sir Charles Wager, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty;

An Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on the Thirty-first of December 1734: And also.

An Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Yrear 1735.

A nd the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on the 31st of December 1734, is as follows; viz.

N Navy Office An ESTIMATE of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter mentioned, 3d February 1734. J as it flood on the 31 ft of December 1734.

Anftver to Addieu.

Navy Debt.

Ordinary of Navy.

HEADS of the Naval ESTIMATES.

Particulars.

Wear and Tear, ordinary and extraordinary Repairs.

d.

Due, to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, life, supplied for the Service thereof -To pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the said Course, for Premiums, allowed by Act of Parliament, on Naval Stores -

For Freight of Tenders, and for Stores delivered into his Ma-

jessy’s foveral Yards, &c. for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1734J as also, to several Bills of Exchange -

To his Majesty’s Yards, and Rope-Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary thereof -

For Half-pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment, made by his late Majesty in Council on that behalf

146,404-----'

14,865-----

25,17a-----

98,152-----

i'7*5i8 16 3

Seamens Wages.

Due, to pay the Men, &c. unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off -To Ships in Sea Pay on the abovesaid 3 ift December 1734 To discharge and pay off all the Bills entered in Course, for Pilotage, Surgeons Necessaries, Bounties to Widows and Orphans of Men flain at Sea, &c. on the Head of Seamens Wages

11,376 16 5

456,486-----

12,450 10 —

total.

1- d.

0.02,1 11 16

480,313 6 5

Victualling Debt, asperEstimate received from those Commissioners; Due for short Allowance to the Companies of his Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off ——

For paying off all the Bills, entered on their Course For necessary Money, extra-necessary Money, and Contingencies To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports -

15*665 13 —

r39*7°3 17 8

2,065 5 9

8,217 18 —

165,652 14 5

Sick and Hurt, the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from

those Commissioners; viz.

Due for the Quarters and Cure offick and hurt Seamen, sent affiore from"} his Majesty’s Fleet, and Contingencies relating to the said Service -j

The Total amounts to the Sum of Nine hundred Sixty-two thou-T sand Three hundred Forty-three Pounds Ten Shillings and Five } Pence -

From whence deducing the Money in the Trea-} furers Hands - f as on the

And also the Money that has sincebeen received f other Side f and what remains to be issued - - j

The net Debt will then beSixhundred Ninety-three thousand Five hun-} died and Two Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Five Pence Halfpenny)

77*399

191,441

Richard Haddock, Ja. Ac Thomas Pear/c, J, Fancier, Ro. Byng, Vere Beauclerk.

- 14,265 13 4

961,343 10 5

5 . 268,840 10 111

I- 693,502 l9 bi

Memorandum:

Memorandum: There was remaining in the late and present Treasurers of the Navy’s Hand?, on the 31st December 1734* *n Money, as under mentioned; and may be reckoned

towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy;

o

to

a

co' n'

O"

.0

O

a'

On the Heads of

In what T RE AS URER’s Hands. In M O N E Y. Wear ami 'War, and Ordinary. Seamens Wages. Visual*. TOTAL.

Trustees for Mr. Hampden's Estate I11 Money L *' L * 25.25' '3 2} £. 629 9 6 L * 25,881 2 8}

Right honourable Patlee Lord Viscount S In Money ----- 3,348 16 7} 8,030 17 1 132 16 60 j V k 11,786 3 81

Torrington - - - D° towards the Debt offickand hurt Seamen - 73 *3 5 - - - 5!

Right honourable Arthur Onslow Esquire - In Money ----- 9>459 *4 7i 22,039 8 00 <Ti CO

D* towards the Debt of sick and hurt Seamen - '.355 " 9 r i 39,732 1 >i

L 13,008 II 3 56,751 3 6 7.639 12 9i 77-399 7 6 i

C-n

o

N. B. There remained, on the 31st December last, to come in of the Supplies of the Year

£ s. d.

'9'»44* 3 5

Of which there has been since received; viz.

1734, January 9th, for Payment of Three Months course of the Navy, and Victualling, due the 30th September last D° 16th, for making Payments on the Head of Seamens Wages ....

So that, at this time, there remains to be issued the Sum of--.--.

s

126,411 — 8,000 —

d.

~ 1134.41* —

£ 57»°3° 3 5

H

a>

<-Tl

308

Seamen

employed.

354

5° Febtuarii.

A. 1734.

I.

The Abstract of the Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1735, is as follows; viz.

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the^Year 1735.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High

- 4,880 IO 6

- 4,014

- 3*5°7 7 O

3,082 n 4

- 2,517 8 8

14 6

/ 4 6

2,5°3 5 6

Admiral of Great Britain, &c. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, and Instruments and Contingencies relating thereto -Superannuated Sea Officers -Pensions, and other Allowances -

r Chatham, -

1 Deptford\....

v T 1 Woolioich, - -

Yards Portsmouth,....

J Sheerness, -

L Plymouth, -

10. Mtifter-masters, and other Officers of the Out Ports

11. Wages to Ships and Vessels in ordinary

12. Victuals to the Officers and Men serving therein -

13. Charge of the Harbour Moorings -

14. Ordinary Repairs of his Majesty's Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, Build-

ings, &c. -

15. Ordinary Charge of Sick and Hurt Seamen -

16. Half-pay to Sea Officers.....-

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1735 To which may be added.

For defraying the Expence in maintaining, in the Royal Hospital of Greenwich, an additional Number of disabled Seamen taken, and to be taken, into it, who are worn out, and become decrepit, in the Service of their Country, there being now Nine hundred poor Seamen maintained in the said Hospital; and also for a sufficient Number of Nurses, being the Widows of Officers, and poor Seamen; and for carrying on the Buildings, and other Incidents, of the said Hospital; for the Year 1735; Ten thousand Pounds - -

d.

£ * 28,062 14 8,894 10

17*583 11 8

2,992 12 7 26,528 15 9 11,059 10 — 18,444 -

59,280 — — 1,068 35 — 25,000 — —

' 198,914 9 7

10,000-----

C 208,914 9 7

And then the Total of the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1735,amounts to Two , hundred and Eight thousand Ninehundred Fourteen Pounds Nine Shillings and Seven Pence.

Richard Haddock, Ja. Acworth, Thomas Pearfcy J. Fawler, Ro. Byng, Vere Beauclerk.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1735, is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Pearfe, from the Commissioners of the Navy, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Number of Seamen erhployed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the Fiflft of January 1733 to the Thirty-first of December 1734, upon a Medium of each Month; dist what Number were borne, and what muttered, in the said Service.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Smelt presented to the House, pursuant to their Od Address to his Majesty, an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1735.

And the Title thereof was read.

The feid Account is as follows; viz.

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1735. LAND SERVICE.

Ordinary of the Office, comprising Repairs of Storehouses, s. d.

Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons,

Rents, Salaries, and other incident Charges - - 38,835 7 6"

Establishments at Mahon, Gibraltar, Annapolis, Placentia, and North Britain - ----- 9,962 3 9

Half Pay of the Officers that have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, Spain, and on several Expeditions.....- 462 it 6

£- s-

49,260 3

d:

9

EXTRAORDINARIES.

Towards carrying on the Fortifications and new Barracks at Gibraltar -

Towards carrying on the Fortifications, and Repairs of Storehouses -

r Mahon ->at < Annapolis J i Placentia

10.000 — —

5.000 — —

700-----

300-----

16,000-----

Towards rebuilding and repairing the Fortifications at Sheerness Towards building and repairing the Fortifications, at Portsmouth Towards carrying on the new Fortifications and Barracks at Bort Augustus,

in the Highlands of Scotland....

One hundred Tons of Saltpetre -

3.000 — — -

5.000 — —

2,000 — — 4,500 —

79*760 3 9

Exceeding;

8 Geo. II.

5* — 6° Fe

355

Brought over

Exceedings; for which no Allowance hath been made by Parliament. Shot sent to the Island of Antigua, by his Majesty's Order in Council, dated 20th March 1733-4 Arms and Tents supplied the Six Independent Companies sent to Jamaica, and the Two Companies there, by his Majesty’s Warrants, dated jth and 22d July

1734 ....

Additional Powder and Stores sent by his Majesty’s') t $ Mahon Warrants, dated the 22d July 1734 - y 4Gibraltar

Arms supplied the additional Men, to the Eight Regiments of Foot lately come from Irelandt by his Majesty’s Warrant, dated ift of November 1734

Cha. Wills, John Armstrong,

Geo. Gregory, L. Smelt, IV. R. Earle.

79,760

d.

9

3H — —

24>693

£ '04,4r> 3 5 3

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovts, 6° die Februarii;

Anno 8* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1734.

Pray ras.

O A MU EL Engel and John Peter Blaquiere took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalizat ion.

A Petition of Alexander Macdcwall, of Garthlandy Esquire, waspresented to the House. and read; setting forth. That, at the late Election of a Representative to Parliament for the Shire of Wigtoun, upon the 23d Day of May 1734, the honourable Colonel IVm. Dairy tuple, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates: That the said Colonel Wm. Dalt ymple (l>eing sensible how necessary it was, for the Purpose of his Election, to have the Prafes and Clerk chosen of such as he could depend upon to be entirely under his Direction and Influence; and being likewisr* certain, that he should not be able to carry either of these, if the Votes of such were fairly demanded, as had an unquestionable Right to vote in the Choice of Prafes and Clerk) did, as Commissioner to the last Parliament, and, as such, authorized by Law to preside in any Meeting of Freeholders, in order to their Election of a Representative to Parliament, before choosing of Prafes and Clerk, in Concert with some others oT his Associates, take upon him to call the Votes for choosing of Prafts and Clerk by the Roll of the last Election in the Year 1727; excluding all other undoubted Freeholders of the County, for no Reason but because they were not present at the last Election; though, as there was then no Struggle in the Country, that Meeting did consist mostly of Colonel Daltymple's own Friends, who came there at his Desire; while other undoubted Freeholders, who had voted at former Elections, and flood upon the Roll, were not present: That the Act of Parliament in Scotland, 1681, expressly directs the Freeholder^ in the respective Counties to convene at Michaelmas yearly, to make up the Rolls of Freeholders: That, agreeable to the Terms of this Act, it was, by a late Resolution of the House of Commons, declared, That the Right of Election of a Prafes and Clerk is in such Persons as fraud upon the Roll last made up by the Freeholders at the Michaelmas Head Court, or at the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament: That, iu consequence of the said ACT and Ilefo-lution, the Rolls were regularly made up, by the Freeholders of the said County, at Michaelmas before the said Election: That these Rolls were the last made up, and every Person there inrolled was entitled to a Voice in the Choice of Prafes and Clerk at the said Election; notwithstanding of which, the said Colonel William Dalrymple refused to call these Rolls, though often required, or to take the Vote of any Freeholder, but such as voted Vol. 22.

at his last Election in the Year 1727: That a Protest being taken in Form agaitift this arbitrary and tmjufti-fiable Proceeding; and the said Colonel William Dtil-rymple being determined not to exercise, according to Law, the Power given him, as last Representative, to preside over the Freeholders in the Choice of Prafes and Clerk; the Majority of the Freeholders nrefent, legally qualified to vote, empowered Patrick Slackie, Provost of the Burgh of Wigtoun, to supply his Place, and to take the Votes of all who had Voices for choosing Prafes and Clerk: That thereupon John Sleuart of Castle Stenart was duly clected Prafes; and John Dun, Writer iu Wigtoun, was duly eiefted Clerk: That, by this, the only regularly constituted Meeting of Freeholders at the said Election, the Petitioner was chose the Repre-fentative of the said County in this present Parliament; and was accordingly returned, by the said John Dun, to Captain Andrew Agnezv, of Lochnaw, the High Sheriff; who refused to accept of a Return of the Petitioner from the said John Dun, but took a Return of the said Colonel William Dalrymple from Patrick Ag~ neic, which he has annexed to the Writ, and returned into the Court out of which the Writ issued; though the Fleftion of the said Patrick Agnezo to be Clerk, and the Constitution of that Meeting of Freeholders, by which the said Colonel William Dalrymple pretended to be chose, were founded in Violation of a positive Act of Parliament, and in Defiance of a Resolution of the House of Commons: And praying the House to take the Premises into their immediate Consideration; and give the Petitioner such Relief as the Circumstances of the same requires.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in his Majesty's Debton Gaol of Newgale, in the County of Bristol, in behalf of Petition, themselves, and Thousands in the several Gaols in tin’s Kingdom, and of such as have fled to other Countries for fear of Arrest, and a miserable Confinement for Life, who are willing to surrender up all their Effects, in Discharge of their Debts, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Imprisonment, and of several Defects in the Act for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons:

And therefore praying a Remedy.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being moved, That the standing Orders Members) of the House, made the Twenty-first Day of November 1717, in relation to the Qualification of Members, might be read;

The same were read accordingly,

Hefolved, That, on the Petition of any Elector or Electors for any County, City, or Place, fending Members to Parliament, complaining of an undue Election and Return; and alleging, That some other Person was duly eiefted, and ought to have been returned; the Sitting Member, so complained of, may demand, and examine

twciV».

t»e Q.«a\\f\cat\o

r e:\eeted., Y-V-v>

fself pet\t\oxved.

'v‘*s V<_e- C, »Vvi t\.

of the V\ovxVc -£ presented to tV».e Vt

nsiTT, V,.

s «\\roo<,___ ,

t-'xe -ttVA Xol\.aLT\t

-Pvo S'

-Pvo. ^c. c.oxvot, tvo"« >sV«:

\ew o^ YavVva.w\eet, Sov Civec «V\^y>^V«--A o? -. JX^ovV vsX'Co

.taLto ot tVxe evx\r\y XVe it-U Y.\.otvvtai\.

/VvvvV We — V \v\e-A oit \>cvi x- xow\.

Vvxv»V Jv. c.oo-wo\. vv

ST\ce oi

~ SV<XXWoA V\vo

~c* t^wx: ^vvojcvc

_ _ k S° *W\\.OT\u\ »V\^w\ A ^«A

V«ov Searttex., Sox Qkoo

xW ^feVSyow oS: Y xvx\x»-'CCv'vs>x oS: -AW 0x0.0^ o'L Wxo Vxoxvoov«»XA‘

1 V?VCi^-=

stnalns

xt\d.\rp ofed

'-c^wSys e: oS.

\Q>Vi —

~ -V VbQ<2-

o^e.

YLo^\Va\

tvs

V'^"X VW‘ tQ*v xX ScpicmV,. x-^x,

T\vo. CoT\stU.

A STATE of the yearly Revenue and Expence of Greenwichllospital; prepared in ptirttiance of an Order of the honourable House of Commons, of the 4th In ft ant.

Estimate of the Revenue:

The Six Pence a Man per Men fern, of 10,000 Seamen usually employed in the King's Service at Sea, in Time of Peace, yields -

The Six Pence a Man per Menjim, of about 1,500 Seamen employed on board his Majesty’s Ships in ordinary, may yield -

The Six Pence a Man per Menjem, of Seamen employed in the Merchants Service, is estimated at ——

The Three Light-houses on the Forelands may yield, per about

There is vested in South Sea Annuities, by Order of the Court of Chancery, the Sum of £. 3,174 deviled to the llospital; which Sum is to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands; and, in the mean time, the llospital receives interest, at 4 I.per Cent. -

L d.

3,250-----

487 to —

7,000-----

251 >8 4

126 19 —

Revenue short of the Expence

12,516 7 4 - to,050 19 6

22,567 6 to

Estimate of the Expence:

The Maintaining of 900 poor disabled Seamen, with the Officers, Servants, and N urfes, upon the present Establishment. is estimated at about -The ordinary Repairs in and about the llospital, including the Wages of the Officers of tltc Works, is estimated at about -Contingent Charges arc ubout -

L-

20,567 6 10

1,500-----

500-----

Memorandum :The Half Pay of the Lieutenant Governor, and other military Officers, of the Llospital, which is at present applied in Aid to the Revenue of the Hospital, and may be deducted from the above Deficiency, amounts to - - 643 7 —

The Wages, and Value of the Provisions, allowed to the Chaplains of the Ordinary of Deptford and Woolwich, which are at present applied in like manner, they being the Chaplains of the Hospital, amount to- - - - -107-----

But the said Sums, being uncertain, are not brought to Account as Part of the Revenue of the Hospital.

Note, As 20,000 Seamen were voted for the Sea Service this last Year, the Revenue will be increased in proportion.

750 7 —

Tho. Corbett.

T/10. Corbett.

358 6° — 7°

Ordered, That the said Account and State do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the Iloufe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisy 70 die Februprii }

Anno S° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1734. Prayers.

T'HE Iloule bein^ informed, that Mr. Corbet, from JL the Treasurer of the Navy, attended at the Dbor;

1734.

He was called in; and, at the Bar presented to the ^Navy House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Slices. Money has been ordered by the Lords of the Treasury, and received by the late and present Treasurer of the Navy for any Services of the Navy, from 31st December 1733 to 3lit December 1734.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

Treasury Office of the Navy, An ACCOUNT of what Money has been ordered by the Right honourable the 6 Feb. 1734-5. $ Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, and received by the late and present

Treasurer of his Majesty s Navy, for any Services of the Navy, from the 3 lit December 1733 to the 31st December *734, distinguishing the Times when the same *as received, and the Services to which it was applied; prepared in pursuance of an Order of the honourable House of Commons, dated 5tii February 1734.

Time.

S

E R V I C E S.

1734. January 24th.

The Right honourable the Lords of the Treasury have been pleased to direct, dmt, out of the £. 70,415. 35. 317. remaining unapplied, in Money advanced by the Bank of England lor Exchequer Bills charged on the Land Tax Anno 1733, the Sum of £. 3,000 be applied to the Service under-mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Wear and Tear: To pay Imprefts, and Bills of Exchange -

- S U M.

£ d. £ s. d.

3,000

February 18th.

The Right honourable the Lords of the Treasury have been pleased to direct, that, out of the 67,415 33* remaining unapplied out of D° Fund, the Sum ofj£. 9,000 be applied to the Services under-mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Wages:

To pay Bounty to such Seamen, and able-bodied Landmen, as shall voluntarily enter on board his Majesty's Ships now fitting out, pursuant to his Majesty s Royal Proclamation -To pay Imprefts and Conduct-money -

March 7th.

The Right honourable the Loris of the Treasury have been plealed to direct, that, out of the £. 58,415 3 ?,i remaining unapplied out of D° Fund, the Sum of 11,645 be applied to the Service following; viz.

On the Head of Wages:

To pay his Majesty s Ships the Norfolk, Swallow, and York, to 31st December 1733.

7.000 -

2.000 — —

9,000-----

11,645-----

D# 26th.

The Right honourable the Lords of the Treasury have been pleased to direct, that the 46,770 33! remaining unapplied out of D° Fund, be applied to the Services following; viz.

On the Head of Wages:

To pay the Company of the Suffolk and other Ships under Orders of Payment, and Two Months Advance to Ships fitting out -

To received a t his Majesty's Exchequer, in Money advanced by the Bank of England, for Exchequer Bills charged on the Malt Duty Anno 1734, the Sum of 254,194 for the Services under-mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay Six Months Course, due 31 ft January 1729

On the Head of Victualing:

To pay Six Months Course, due 31st January 1729

April lft.

To received at D*, in Money advanced by the Bank of England, for Exchequer Bills charged 011 the Malt Duty Anno 1734, the Sum of 11,962. 10. 0. for the Services under-mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay Imprefts, and Bills of Exchange -

152,733 -

101,461 — —

3,000-----

46,770 3 3i

254,194 — r"

Time-

8 Geo. II.

7° Februar.

Time.

»7J4-

April Jci.

April Gth.

April 20tlj.

V 20th.

Vou 22.

359

SERVICES.

On the Head of Ordinary:

To pay a Quarter's Salary to the Right honourable the Lords of the Admiralty, the Commissioners, and other Officers of the Navy, due Lady-day 1734 - -

To pay a Quarters Pensions, due ditto time -

C s. d.

7,800-----

262 10 —

On the Head of Wages:

To pay a Quarter s Allowance to the Earl of Peterborough as General of his Majesty’s Marine Forces, due Lady-day 1734 -

To received at D*, in Money, out of D* Fund, the Sum of £. i,oou. for the Service under-mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Wages:

To be imprested to Mr. Il'm. Bell, Secretary to Sir John Xorru Knight, Admiral, and Commander in Chief of his Majesty s Fleet, for defraying the contingent Charges thereof -

S U M.

C s. d. £. d.

8,062 10 —

9°o-----

To received at D* in Money, out of D* Fund, the Sum of 30,364 for the Services under mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Ordinary:

To pay Half a Year’s Half-pay to the £. s.

Sea Officers, due 31st December 1733 15,000 — To pay Pensions tofuperannuated Officers,

§c. due Dm time - - - - 3*S 14 —

d.

On the Head of Victualing:

To pay Xcccflary-money, and Contingen-

cies

5.000 -

1.000 -

- 2,521-----

2,529-----

6,500-----

To pay Short-allowance Money -

On the Head of Wages To pay Bills in Courie for Pilotage, <§r due 31st December 1733 To pay Sick ami Hurt Quarters, One Year, due 30 September 1733 -

To pay One Years Petition to the Chest at Chatham, due Lady-day 1733

To received at his Majesty s Exchequer; viz.

£. s. d.

301,841 2 2j out of the Sinking Fund, in Part of the

£. 1,200,000. appropriated towards the public Supplies Anno 1734.

133,137 J5 5 out °* Money advanced by the Bank of England> for Exchequer Bills charged on the Land 1 ax Anno 1734. and is to be charged as Part of the above £. 1,200,000.

434,078 17 7i for the Services under-mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay Eight Months Course, due 30th September 1730.

On the Head of Wages:

To pay Wages to Ships, under Orders to be paid, to 31st December 1733....

To pay all the Yards One Year’s Pay, due 31st December 1733; viz.

On the Head of Ordinary - 93,050-----

Wear and Tear - 82,514 17 2

18,814 —

6,000 —

n,55o —

11,962 10

1,000 -

146,774 -

16,611 16 1

175,564 17 2

36,364-----

Time.

3,60

Februarii.

j. 1734.

Tinct.

'734-

SERVICES.

On the Head of Victualing;

To pay Eight Months Course, due 30th £. s. d.

September 1730 - . - - 86,137-----

To pay the Coopers, Labourers, &c. One

Year, due 31st December 1733 - 9,891 4 4

S U M.

Total Sum received by the Right honourable the Lord Viscount Torrington, late Treasurer}

of his Majesty s Navy, amounts to Eight hundred and eight thousand Nine hundred and* 808,914 10 11

Fourteen Poupds Ten Shillings and eleven Pence.....-1 — (

Torrington*

1.

Time.

1734. April 26.

May 2d.

May 10th.

June 26.

S E It VICES.

To received at his Majesty’s Exchequer, in Money, out of Loans on the Salt Duty, Part of the Supplies Anno 1734, the Sutnof^.324,971. for the Services under-mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay 12 Months Course, due. 30th September 1731 -On the Head of Victualing:

To pay 12 Months Course, due D° time -

To received at his Majesty s Exchequer, in Money, out of the following Funds; viz.

£. $ d.

104.492 2 4i advanced by the Bank of England, for

Exchequer Bills charged on the Land Tax Anno 1734.

50,000----- out of Loans on the Land Tax Anno

'734.

154.492 24$ for the Services under-mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay Five Months Course, due 29th February 173! -On the Head of Victualing:

To pay Five Months Course, due D* time -On the Head of Wages:

To pay Ships, under Orders to be paid, to 31st of December 1733 - -

To received at D*, in Money advanced by the Bank of England, for Exchequer Bills charged on the Land Tax Anno 1734, the Sum of £.52,617. for the Services under-mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Wages:

To pay Ships, under Orders to be paid, £. s. d.

to 31st December 1733 - 29,117 — —

To pay Two Months Advance to the Companies of Ships lately fitted out, Conduct-money, and Rewards for

taking up Seamen - 15,000-----

To pay Bills of Exchange drawn on the

Sick and Hurt Office

- 1,500-----

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay Imprefts, and Bills of Exchange -On the Head of Victualing:

To pay Bills of Exchange - 1,000 — —

To pay Necessary-money and Contingencies .....- 3,000-----

To received at his Majesty s Exchequer, in Money, out of Loans on the Salt Duty, Part of the Supplies Anno 1734, the Sum of £. 251,930, for the Services following; viz. On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay 10 Months Course, due 31st December 1*32 -

On the Head of Victualing:

To pay 10 Months Course, due D* time -

£. s. d.

194,539 -

130,432-----

S U M.

£. s. d.

87,900-----

54,988-----

11,604 2 41

45,617-----

3,000 — —

4,000-----

169,101

82,829

324,971-----

154,492 2 4|

52,617 — —

-J 25L930

Time.

8 Geo. II.

7° Februarit,

Time.

*734* June 28.

July 3d.

July 10 th.

26th.

SERVICES.

To received at D\ in Money, out of the following Funds; viz, 6

237»3^2 *7 2 out of the Sinking Fund remaining in the Exchequer unapplied at Midfummtr 1734.

97,542 2 10 out of Loans on the Duties on Salt, for the Service of the Year x 734.

334>925 — — For the Services under mentioned;

viz.

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay 12 Mouths Course, due 31st December 1733 -On the Head of Victualling:

To pay x 2 Months Course, due D* time -

To received at D% in Money, out of Loans on the Salt Duty, Part of the Supplies Anno 1734, the Sum of 23,521 10 o for the Services following; viz.

To be paid to Greenwich Hospital, for the Support thereof

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

£. s. d.

To pay Imprefts, and Bills of Exchange 2,000 — — To jxiy Fees at the Exchequer, and to the Auditors, and oilier Contingencies of the Pay Office ... 3,000 — —

On the Head of Ordinary:

To pay for the Purchase of Six old Houses lying on the Eali Side of his Majesty’s Yard at Deptford, with the Ground belonging to them, for the Enlargement of the said Yard ... 749 _ — . To pay a Quarter’s Salary to the Riifht honourable the Lords of the Admiralty, the Commissionerfc, and other Officers of the Navy, due Midsummer 1734 8,000 — —

To pay a Quarter’s Pensions, due D# time.....262 10 —

On the Head of Wages:

To pay Sick and Hurt Quarters at Deal To pay a Quarter's Allowance to the Earl of Peterborough, as General of his Majesty’s Marine Forces, due Midsummer 1734 ....

600-----

910 —

On the Head of Viftoalling:

To pay Necessary-money, and Contingencies -To received at his Majesty’s Exchequer, in Money, out of Loans on the Salt Duty, Part of the Supplies Anno 1734, the Sum of £. 10,000 for the Service undermentioned; viz.

On the Head of Wages:

To pay Two Months Advance, and Two Months in Six to the Companies of several of his Majesty’s

Ships.....-

To received at D*, out of D# Fund, the Sum o: £, 22,001 9 3} for the Services under mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Wages:

To be impi efted to Mr. Thomas Blackmon, to enable him to carry on his Contract for furnishing Slop Cloaths -

On the Head of Ordinary:

To pay Half a Year’s Half-pay to the

Sea Officers, due 30th June last - 11,500 —

To pay Half a Year’s Pensions to super-

annuated Officers, fife, due D# time 3,720 — — -

361

To be paid over to the Right honourable Sir Charles Wager, to complete the Sum of 2,000 due to him on his additional Salary of 2,000 per Annum at Midsummer 1734, the same to be replaced, for the Service of the Navy, out of Monies arising by the Sale of old Stores, when the Monies so arising shall prove sufficient for that Purpose, pursuant to the Direction of his Majesty’s Royal Sign Manual, bearing Date the 23d July 1734 '

4 "

SUM.

£ * d.

s.

d.

216,478

1*8,447

334.9*5-----

5,000 — —

,.000 -

9,011 10 —

1,510 3,000 —

23,521 10 —

10,000 — —

5,000-----

15,220-----

1,781 9 3i

22,001 9 3l

Vol. *«.

Time.

362

7° Februarii.

J. 1734.

Time.

SERVICES.

17 34-August 7 th.

29th.

September 5th.

1 9th,

October 14 th.

October 31st.

To received at D#, in Money out of the Sinking Fund, appropriated towards the Suppli.es Anno 1734, the Sum of £. 5,000 for the Services fallowing; viz.

On the Hend of Victualling:

To pay Bills of Exchange - -

To pay Necessary-money, and Contingencies -

To received at D°, in Money advanced by the {Sank of England, for Exchequer Bills charged on the Land Tape Anno 1734, the Sum of £. 3,000 for the Service following; viz.

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay Imprelis, and Bills of Exchange -

To received at D°, in Money ojat of Loans on the Land Tax Anno 1734, the Sum of £.2,000 for the Service following; via.

On the Head of Vi6iuaRing: -

To pay Necessary-money and Contingencies -

To received at his Majesty’s Exchequer, in Money, out of Loans on the Land Tax Anno 1734, the Sum of £. 15,000 for the Services following; viz.

On the Head of Wages:

For carmn0 on the Payment of his Majesty’s Ships ordered to be paid to the 31st December I aft, and for other Services - -

£ d.

2,000 ——

3>oooo — —

To received at D°, in Money, out of the Sinking Fund, appropriated for the Service of the Year 1734, the Sum of £. 15,332. 10$. for the Services following; viz.

On the Head of Oi dinary:

To pay a Quarter’s Salary to the Right honourable the Lords oftJie Admiralty, the Commoners, and other Officers £. s. d. of the Navy, due Michaelmas last - 7,600 — - — To pay a Quarter’s Pensions, due D®

tiipe - - - 26a 10 —

On the Head of Wages;

To pay a Quarter’s Allowance to th.e Earl of Peter-borough, as General of his Majesty’s Marine Forces, due Michaelmas 1734 -

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay Bills of Exchange, and Imprefts - -

On the Head of Vij&ualling;

To pay Necessary-money and Contingencies

To be paid over to the Right honourable Sir Charles Wager, for One Quarter s additional Salary of£. %,000 per Annum, due at Michaelrfias 1734, the same to be

: replaced, for the Service of the Navy, out of Monies arising by the Sale of old Stores, when the Monies so arising shall prove fufTieient for that Purpose, pursuant to the Direction of his Majesty’s Royal Sign Manual, bearing Date the 23d July 1734 -

To received at his Majesty’s Exchequer, out of the following Funds; viz.

£. s. d.

227,714 3 H in Money, out of the Sinking Fund,

appropriated for the Service of the Year 1734.

50,184 16 3} in Money, advanced by the Bank of England, for Exchequer Bills charged on the Land Tax Anno 1734.

277>?99

For the Services following;

ViZ

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay Four Months Course, due 30th April 1734

7,86.2 10 —

970-----

3,boo-----

3,000-----

S U M.

d.

5,000-----

3,000 — —

2,000 — —

15,000 —

500-----

69,609 —

x5>33^ 10 —

Time.

8 Geo. II.

7° Februar

Time.

1734.

Nov. 18 th. December 4th

31st

Vol. 22.

SERVICES. SUM.

For Six Months Pay to all the Yards, due Midsummer 1734 viz. £k Sm On the Head of Ordinary: - - 41*735 — Wear and Tear 68,065 On the Head of Wages: To pay Bills of Exchange drawn on the Sick and Hurt £. s. d. 109,800 £ * d.

Office On the Head of Victualling: To pay Four Months Course, due 30th 2,000

April'1734 87,399 For Six Months Pay to the Coopers, Labourers, SCc,. due Midsummer 1734 7,001

To pay Bills of Exchange - - 2,000 96,400 — —

To received at his Majesty’s Exchequer, in Money ad- vanced by the Bank of England, for Exchequer Bills charged on the Land Tax Anno 1734, the Sum of £.10,000 for the Service under mentioned \viz. On the Head of Wages: For carrying on the Payments on this Head at the 277*899 — —

several Ports ----- To received at D°, in Money, out of D° Fund, the Sum of £.20,000 for the Services under mentioned; viz. On the Head of Wages: To pay the Gibraltar Drake Sloop, and Rose, and for 10,000 — —

other Service on this Head -To received at D°, out of the following Funds; viz. £. s. d. 12,340 14 5-t in Money, advanced by the Bank of England, for Exchequer Bills charged on the Land Tax Anno 1734. 90,699 8 6^ in Money, out of the Sinking Fund, appropriated for the Service of the Year 1734. 103,040 3 of For the Services following; viz. On the Head of Wear and Tear: 20,000 — —

To pay Two Months Course, due 30th June 1734 44.343 —

To pay Imprefts, and Bills of Exchange On the Head of Victualling: 3,000 —

To pay Two Months Course, due 30th June 1734 On the Head of Ordinary: To pay a Quarter’s Sal ary to the Right Honourable the Lords of the Admiralty, the Commissioners, and other Officers of the Navy, due Christmas 1734 - 7,300 To pay a Quarter’s Pensions due D* time - - - , - - - 262 10 46,789 —

7,56210 —

On the Head of Wages:

To pay a Quarter’s Allowance to the Earl of Peterborough, as General of his Majesty’s Marine Forces,

due at Christmas 1734 - -To pay to Sir Charles Wager, to make up the Sum of £ jjoo for One Quarter’s additional Salary of/. 2000 per Annum, as l'irft Lord Commissioner of the Admiralty, due at Christmas 1734; t he same to be replaced to Services of the Navy, out of Money for old Stores, pursuant to his Majesty’s Royal SignManual, 00 0 1 1

bearing Dale 23d July 1734; ... 475 J3 °4 103,040 3 of

Total Sum received by the Right honourable Arthur Onslow Esquire, present Treasurer of his Majesty’s 1,625,749 14 8i

Navy, amounts to One Million Six hundred twenty-five thousand Seven hundred Twenty-nine Pounds 1 1 1 ts

Fourteen Shillings and Eight Pence Farthing —

Ar. Onslow.

Ordered,

3^4 7° — 1 °° Feb A. 1734.

Ordered, That the Aiid Account to lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Liverpoole A Petition of Thomas Bootle Esquire was presented to

Election. House, and read; fell in" forth, That the Petitioner, together with Foster Cunliffe, Richard Gild art, and Thomas Brereton, Esquires, itood Candidates at the last Election of Burge lies to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Liverpoole, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and, by a Majority of legal Votes, the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough: That the said Richard Gildart, by himselfand his Agents, has been guilty of several corrupt and illegal Practices, and unwarrantable Proceedings, and, by means thereof, has procured himself to be returned a Burgess for the said Borough: That William Pole, who took upon himself to act as Mayor of the said Borough, without any Bight, or legal Authority; and John Brooks and Owen Prichard, who took upon themselves to act as Bailiffs of the said Borough, without any Right, and who all presided at the said Election, have acted in a very partial, illegal, and arbitrary manner, at the said Election, in favour of the said Rickard Gildart, by admitting Persons to vote for him, who had no Right to-vote; and have taken upon them, without any Foundation of Bight, to return the said Richard Gildart a Burgess for the said Borough, although he was not duly elected; to the Injury and Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying the House to take the Premises into Confederation; and grant the Petitioner such Relief as shall seem meet.

Pitto. A Petition of John Cobham, George Dickens, Thomas Summers, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Burgesses of the Borough of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, on behalf of themselves, and divers other Burgesses of the said Borough; alleging. That the said Thomas Bootle and Foster Cunliffc Esquires were duly elected, and ought to have been returned, Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that the said Richard Gildart and Thomas Brereton . Esquires, at the times of the said Election and Return, were not, nor either of them, qualified to be elected Burgesses for the said Borough; was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Property A Petition of William Hogarth, George Vertue, George

Right of Lambert, Isaac Wai'e, John Pine, Gerrard Vandergucht,

Prints, &c. j0fin G&itpy, Artists and Designers of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravers of original Prints, in behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners, and others, have, with great Industry and Expence, Severally invented, designed, or engraved, divers Sets of new Pictures and Prints, in Hopes to have reaped the Benefit of such their own Labours, and the Credit thereof; but that divers Printfellers, Printers, and other Persons, both here and abroad, have, of late, too frequently taken the Liberty of copying, printing, and publishing, great Quantities of base, imperfect, and mean, Copies-and Imitations thereof; to the great Detriment of the Petitioners, and such other Artists, and to the Discouragement of Arts and Sciences in this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given for a Bill to be brought into the House, for preventing such Frauds and Abuses for the future, and securing the Properties of the Petitioners, as the Laws now in being have preserved the Properties of the Authors of Books; or in such other Manner as by the House shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Claytoh, Sir Wm. Yonge, Sir James Campbell, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Pelham; Mr .'Hedges, Mr. Lloyd\ Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Campbell, Sir Charles Turner, Mr, Oglethorpe, Mr. Buncombe, Sir Thomas Frank-land, Sir John Hynd Cot Ion, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Edward Walpole, Mr. Richard Pturner, Lord Charles Cavendish, Mr. Lntigueville, Mr. Lyndfay, Dr. Clarke, Mr. Clavering, Mr. Hampden, Sir Paid Methuen, Lord John Sack-ville, SirNath.Curzon, Mr. Hoare, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Smith, Mr. Harley, Mr. Lends, Sir Hen. Gough, Mr. Praed, Sir Fra. Boynton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Trefujis, Sivjojl Pennington, Mr. Gybbon, Sir James Grant, Mr. Rojs, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Parsons, S\rCharles Mordaunt, Mr. Ayres, Lord AToelSomerfef, Mr. Andrews, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Bootle, Sir Wm. Clayton, Captain Evans. Dr. Leigh, Mr. Kynaston: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all that come are to have Voices.

The House being informed, That Sir Alexander Mur* ray Baronet, who was returned in the Double Return for the Shire of Peebles, desires not toconteft the Matter of the Election and Return for the said Shire with Sir Janies Nafmyth Baronet, returned also in the said Double Return.

Ordered, That the said Sir James Nafmyth be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue'Election and Double Return for the said Shire.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections he discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petition and Double Return.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Monday Morning next, with the Return for the Shire of Peebles, to amend the fame, by taking off the Indenture, by which the said Sir Alexander Murray is returned.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 1 o° die Februarii;

Anno 8° Georgii IP Regis, 1734.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That all Committees be revived.

The House being informed, that Mr. Frecker, from the Treasury, attended at the Door:

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, An Account,* Khewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1734 hath been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads; until the TenthDay of February 1734; and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied; with the Deficiency thereupon.

And then be withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

15 An

Election,

Supply.

Comnii-i

Corami

Dispoi Of Gl

<3

c

to

Av ACCOUNT, fliewin^ how the Money given for the Service of flic Year 17,54 hath been difjiofed of; distinguished under tbcseveral Head*, until the lOtliUay of February 1734;

and the Parts thereof remaining uniatUfied; with the Deficiency thereupon.

a — — 1 Sums paid. Remain* to be paid.

t c *. £ d.

- — 1,136,64° a 4 54<°3* 3 5

2,390.670 5 9 10,000 — — 1,200,000 — — 10,900

23>,«I3 »7 118,813 ijr 9 v *0,000 — —

f*V®* 14 3} 8*.W* >4 Si

1

409,922 ft «i 4rOOOO — — *oMx> — — 4*9.*2* si 4.®°® — — *0/00* — —

— — 7*.*75 — —

4,014,768 6 2| I 3.940.738 9! 74r»3o 3 5.

Navy.

Ordnance.

Forces.

GRANTS.

r For Visuals, Wages, and Wear and Tear, of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 20,000 Men, for 13 Months

I For the Ordinary of the Navy, and forllalfpay

Towards the Debt of the Navy -

Towards the Support of Greenwich Hospital

Deficiencies.

f For Ordnance, Sea Services -

For Ditto Land Services -

( For extraordinary Expences for Land Services, not provided for by Parliament -

For defraying the Charge of 17,704 Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces, itc. Anno 1734 For maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, Anno 1734 Upon Account of Out-pensioners of Chelsea ilospital -

For defraying several extraordinary F.xpences and Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament -Upon Account of Hull-pay to reduced Officr rs of his Majesty’* Ijiud Forces and Marines, Amo 1734

For Pensions to Widows of such reduced Officers of Land forces and Mariuea as died upon the EstabliAuncn who were married to them before Christmas 1716, for the year 1734 -

'To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty Anno 1732, at Lady-day 1734 To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, Anno 173a, at Michaelmas 1734 To make good the Deficiency of the General Fun*! at Michaelmas 1733 -

To make good the Deficiency of the Grants, Anno 1733.

To the Navy -

To the Ordnance -

To the Forces -

To the General Fund at Michaelmas 1731 at Michaelmas 173a

£ ' 4'.346

43-274 '9

of Half-pay, and

c

d.

lf)0,000 -

30,000 -

12,722 4

1*

9

84,621 — loj

For the Collegiate Church of $/. Ttier's, Westminster ——

Towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements belonging to the Royal African Company, on the Coast of Africa -To the King of Denmark, in pursuance of a Treaty concluded with him -

Eor Expences in augmenting his Majesty’s Forces ——

The Ways and Means towards supptying the said Services; £ f. d.

750,000 — — By the Malt Duty, Anno 1734*

v,oco.oooo----- By the Salt Duty.

1,200,000 — — By the Sinking Fund.

1,000,000----- By the Land Tax, Arnio 1734.

20,578 11 10$ By Arrears of former Land Taxes.

7,783 *9 — By Arrears of the Malt Duty, Anno 1732V

988,000 — — ] 202,670 5 9 J 1*200,000 — —

52,000 — *5>i»9 >0 1,614 7

n

*47-4»0 > 203.99* >7 *5.«>S2 5 >0 48, 4 oj 52,690 ,5 10

3.5* — —

44.*33 «9.2*9

>4

n1

5 1

39.937 To — S«,s$7 10 —

Residue of Ways and Means, Armo 1734, 0Ji(fifp4fedo On the Sinking Fund - - - - '

On the Land Tax, Anno 1734 -

*7£S* 10 «i*4* 17

*1

*1

Defecictfyof Way* and Ec6u, 1794

3,978,362 IO IO J

3*.4°5 >5 4i

£.4,014,76# 6 2J

Deficiency of Ways and Means, Amo >734.

-Fr-etdtff

£. asm

37*4 8 of.

36^05 15 4

loth Fciruary, j73

U>

O*

Ui

1

1

8 Geo. II, 10° Februarii

3 W

io® Februarii.

A. 1734.

Ordered, That the faifl Account do lie upon the and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

AVotttft A Petition of Edward Prideaux Gwyn J Esquire was The House being informed, That Mr. Arnold, from ^rmy EleakHi presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That Sir the Secretary at War s Office, attended at the Door; Estimatw. Robei't Long Baronet, Nicholas Robinson Esquire, He was called in; and, at the Bar, pro fen ted to the

the Petitioner, stood Candidates at the last Election of House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and Woitvn Basset, in the County of JVilts: That the said other his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, for Nicholas Robinson, and his Agents were guilty of noto* the Year 1735: And also, . nous Bribery and Corruption, whereby, and by the corrupt f Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the and illegal Fra&ices of Mr. James Long, the Returning Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 17^51 Officer of the said Borough, the said Nicholas Robinson And also, #

hath procured himself to be returned for the said Borough; 'Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of in Violation of the Laws for securing the Freedom of Chelsea Hospitalr for the Year 1735: And also,

Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and in - An Account of Services incurred Anno 1734, and not

manifest Prejudice to the Petitioner, who was elected by provided for by Parliament.

a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been re- And he acquainted the House, That he had received turned: That the said NicholasJtobinfon was not, at the his Majesty s Commands, to lay before this House an time of the said Election, possessed of such sufficient Estate, Account of Services incurred by augmenting his Majesty s free from Incumbrances, as is required, by the Statute in Forces, and in concerting such other Measures as the I

that same made and provided, to qualify him to serve as a Exigency of his Majesty s Affairs have required. Member in Parliament: And praying the House to take And then he withdrew, the Premises into Consideration: and that he may have And the Titles of the said Estimates and Accoi such Relief therein as to the House shall seem proper. read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- The said Estimates and Accounts are as sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

read.

The said Estimates and Accounts are as follow; viz.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Estimates and Accounts were

0

estimate

8 Geo. II. io

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other iris Majesty’s Land Forces, io

Great Britain, for the Year 1735.

Horse

Foot

Invalids

ffirft Troop of Guards Second ditto -Third ditto Fourth ditto -First Troop of Grenadier Guards Second ditto.

Royal Regiment of Guards Lord Pembroke’s Regiment

lieutenant General Lieutenant General s

Dragoons

Ttoyal Regiment Colonel Campbells -

Major General Homewood’s I Lord Cadogan’s

\ Brigadier Kerr a Lieutenant General Evans’s Brigadier ChurchilCs-Lord Mark Kerrs -

fT*irft Regiment of Guards -Second ditto -Third ditto -

Lieutenant General Tattotis Brigadier Barrel’s -Colonel Montagu's - -

Lieutenant General Colonel Middleton’s -Colonel Harrison’s -x Colonel Handafyis -

Lieutenant General Sabine’s Colonel Cope's -Colonel Lai toe's Earl of Effingham's -Colonel Howard's -Colonel Hamilton's -Colonel Hargrave's -Colonel Paget's LColonel Cornwallis’s -

_ f Brigadier Fielding's Regiment " ( 25 Independent Companies

Regimen

Independent (Six Independent Companies in North Companies, i Britain - -

NUMBERS.

I8l

181

l8l

181

176

*77

337

3*9

314

214

369

369

369

369

369

369

369

369

2,385

j,4§8

1,468

815

815

815

815

815

815

8> 5

815

815

815

8*5

815

815

815

815

5*5

1,300

Staff Officers,^J^fo®Cwith Fire and Candle &c. ^Contingencies, upon Account -

2,161

2,952

25,744

Levy-money for 2,400 Foot Soldiers, at 40 s. each Man

Pay of the Troop* and Regiments, for 365 Day*.

£. s. d.

16.546 »3 4

16.546 13 4

16.546 13 4

16.546 13 4 10,743 3 4 10,870 *8 4 26,876 3 4 26,054 18 4 *7,696 J 4

7,696 8 4

17,4*3 »° io ,7,4*3 *0 ,0 ,7,4*3 »o *0 ,7,4*3

,7,4*3 *0 »o ,7,4*3 >0 *0 17,4*3 10 10 17,4*3 *0 *0

0,906 *4 3 2?,584 7 6

10,880

35’9*l

,5,000

total.

foT*1

£ d.

*76,124 13 4

139,308 6 8

370,836 19 2

32,49* 8 9>*5 *7 6

61,852 6 31

789,729 4 4,800-----

794,529 4 7}

Whitehall, 1 ath February 173

Io the Absence of the Secretary at War,

Richard Arnold.

Vol. 88.

ESTIMATE

yS8

» to°:Fvbroom.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of his Majestys Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, ': ibnjitbe Year-:it7<35- '

.....-In tha PLAMTAXlaNS*

The late Brigadier^egimjent,.: - fc

Colonel Philips's |

Pour Independent C<^nyanjep at Nfip lf£rk -; -

One Company at Btfn^idds ] :*

Eight Companies at Jamaica

One Couipany in the jlflamj, of Provence - *'/;"*

One Company at Carolina -

5

Garrisons at Annapolis Royfl, and Placentia;

f In, I NO RCA.

Colonel Kane’s Regiment >; *i Sir Charles Hot ham's t i-i . -

lirigadier TyrrelCs .-o - - - - t I;*

Colonel Sf. Clairs j i r' \ -

Officers of the Garrison, . ' , -

In OtXb

Brigadier/ftrAV Regiment Lord Tyrawleys

Major General Groves's

Brigadier Clayton's - -

Colonel Anstruther's -Colonel Reads -j; -i

NUMBERS.

395

394

445

57

9°4

150

i»5

615

615

615

615

2,460

615

615 ' 615" '615; ’Wj

' 615

2,460

"Pajr of the Regiments, fyc, for 365-Day

£. s. 9.775^8,4 9,830 13 i 4

7,141' 16 1.003 15 --15,366 ,10 2,466 1516 >071' 7 6

1.2.784 2 6l

I2,7&4vsa 6

12.784 2 16.

.3,699

’ 8,6io

Officers of the Garritoir, <$-c. - -

1 1: . .:

Provisions for Colonel Philips's Regiment in Garrifcri at Annapolis '

Canjb, and Placentia, deducing 4 d. > out of the Subsistence of each Non-comnfiffion Officer and ;private Mnn,: towards that Expence 5 Remains to be borne by the Government ? - -

Provisions for the several Regiments at Gibraltar: -: -'

:\n r i' ' Irtitn - -

' v-v Vi y

12.784 2 6

12,948 7,6

12.784 2 ,6

2,784 .2 , J0

12,7^4 2 ' 6

12,784: 2 ,6',"

j: f

1, 5 5817 i -25,060 — «.<*

Whitehall, .10th February 173

Total -.

3t*.

Total,

£' t d.

*^,656 16

,^539 1

<51,136 10 .16,200 8

.1 <,

;f 6,869

1 / J

) 5,74912.^1

26,55817

,-215,710 6 5|

In tiic Absence of the Secretary at War,

~-Riefiard Arnolds

ESTIMATE of the Chafge of the Qut-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Tear 1735*.

Per Diem.

3,809 Out-pensioners standing at present upon the Books of the Hospital, at 5d. per Diem each -

100 Letter-men at 12d.per Diem*ach - -

41 Serjeants, at 9 d. per Diem each -

85 17 J.o

From which dedu &,

The Sum of Twelve thousand Five hundred Pounds,- which, by Estimation, may be applicable towards defraying this Expence, out of the Poundage of the Forces, for the Year 1735

Remains to he granted, upon Account, for the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the*) Year 1735 - - - "..... J

Whitehall, 10th February 173}.

In the Absence of the Secretary at War,

Richard Arnold.

For 365 Days.

\£. ''A.

.^8,964 .5

1,825 —

561 3

31,350 9

d.

5

9

2

,12,590

18,850 9 2 ,

An

8 Geo. IL

io° fobruarii*

An ACCOUNT 6f Services incurred Amo 1*34, and hot provided for by Parliament

To make good the like Sum, paid Mr. Wm. Caulfield for surveying and keeping in Repair the new Roads through the Highlands, per Warrant of the 1 ith of April 1734 -

To satisfy his Majesty’s Warrant, payable to Lieutenant General Wade, for building a Stable and Guard-house for 30 Dragoons, in the Highlands of Scotland -

To make good the Sum, paid Mr. John Gilman, Contractor for fumiftiing and supplying the Forces in the Island of Minorca with Flesh Meat, over and above the 6d. per Man per Week, stopped from the Pay of the Regiments there, pursuant to Contract and Warrant between the 17th of February 173! the 16th February 1734 To make good the Deficiency of Pay between the English and Irish Establishment to Lord Rothes's Regiment of Foot, upon the Establishment of Ireland, but now serving at Gibraltar, for 365 Days, from the 2.5th December 1733 to 24th December 1734 -

The several Sums granted in Parliament for victualling the Garrison of Gibraltar JC. s. d. from the 25th of December 1725 to 24th December 1733* amount, in the

Whole, to.....263,834 iS 5

Payments made to the Contractor for victualling the said Garrison, from the 20th December 17 2.5, being the Commencement of his Contract, to the 3d of February 173}, when the same determined - - - 256,198 6 — }

Remained applicable to carry on the new Contract for this Service with Thomas Revell Esquire, bearing Date the 7th March 1731 - 7^3^ 4r

Voted for this Service, Anno 1734 *-.*- 25,000-----

32,636 12 4*

The Payments made to the new Contractor for this Service, £ si d. between the 4th of February and the 21st July 1734, both

Days inclusive, amount to.....25,106 5 yt

From 22 July 1734 to the 5th of January following, being Six Months, of 28 Days to the Month, including Insurance, is estimated at about - *5,300-----

3<%»

£. s. d;

400 — — 360 15

866 13 4

876 —

Deduct the above Sum of

Remains to be provided for by Parliament

40,406 5 7 i

32,636 12 4 i

Whitehall, 10th February 1734

in the Absence of the Secretary at War,

Total

7^69 *3 3i *£10,273 1 7 i

Richard Arnold.

Atf ACCOUNT of Services incurred, by augmenting his Majesty’s Forces, and in concerting such other Measures, as the Exigency of his Majesty’s Affairs have required.

For 11.5,000 Crowns, being a Moiety of 230,000 Crowns, payable by Treaty, dated 4-gth September 1734, to the King of Denmark, for Levy money for a Body of 6,000 Danish Troops, whereof 1,000 Horse, at the Rate of 80 Crowns each, and ,5,000 Foot, at the Rate of 30 Crowns each For 62,500 Crowns, being One Quarter of 2.50,000 Crowns, Bank Money of Hamburgh, payable to the King of Denmark, for an annual Subsidy, pursuant to the said Treaty; which Quarter becomes due the -J-g-th of December 1734

d.

Is. d\

25>875 -

14,062 10 —

For the Charge of transporting, from several Ports in Ireland to this Kingdom, Eight Regiments of Foot, and victualling them in their Passage from thence hither - -

Fur Levy-money for augmenting the Eight Regiments which came from Ireland with 10 Serjeants, 10 Corporals, 10 Drummers, and 250 private Men, each Regiment, at 40s. per Man For Levy-money for railing and replacing 680 Men, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, included, which were draughted out of Seven Regiments at Gibraltar, to form Six additional Companies at Jamaica, at £. .5 per Man

For the Charge of railing Six additional Companies of Foot, for the Service and Defence of the Island of Jamaica, and for augmenting the Two old Companies there, viz.

Additional Pay to the Two old Companies, at .5^ 2r/..a Day each, being the Difference between the old and the new Establishment of the said Two Companies augmented, for 183 Days, from the 25th June to the 24th of

December 1734 L ....

For the Pay of the Six additional new-raised Companies, at £. 31 1 is. 6d. per Diem, for the same time -

£. s. d.

39>937

10

3.302 — 5 4,4So-----

3,400 —

94 u —

5.778 4 6

For the Difference of Pay between the English and Irish Establishment of Eight Regiments lately arrived from Ireland, from the respective Days of their Embarkation to 24th of October 1734 For the full Pay of the said Eight Regiments, augmented to the Numbers and Pay, according to the Establishment of Great Britain, lbr 61 Days, from the 25th October to the 24th December 1734 To satisfy his Majesty’s Warrant, dated 21) November 1734, payable to Thomas Revell Esquire, for Four Months Provisions, and other Necessaries, by him furnished, for the several Persons computing the Six Independent Companies lent to Jamaica, which were draughted from the several Regiments at Gibraltar - - *.....-

5,872 15 6

3,436 16 — 18,556 4 —

Whit hall, 1 oth February i

la the Absence of the Secretary at War,

Richard

Vol. 22.

Total

5 B

2,583-----

£.81,568 5 u

Ordered,

<?reenw\ch

Hospital.

57°

10° Februarii.

A. 1734.

Ordered, That the said F.fti males and Accounts do Vie House, pursuant to their Order, an Account, shewing upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the how much Money has been received by the Treasurer, on house. account of the said Hospital, from Christmas 1733 to

Christmas 1734; and how the same has been applied. The House being informed, that Mr. Wood\ Deputy* And then he withdrew.

Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, attended at the Door; And the Title of the said Account was read.

Me was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the The said Account is as follows; viz.

C 'rmr 'irl I T C \\ l } An Account, shewing how much Money has been received by the Treasurer, on account y/>/ a */> of the said Hospital, from Chrisw.as 1 733 to Christmas 1734*, and how the same has been

/UWC* /34> 3 applied; viz.

,£. s. d.

Received on account of Abatements on Seamens Wages, employed in his MajestyY Service - 2,300-----

Received for Seamens Six Pences, employed in the Merchants Service, ending with November

1734 7,07* 9

Received for Forfeitures on Ditto, to Christmas 1733 - 55 31

Received for the Duties of the Light-houses on the North and South Forelands, ending with Mid-

summer Quarter 1734..... - - - 1,320 14 9

Received for Rents of Houses belonging to the Hospital - - - - 311 13 1

Received for the Chaplains Wages, and Groats on the Ordinaries of Deptford and Woolwich Yards

and Yachts - - - - So 8 —

Received for the Half-pay of the Governor and other Officers, for a Year, ending with June 1734 1,057 19 —

Received of the Treasurer of the Navy, to make up £. 10,000 granted by an Act of the 6th Year

of his p relent Majesty's Reign - - - - -- -- - 5,000-----

Received of the Treasurer of the Navy, Part of £. 10,000 granted last Session of Parliament - 5,000-----

Received of the Lieutenant Governor, and Officers, for Abatements made of Three Fence in the

Pound on their Half pay, as above - -- - 10 16 6

Received for the Provisions due to the Chaplains of the Ordinaries of Deptford and Woolwich - 154 9 —

Received of the South Sta\ Company, being a Dividend of 7 and i per Cent. on the Effects of Sir

liar court Masters 204 2 4

£.23,074 3 n

Which said Sums, together with the Cash remaining in the Treasurer s Flands on the 31st December *733> has been applied as follows;

Treasurer

4

Treasurer,

o

D'.

j*

to ToCash remaining in the Treasurer’s Hands, on 25th December 1733 To sundry imprest Receipts, then uncleared -

To the Treasurer’s Receipts, from the 25th of December j 733 to the 23th December 1734....

Sum.

£.*. d I

4,891 2 7* I

10,977 3 Of j

23,074 3 »*;

1!

I,

38,942 10 2J

CQ

1

Per Contra, C\

Paid the Iloufchold Books Six Months, ending September

17.M - . -;

Paid the contingent Account the same time -Paid the Books of Works, the fume time -

Paid the Household Books Six Months, ending March

17.M

Paid the contingent Account, ending Ditto -Paid the Books of W orks, ending Ditto -

Pai l the I Ioufehold Books Sir. Months, ending September

} 7.54 ——

Paid tl»c contingent Account the same time -Paid the Books of W orks, ending

Paid by sundry Imprest Receipts standing out -

For Philip Caxcndish Esquire, Treasurer,

Sum.

£ s. d. L 0. d.

*».53» — H

134 10 —

8-jg 11 4i 12,49.5

2 1

7,9C3 «J 21 i

354 12 10 J

39* *3 If 1 1 8,710 If

»9

8,933 6 2l

234 10 —

720 3 n 9.887 91

9

3,.°o ( 1 Of

m m - - 2,565 18 7i

Due to a 33,(»59 19 7 b

Balance 5,282 10 6f

£. 38,942 10 2f

James Wood, Deputy.

CO

o

hi

o

Ui

1

374

10° Febru

A. 1734.

Great Bed win Election.

Ordered That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of John Crawley and Abel Ketelbey, Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That William Sloper, and the honourable Robert Murray Esquires, and the Petitioners, stood Candidates at the last Election of BurgdTes to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Bedwin, in the County of Wilts: That the said Mr. Sloper and Mr. Murray, by corrupt, indirect, and illegal Practices, made use of by them, or on their Behalf, procured themselves to be unduly returned Members for the said Borough, in this Parliament, although the Petitioners had a considerable Majority of legal and uncorrupted Voters, and ought to have been returned: And praying the House to take the Premises into Coidideration, and give the Petitioners such Belief therein as to the House shall feeni meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof> and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ludgershall

Election.

many Parts thereof are unpassable for Waggons, Carts, and other Wheel Carriages, and very dangerous for Travellers; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually A Petition of John Dalston Esquire was presented to amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Method

Wootton

Babel

Eitctiou.

the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the last Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of Wilts, Daniel Boone Esquire, Peter Delmee, Esquire, Borlacc Richmond Webb Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates: That, at the said Election, one John Sturges, took upon himself to preside as returning Officer, and acted in a most arbitrary and partial manner, by admitting divers Persons to poll for the said Peter Delmee, who had no Right to poll, and refuting many Persons who had a Right to poll, and tendered their Votes for the Petitioner; and, after the Poll was over, made a Return in Favour of Daniel Boone and Peter Delmee, Esquires, though the Petitioner had acon-siderable fair Majority of the legal Voters of the said Borough, more than the said Peter Delmee, and ought to have been returned accordingly: That divers other unjust, corrupt, and illegal Practices w ere made use of by, and on the Behalf of, the said Peter Delmee, to procure himself to be returned for the said Borough; to the great Injury of the Petitioner, and in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the Voters of the said Borough: And praying, such Relief as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the Ilouie.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition upon Monday the 3d Day of March next.

A Petition of King Gould Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That Sir Robert Long Baronet, Nicolas Robin fan Esquire, Edward Prideaux Gwyn, and the Petitioner, were Candidates at the last ElcClion for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Wootton Bqffit, in the County of Wilts: That the said Sir notorious 1

Threats, Menaces, and other illegal and unwarrantable Practices, the said Sir Robert Long did procure himself to be returned for the said Borough; in manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner, who otherwise would have been e'cCled by a Majority of legal Votes, and mult have been returned: And praying such Relief as to the House shall form meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-Adoration of the Committee of Privileges and Electioiu: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction tq the said Coin-

appointed by the Laws now in being: And therefore praying Leave, That a Bill may be brought into the House, for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, through the Town of Oldham, to Auster lands, in the Parish of Saddleworth, in the County of York; and that the same may be passed with such Powers, and under such Regulations, as- shall seem most agreeable to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as itlhall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Dun combe, Mr. Hungerjord, Mr. Brer elan, Captain Purvis, Mr. Turner, Mr. Longueville, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Wyllimot, Colonel Murray, Mr. Philips, Mr. Earle, Mr. Stuart, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Long, Sir Orl. Bridgman, Mr. Lijle, Lord Gage, Mr. Grove, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Goddard, Mr. Penton, Mr. Andrews, Colonel Peter Campbell, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Gore, Mr. York, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Justinian Jsham, Mr. Archer, Mr. Corbet, Sir James Grant, Sir Geo. CaJ-wall, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Lock* wood, Mr. Harley, Sir John Shelly, Lord Polwarth, Mr. Plumer, Sir Nicolas Williams, Mr. Smith, Mr. Parsons Mr. Tower, Mr. More, Mr. Laroche; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Chester, Lancaster, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attended, according to Order, and amended the Return for the Shire of Peebles.

mittee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition at the same time they hear the Matter of the Petition of Edward Prideaux Gwyn Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough.

A Petition of the principal Gentlemen, and Owners Mandiefter* and Occupiers of Lands, and Inhabitants, of the 1 own Ac. Roads, of Manchester, and the several Townships of Newton, Failsworth, and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; alleging,

That the Roads leading from the said Town of Manchester, through the several Townships, to a Place called j

Amterlands, in the Parish of Saddleworth, in the County J

of York, are very much travelled through, being Part of the common Highway from Manchester to the trading Towns of Huthersfield and Wakefield; and that, by reason of the Nature of the Soil, and of the many heavy Carriages frequently passing through the same from the several Coal and Cannel Pits contiguous theretd, to the said Town of Manchester, the said Roads are become fb ruinous, that in Winter Sealbn, and oftentimes in Summer,

Peebles Election Return amended

A Petition of the Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants of, B^rlboroi Robert Long and his Agents were guilty of or living near, the Parillies of Marlborough, Avebury, bribery and Corruption; whereby, and by Devizes, Caine, and Chippenham, in the County of Wilts,

whole Names are thereunto subscribed; and also of several Gentlemen, and others, that live in Places adjacent, that frequently travel to London, Bath, and Bristol, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Roads leading from Shepherds Shord. in the Parish of Bijheps Cannings, to the Earl of Hertford's House, in the Parish of Prejhott, through West Rennet, and Overton, being the old accustomed Roads; and also from the Hare and IIoundsf at Bcckhamton, in the Parish of Avebury, directly cruis the Down, to the Caine Turnpike Road, at the Top of Cherhill Hill: in the Parish of Cherhiil; by reulbti of many heavy Waggons, and other Carriages, liequently passing through the lame, are become very

thunderous,

1

iili

8 Geo. II.

io° Fcbrua

373

founderous, many Parts thereof being so bad in the Winler-season, that the same arc dangerous toPaffen-gers: And therefore, and in regard the Inhabitants of the several Pat idles w herein the said Roads lie, cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws now in force, effectually amend, and k*ep in Repair, the Roads aforesaid, unless some farther Provision be made for that Purpose, praying Leave to bring in a Bill |V>r repairing the Roads aforesaid, in such manner as to the House shall feetn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House,

And it is referred to Mr. Ivory Talbot, Mr. Hun* gerford, Sir Thomas Franklaml, Mr. Campbell, Sir STa-thanael Curzon, Mr. Earle, Lord tinge, Mr. Eyles, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Duncombe, Sirjof Eulcs, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Eduard Harley, Mr. Robert Harley, Sir Jujlinian Isham. Mr. Corbet, Mr. Lockwood, Lord Pohcarth, Lord Cornbury, Lord Baltimore. Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Zh/-thurjf, Sir 0/7. Bridgman, Mr. Rutherford, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Ltdlcr, Mr. A'Court, Dr. Arc, Mr. Clayton, Sir John Heathcote, Mr. White, Sir Edu ard Bering, Colonel Murray, Mr. Slope r, Sir Francis Boynton, Sir Wilfrid Jutufon, Sir Charles Slordannt, lx>rd Bulkeley, Sir James Grant, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Philips, Mr. Yorke, Sir Wm. Carczc, Mr. Shuttlcicorth, Colonel Codrington, Mr. Plumer, Mr.; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Wilts, So met ft, and Gloucejicr: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Parliament: And therefore praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Basil Hamilton Esquire was presented Dumfries to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Dele- &c. Election; gates of the respective Burghs of Dumfries, Kircudbright, Lochmaben, Annan, and Sanquhar, being, in order to clioofe their Representative in# Parliament, met within the Council House of the Borough of Kircudbright, the presiding Burgh of the said District, and the honourable Charles Evejkine, his Majesty's Solicitor for Scotland, and the Petitioner, having both offered their Service in Parliament for the said District, the Petitioner was elected by a Majority of the legal Voters, having had the Votes of the preliding Burghs of Kircudbright and Sanquhar for him; whereas Mr.

Erejkinc had only those of Dumfries and Annan, the Delegate for Lochmaben being disqualified by Law, and so having uo Right to vote; and that Mr. Erejkine himself was not capable of being elected a Member of Parliament, being then a Professor of the Law of Nature and Nations in the College of Edinburgh, and so necessarily obliged to attend his Profession: And therefore praying the House to consider of the Merits of this Election, and determine in it, as to them 11ih.1L seem fit.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the First Day of April next.

Wallingford A Petition of George Lewen Esquire was presented to EWfcwi. the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the lad Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wallingford, in the County of Berks, the Petitioner, with If illiatn Hacks and Thomas Tmcers Esquires, were Candidates, when the Petitioner had a Majority of good Votes, and therefore ought to have been returned to represent the fame, but by means of Bribes, Promises, and other indirect Practices, made tifeofby the said William Hacks and Thomas Towers Esquires, their Friends and Agents, and the Mayor’s refusing to poll several good Voters, who would have -voted for the Petitioner, and admitting Persons to vote for the said Williutn IIticks and Thomas Towers Esquires, who had no legal Right to vote, they, the said William Hucks and Thomas Toners Esquires, have procured themselves to be returned Burgesses for the said Borough; to the nianifeft Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Lincoln A Petition of Thomas Chaplin Esquire was presented

Ele&km. to the House, and read; setting forth. That, at the lad Election of Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Lincoln, Charles Monfm and Coningsby Sibthorp Esquires, and the Petitioner, (lood Candidates: That the Petitioner was duly elected by a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned for the said City: That corrupt, unjust, and illegal Practices were made use of by, for, and on the behalf of, the said Coningsby Sibthorp, in order to procure him to be elected and returned a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the said City: That, by such Practices, . the said Coningsby Sibthorp hath procured himself to be returned for the said City; to the manifest Wrong and Jnjury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected by a Majority of good and legal Votes, and ought to have been returned a Citizen for the said City in this present

A Petition of Alexander Ferguson Esquire was pre- Dumfriei fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the County honourable Charles Err/kine, his Majesty’s Solicitor for t,cCUun* Scotland, and the Petitioner, having both offered their Service in Parliament to the Freeholders, in the Shire of Dumfries, on the Day appointed by the Sheriff for that End, the Freeholders did, in order to choose their Representative, meet at Dumfries, the Head Burgh of the Shire, where, the Votes being called for the choosing of Prafes and Clerk, according to a Roll erroneously made up at the Michaelmas Head Court preceding, Sir Thomas Kilpatrick, of Clojeburn, was chosen Prafes, and John Hynd Clerk: That the Party, by whom the Prafes and Clerk were chosen, being a Majority of the above Roll, not only illegally refused to add to the Roll fudi Persons as had voted without Objection at former Elections, in the first place, before proceeding to review the Michaelmas Roll, or judge of the Qualifications of those who had uot been formerly inrolled, but proceeded likewise, without the least Scruple, or Regard to the Qualifications required by Law for enabling Freeholders to vote in the Choice of their Representative, to admit some, and reject others, as they imagined would best serve their Purpose: That the Petitioner was elected to represent the Shire of Dwnfries by a Majority of the legal Voters: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, at the Bar of this House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the First Day of April next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for Ihe Yeas, } Si.

Tellers so, be Noes, ] ..5-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Petition of the Masters, Workmen, and other Per- %Kportat\oa fons concerned in the Woollen and Silk Manufactures of Wool, within the Town of Bampton, Devonshire, in behalf of

5 C themselves.

io° — ii° Februarii.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Kobinfon’s

Surrender*

374

themselves, and all other Persons concerned in the said Manufactures throughout Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the unlawful Exportation of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland, and of Woollen Goods completely mannfadured from Ireland to foreign Countries: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to provide such Remedies, and to give the Petitioners such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Masters, Workmen, and other Persons concerned in the Woollen and Silk Manufactures within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, in Behalf of themselves, and all otiier Persons concerned in the said Manufactures throughout Great Britain, is referred.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as foIJoweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Thirty thousand Men be employed for Sea Service, for the Year 1735, beginning from the First Day of January 1734.

Bcfolvedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Thirty thousand Men for Thirteen Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Qucllion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of the Assignees and Creditors of George Bobinfony late of Lombard fb'eet, London, Banker and Broker, against whom a Commission of Bankrupt hath been awarded, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the said George Robinson, being largely indebted to the Petitioners, did, on or about the 12th Day of October 1731, withdraw into Parts beyond the Seas, and carried with him the greatest Part of his Books, Papers, Writings, and Securities, which related to his Estate and EffeCls; whereby the said Assignees were rendered incapable of recovering his Debts and Effects for the Benefit of the Petitioners; and that the said Robinson did not surrender diimself to take the Benefit of the Act, made in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, to encourage’and compel him to appear; because, as the Petitioners have been informed, he received no Notice thereof, before the Expiration of the time thereby limited for his Surrender; and that he is very desirous to surrender himself, and to make a full and true Discovery of his Estate and Effects, and to deliver up the fame, and all Books, Papers, Writings, and Securities, relating the reunto, for the Benefit of his Creditors; but, being by the said Act liable to be adjudged a Felon, and to suffer Death, for not complying the rewith, is incapable of making such Surrender, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to allow the said Robinson farther time to surrender himself, and to discover and deliver up his Estate and Effects, and all Books, Papers, Writings, and Securities, relating the reunto; or to grant the Petitioners such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter

A. 1754-

thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of several Freemen and Sons of Burgesses, Stafford of the Borough of Stafford, in the County of Stafford, KIcdwi. Was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That, <at the last Election for Members of Parliament for the said Borough of Stafford, in the County of Stafford, Thomas Foley, William Chetwynd, Thomas Parker, and John Dolphin, Esquires, stood Candidates*:,

That the said Thomas Parker had a Majority oflegal Votes, and ought to have been returned One of the Members for the said Borough: That the Petitioners were arbitrarily refused to be sworn Burgesses of the said Borough, though they were duly entitled to be made Burgesses, and demanded their Right of Burges-fiiip; and the Mayor of the said Town, at the said Election, also arbitrarily refused to take the Poll of the Petitioners, and a great many other Voters, who, he well knew, had a legal Right to poll, and tendered their Votes for the said Mr. Parker; and hath falsely and unjustly returned the said Mr. Chetwynd, though the Majority of the legal Voters appeared, and tendered their Votes for the said Mr. Parker; in manifest Violation of the Rights of Election, and to the Prejudice of the Petitioners: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition at the same time they hear the Matter of the Petition of Thomas Parker Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return lor the said Borough of Stafford.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Gwiraiurt Elections be adjourned. of Priiity*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, ii° die FebrUarit \

Anno 8° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1734.

Prayers.

A BILL for naturalizing Samuel Engel and John EogeVs, Peter Blaquiere, was read a Second time. Nttt*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Campbell, Colonel Handafyde, Mr. Noel, Mr. Onjlmv,

Mr. Leheup, Mr. Pigott, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr.

Boone, Mr. Lindsay, Mr. Praed, Sir Hubert Monroe,

Lord Gage, Colonel Onflcnc, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Lon-gueville, Mr. Biffe, Mr. Kent, Lord Robert Montague,

Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Rose, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Barnard, Sir Nathanael Curzoti, Mr. Bacon, Mr. York, Mr. PUmpire, Mr.

Digby, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Earle;

Lord Polwarth, Mr. Parfuns, Mr. Chobnondeley, Mr. Alderman Pcny, Mr. Finer, Sir James Grant, Mr. Pa~ pillon. Sir Edward Deer ing, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Williams, Sir Robert Long, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr.

Talbot, Mr. Bozvles, Mr. Butler, Mr. Booth, Sir Wm.

Clayton, Mr. Grenville, Sir Geo. Cafaall, Mr. Hamilton,

Lord Middlesex, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Archer, Mr.

Griffith, Sir fVm. Wentworth, Lord Galway: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The honourable John Spencer Esquire, being chosen a Bcdf Knight Of the Shire for the County of Bedford, and also, Wi

a Burgess

by

8 Geo. II. 11° Februarii.

375

a Burgess for the Borough of New Woodstock, in the County of Oxon, made his Election to serve for the said Borough of New Wood flock.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the said County of Bedford, in the room of the said Mr. Spencer.

lent Ordered, That Mr.* Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Kent, in the room of the Right honourable William Lord Viscount Vane, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased.

Norwich Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Wnu the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Citizen to serve in this, present Parliament for the City of Norwich, in the room of Waller Bacon Esquire, deceased.

Wley William Bozvles Esquire, being chosen a Burgess for VM* the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Bewdley, in the f County of Worcester, made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Bridport.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Bewdley, in the room of the said Mr. Bowles.

Vermouth The honourable George Dodington, of Dodinglon, Writ. Esquire, being chosen a Burgess for the Borough of Weymouth ana Melcomb Regis, in the County of Dorset, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Bridgewater, in; the County of Somerset, made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Bridgewater.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for; electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis,

I in the room of the said Mr. Dodinglon.

OkISarum Thomas Pitt Esquire, being chosen a Burgess for the Writ. Borough of Oakehampton, in the County of Devon, and

also a Burgess for the Borough of Old Sarum, in the County of Wilts, made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Oakehampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for

(electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Old Sarujn, in the room of the said Mr. Pitt. t

‘ipMiefcim Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Writ the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for k' electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament

f* for the Borough of Agmondesham,\w the County of Bucks,

in the room of Thomas Lutwyche Esquire, deceased.

i*

i Eafdow The House being informed. That Edward Trelawney f' Writ, Esquire, who is returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Eastlow, in the County of Cornwall, and also for the Borough of West-i’’ low, alias Portpigham, in the said County, was, at the

time of his Election, and (till is, One of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament

for the Borough of EaJILow, in the County of Cornwall,

in the room of the said Mr. Trelawney, who, fmee his

j Election for the said Borough, hath continued to enjoy

' the Office of One of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s

Customs.

Wefclow Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to ,) Writ the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for 1 Vol. 52.

electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Westloxv, alias Portpigham, in the said County, in the room of the said Mr. Trelawney.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Exeter the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for ^nt. electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Exeter, in the room of the honourable John King Esquire, now Lord King, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to stockbridge the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, in the room of John Mountague Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue. his Warrant to Suffolk the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this* presentr Parliament for the County of Suffolk, in the room of Sir Robert Kemp Baronet, deceased.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are there- Tittenfor unto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act Road#, of Parliament, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing and amending the Highways between the Town or Village of Tittenfor, and the most Northern Part of Talk on the Hill\ in Butt-lane, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That, at the Time of passing the said Act, the Roads, thereby directed to be repaired, were so bad, in the Winter-season, that the Petitioners were under a Necessity to borrow a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the fcv'wal Tolls and Duties thereby granted, and made payable, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, in order to make the same passable: That the Sum of Twelve hundred Pounds, or thereabouts, so borrowed, together with the whole Income of the Toll collected, except what hath been paid for the Interest of the Money borrowed, and for discharging the Principal, and other necessary Expences, hath been, from time to time, laid out in repairing the said Roads; and that, before the said Roads were sufficiently repaired, the said Act was near expiring; and that the Petitioners, for some Y'ears lall pail, have been obliged to lay out the whole Income of the Toll, or the greatest Part thereof, in Discharge of the said Money borrowed upon the Credit thereof, and have been able to lay out but a very inconsiderable Sum for the last Five Years in repairing the said Roads, by reason whereof several Parts of the said Roads are become very ruinous, and dangerous to Travellers, and cannot sufficiently, by the ordinary Course of Law, be repaired: And therefore praying.

That I,cave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers, granted by the said former Act, for so longtime, and in such manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Levejon Gower, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Papillon,

Mr. Bootle, Colonel Murray, Sir Robert Long, S\v James Ferguson, Mr. Selwyn, Sir Francis Boynton, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Master, Mr. Lyster, Lord Gage, Colonel Handafydc, Mr. Proby, Sir Henry Slingsby, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Rozvland Alflon, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Hacks,

Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Watkyn Wms. Wynne,

Mr. Harley, Mr. Fane, Mr. Longueville, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Boteler, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Burrell, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Lord John Murray, Mr. Edgcumbe, Lord Morpeth, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Mr. Dundafs, Mr. Archer, Sir James Grant, Mr.

Talbot, Mr. Griffith, Lord Middlesex, Mr. Hamilton,

Lord PcAzoarth, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Blacket, Mr. Plumptre,

11° — r i° Februarii.

Lanerk

Writ.

Chipping W icombe Writ.

Exportation of Wool.

New

Romney

Election.

Exportation of Wool.

Plytnpto

'Writ.

376

A. 1734.

Mr. Bramflmu Mr. Hume Campbell; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Stafford, Chester, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to feud for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Lanerk, in the room of the Right honourable William Hamilton Esquire, commonly called Lord William Hamilton, deceased.

Edmund Waller Esquire, being chosen a Burgess for the Borough of Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Chipping Wicombe, in the said County, made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Great Marlow:

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Chipping Wicombe, in the room of the said Mr. Waller.

A Petition of the Masters, Workmen, and others, concerned in the Woollen and Silk Manufactures, within the Town of Chulmleigh, in the County of Devon, in behalf of themselves, and all other Persons concerned in the said Manufactures throughout Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the unlawful Exportation of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland, and of Woollen Goods, completely manufactured, from Ireland to foreign Countries: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to provide such Remedies, and to give the Petitioners such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mailers, Workmen, and other Persons concerned in the Woollen and Silk Manufactures within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, in behalf of themselves, and all other Persons concerned in the said Manufactures throughout Great Britain, is referred.

Ordered, That the Order, made by the Committee of Privileges and Elections, for hearing the Matter of the Petition of Sir Robert Aufiin Baronet, and George Furncffe Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town and Port of New Romney, in the County of Kent, upon Monday the Seventeenth Day of this inllant February, be discharged, at the Desire of the Parties.

A Petition of the Masters, Workmen, and other Persons, concerned in the Woollen Manufactures, within the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton, in behalf of themselves, and all other Persons concerned in the said Manufactures throughout Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read 5 complaining of the unlawful Exportation of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland, and of Woollen Goods completely manufactured, from Ireland to foreign Countries: And therefore praying the House to take the Premisea into Consideration; and to provide such Remedies, and to give the Petitioners such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Masters, Workmen, and other Persons, concerned in the Woollen and Silk Manufactures, within the City of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, in behalf of themselves, and all other Persons concerned in the said Manufactures throughout Great Britain, is referred.

Richard Edgcumbe, Esquire, being chosen a Burgess for the Borough of Lejtwilhiell, in the County of Corn-

wall, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Plympton, in the County of Devon, made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Lejhvithiell.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Plympton, in the room of the said Mr. Edgcumbe.

Sir William Tonge Knight of the most Honourable Afiiburtoa Order of the Bath, and Baronet, being chosen a Burgess Writ for the Borough of Honilon, in the County of Devon, and also a Burgess for the Borough of AJ^burton, in the said County, made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Honiton.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Ashburton, in the room of the said Sir William Yonge.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Montmh the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for ^Vm, electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Monmouth, in the room of John Hanbury, Esquire, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 120 die Februarii;

Anno 8° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1734.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Masters, Workmen, and Exportation other Persons concerned in the Woollen Manu- of WwL factures, within the Township of Kighley, in the County of York, on behalf of themselves, and other Persons concerned in the said Manufactures throughout Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the unlawful Exportation of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland; and of Woollen Goods, completely manufactured, from Ireland to foreign Countries: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to provide such Remedies, and to give the Petitioners such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Masters, Workmen, and other Persons concerned in the Woollen and Silk Manufactures, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, in behalf of themselves, and all other Persons concerned in the said Manufactures throughout Great Britain, is referred.

A Petition of the Burgesses, Masters and Owners of Whitby Ships, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Whitby, in the fiarbwr County of York, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That, in pursuance of several Acts of Parliament, made in the First and Seventh Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, good and substantial Piers have been erected at the said Town and Port of Whitby, and kept in good Repair; and that the Security which Colliers and Coasters have had in the said Port, hap greatly encouraged the Navigation, and increased the Number of Seamen; but that the Entrance into the said Port has been greatly obstructed for some Years past, to the gre^t Damage and Hazard of Colliers, and Coasting Ships, by a Bank of Sand gathering about the West Pier which might be prevented by lengthening the said Pier about One hundred Yards; and that the Dutie^ granted by the last mentioned Acts of Parliament being barely sufficient to kfeep the said Piers in Repair, the Petitioners are unable to make the Additiou proposed to the West Pier, without the Help of Parliament: And therefore

8 Geo. II.

12° Februarii.

377

Aldboroogh

Writ

Ditto.

Engci’i, &c, Nat,

Exportation of Wool.

Ditto.

fore praying the House to take the Premises into Confileration; and to grant them fuel) Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Comm it tee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report I he fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Turner, Mr Thnmpfon, Mr. Soell, Mr. Talbott, Sir John Barnard, St Francis Boynton, Mr. Crotvle. Mr. Rubinfon, Mr. Gybhon, Mr. Forrefier, Mr. Winnington, Sir Eduard Stanley, Mr. Treby, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Copit don, Mr. I eh nip, Mr. Pi umpire, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Robert Harley, J/>rd Pohoarth, Mr. Stert, Mr. Fenton, Mr. Goddard, Mr. Tower, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Bromley, Sir Wm Carete, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Pelham, Mr. jfcswrt, \U. Cornwall, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Duckett, Sir Thomas Sebright, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Lyficr, Sir James Grant, Mr. /Wr, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cunningham, Sir Hubert Ijong, Mr. Rowney, Mr Birch, S\v Wm. Heathcocc, Mr. ////me Campbell, Mr. l.et dime re, Mr Yorke, S;r Wwi Staple-ton, Mr. LongnniUe, Mr. //</y, Mr. Compton; Mr. Dundas, Mr. Andrews-, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of lu/A and Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at l ive of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Paj>er8, and Records.

The Right honourable Henry Pelham Esquire, being diofen a Knight of the Shirt- for the County of Sussex, and also a Bnrgrfs for the Borough of Aldborough, in the County of York, made his Election to serve for the said County of S.tssex.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifTio his Warrant to the Clerk of the t ron-n, to mak« out a new Writ for electing a Burgof?»tn serve in rh.* prefrnt Parliament for the said Borough of Aldborough, in the room of the said Mr. Pelham.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Aldborough, in the room of William Jtjffbp Esquire, deceased.

Sir James Campbell reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Samuel Engel and John Peter Bbtjjiere, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Committee had gone through the B*!l; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be iugroifed.

A Petition of the Masters and Workmen, and other Persons, concerned in the Woollen and Silk Manufactures of Barkway, in Hertfordshire, and the Inhabitants round about, in behalf of themselves, and all other Persons concerned in the said Manufactures throughout Great Britain; and also,

A Petition of the Masters and Workmen, and other Persons concerned in the Woollen and Silk Manufactures within the Town of A orthampfon, and adjacent Places, in behalf of themselves, and all other Persons concerned in the said Manufactures throughout Great Britain;

Were federally prefeoted to the House, and read; complaining of the uulawful Exportat ion of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland; and of Woollen Goods, completely manufactured, from Ireland to foreign Countries: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to provide such Remedies, and to give the Petitioners such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Masters, Workmen, and other Persons, concerned Vol. 22. X

in the Woollen and Silk Manufactures, within the Citief of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, in behalf of themselves, and all other Persons concerned in the said Manufactures throughout Great Britain, is referred.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Wallingford of Privileges and Elections, That they do hear the Election. Matter of the Petition of George Leivcn Esquire, com-pluining ofun undue Elect ion and Return for the Borough of Wallingford, in the County of Berks, upon lYednesday he Twenty-sixth Day of this instant February.

t

A petition of llandal Mackdoncl Esquire being offered MackdoneP* to be presented to the House; ^Estateif

Mr. Walpole, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted a the House, That the same of the Petitioner having been humbly represented to his Majesty, his Majesty gives his Consent, that the House may do therein as they think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, in the Year 1728, entered upon, and hath ever since enjoyed, the Profits of certain Lands in the Kingdom of Ireland, as next Remainder-man in Tail Male, under the Limitations of Articles made the Eighth Day of January 1686, on the Marriage of his Father Randal Mackdonel Esquire; which Lands, subject to the said Limitations, were, by Letters Patent of the same Date, granted to the Trustees in the said Articles named, by his late Majesty King James the Second; upon whose Abdication the Petitioner's laid Father, being one of his menial Servants, followed him into France, and thereby incurred an Outlawry for High Treason; having before, in the Month of October 1688, purchased, in Fee-simple, other l*ands, not subject to any of the said Limitations; but that, afterwards, his Majesty King William, thinking the same extremely compassionate, was graciously pleased, by his Letters Patent dated the Sixth Day of November 1696, to grant the said Fee-simple Lands, as well as the said other Lands, during the Life of the said Randal, in Trull, among other Things, to secure to the Petitioner’s Mother her separate Annuity, and several other Advantages: That this Grant, with other Grants of the same Nature, was resumed by an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his said Majesty, whereby the said several Estates and Interests were veiled in Trustees in the said Act named, for the Purposes therein mentioned; by whose Decree, upon a Claim made the Fifth Day of March 1701, by the Petitioner’s Mother, on the behalf of her Children, the Remainders in Tail, limited by the said Articles, were finally and conclusively established: That, by a private Act of Parliament, made in the First Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Hannah Macdonel with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland, it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That the said Hannah, who was the Petitioner’s Mother, and her Children, should enjoy the full Benefit of the said Grant, and of the said Marriage Articles: That the Petitioner having lately entered into a Treaty for the Disposal of Part of the Premises, in order to pay off some Debts contracted by himself, and to discharge Incumbrances affecting the whole Estate, it hath been objected to Ins Title, that no common Recovery could bar the Reversion iu Fee expectant upon the Determination of the said Remainders in Tail which w as vested in the Crown by his Father’s Attainder; and that the Petitioner hath not complied with a Clause in the said Act, which disables every Person educated in the Popish Religion, and not taking the Oaths, and subscribing the Declarations, therein mentioned, within Six Months after attaining the Age of Eighteen Years, to inherit, or take by Descent, any of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by any Title under the said Act; and grants the Enjoyment of the Premises, during the Life of such Person, or until he or she shall take the said Oaths, and subscribe the said Declaration, to the next 5 D

boos le

6

° Februarii-

378 — 13

tiis or her Kindred, being Protestants, without being accountable for the Profits during such Enjoyment: That the Petitioner hath proposed to abate, in the Purchase of the said Estate, any Sum, at which so remote and distant a Reversion could be estimated; and hath made it appear, that his Title to the Lands comprised in the said Articles doth not depend upon the said Act; and, if it did, his Compliance with the said Clause was impossible, he having attained the Age of Eighteen Years above Twenty Years before the time of coming into Possession of the said Estate; and that the said Clause cannot be construed to deprive him of the Freehold or Inheritance of the said Estate, but of the Perception of the Profits only; and that no Person was then, or is now in being, capable of enjoying even the Profits of the said Estate, within the Intention of that Clause: but that the Petitioner cannot proceed in the Sale of the said Estate, but upon very disadvantageous Terms; and is thereby disabled from discharging either his own Debts, or those affecting the Estate: And therefore praying the House to give Leave for the bringing in a Bill to explain the said Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne-, and for enabling the Petitioner to fell or encumber the Premises, as he shall be advised, and fee necessary.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Hannah Macdonel, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland; and for enabling Randal Macdonel Esquire to fell or encumber the Estate therein mentioned: And that Mr. Pulteney and Mr. Walpole do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Marlborough Ordered, That the Matter of the Petition of Thomas

Elfr&icm. Newnham and Benjamin Hays Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, which Petition was presented to the House the Thirty-first Day of January last* and referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections, be heard at v the Bar of this House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday the Thirteenth Day of March next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

A. 1734.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Commit '

ll6.

Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nineot the Clock.

of

Privilege

Tellers for the Yeas,£*r fV-fon8e’

’£Mr. Maijler:

Tellers for the Noes f Sir John Hind \

tellers for the I\oes^Mr jun. >I?1-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petition.

Ways The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a and Meant. Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Jovisy 130 die Februarii;

Anno 8* Georgii Ildl Regis, 1734.

P RATERS.

THE House being informed, that Satisfaction had Privity, been given to Mr. Alderman Parsons, a Member of this House, in relation to the Breach of Privilege complained of the Fifth Day of February instant.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding on the Matter of the said Complaint.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Samuel Engel and Engel’s,fcc. John Peter Blaquiere, was read the Third time. Na.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for 'naturalizing Samuel Engel and John Peter Blaquiere.

Ordered, That Sir James Campbell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are there- st. Gild's unto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act Pound t* of Parliament, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign Kilbura of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing Roai* the Road from St. Giles's Pound to Kilburn Bridge, in the County of Middlefe.r, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Sum of Six thousand One hundred Fifty-nine Pounds Five Shillings and Four Pence Principal Money, or thereabouts, is now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act granted, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, for repairing the said Road, which, at the time of passing the said Act, was in a ruinous Condition; and, though the Money, so borrowed, hath been duly applied, is, in several Parts thereof, scarce passable in the Winter-season: That, in respect of the Smallness of the said Tolls, and several Defects in the said Act, the said Road cannot be eflfeftually amended, and the Money so borrowed repaid, unless the Tolls, Term, and Powers, granted by the said Act, be enlarged: That Oxfordfireet leading from St. Giles's Pound to a Place commonly called The Lord Mayor's Banqueling-house Bridge, having been partly paved with Pebbles by the Trustees, and partly by the Inhabitants, and being in other Parts, unpaved, and full of deep Holes, is incapable of being repaired and cleansed, as it ought to be, without further Powers and Di rest ions: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term, Tolls, and Powers aforesaid, and for the other Purposes before mentioned; or that such other Relief may be given as to the House shall seem most fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that Qthey do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the Houife:

And it is referred to Sir Francis Child, Mr. Compton,

Sir James Campbell, Mr. Wollojloiiy Mr. Longueville, Mr.

Scrope, Sir Wilfrid Law [on, Mr. EreJkiiiCy Mr. Stuart,

Mr. Wm. Hucks, Mr. Robert Hacks, Mr. Laroche, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Vyner, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Balle, Mr.

Clayton, Sir James Grant, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Man, Sir Geo. Cafwell, Mr. Wat kin Wms. Wynne, Mr. Corbet Kinafton, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Foley, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Richard Pturner, Mr. Wm. Plummer, Mr. Smith, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Proby, Mr.

Lifter, Mr. Archer, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. John Harris,

Sir John Rufhout, Sir Thomas Sebright, Sir Robert Grof-venor, Mr. Willimott, Mr. Gozver, Lord Tyrconnell, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Treby, Mr. Bacon, Sir John

Hind

8 Geo. II. 13" Februarii.

379

Hind Cotton, Mr. Part/, Mr. Shntffewarth, Sir Win. Heathcote, Mr. lorA*, Mr D^n infs, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Earle, Mr. Haring Mr Bromley, Mr. Ijockyer; Mr. Shepherd; and all the Member* that serve for the (bounties <»f Middlesex and Hertford: And they are to ir.eet this Afternoon, at five i f the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Periods, Papers, and Records.

Sir Edward Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal Gentlemen, and Owners and Occupiers of Lands, and Inhabitants of the Town of Manchester, and the several Townships of Sew ton, Failsworth, and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Ijancaster, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said TM;tion; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The said Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the Petition:

And, to prove what is alleged therein, the following Witnesse* were examined; viz.

James Hilton, John Fletcher: Who gave Evidence, That they are well acquainted with the Roads mentioned in the Petition; and that the same are very ruinous, inso much that it isalmod impossible for W heel -carriages to pass to and from the Coal and Cannel Pits contiguous thereto; and that, although the said Roads have been condantly repaired, as the Law directs, yet, by reason of the Nature of the Soil, and the great Number of Carriages passing thereon to and from the said Pits, as well as other Carriages which frequently travel through the said Roads, the same cannot be made passable for Carriages, or even for Travellers, to pass through the same with Safety, unless some further Provision be made by Parliament for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from the Town of Manchester, leading through Neioton, Faiftcorth, and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Anflerlands, in the Parish of Saddleuvrth, in the County of York: And that Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Shultleworth, and Mr. Lifter, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Leveson Gouer reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names ore thereunto subscribed, appointed to putin Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing and amending the Highways between the Town or Village of Tittenfor and the most Northern Parts of Talk on the Hill, in Butt-lane, in the County of Stafford, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred, have, pursuant to the Order of the House, of the nth Day of this Instant, examined the Matter thereof:

And, to prove what is alleged therein, the following Witnesses were examined; viz.

Mr. Theophilus Level, being examined, said, That, at the time of passing the said Act, the Roads between Tittenfor and the Northern Part of Talk on the Ilill, in Butt4ane, in the said County, werefo very bajl in the Winter-season, that the Commissioners in the said Act named were obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money, on the Credit of the several Tolls and Duties thereby granted, and made payable, for the Term of Tw enty-one Years, in order to make the Roads passable.

The said Mr. Levett and Mr. Robert Barber, being severally examined, said. That the Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, together with the Income of

Vol. 22.

the Toll (except what hath been paid for the Interest of the Money borrowed, and for discharging the principal Sum, and other necessary Expences), hath, from time to time, been laid out in repairing the said Roads:

That the said Act expiring at Midsummer next, and a very small Part of the Tolls having been applied towards repairing the said Roads, for . Four or Five lad Years; by reason thereof, the Roads are now become very bad and ruinous, and cannot be effectually repaired and maintained by the ordinary Course of the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

Ordered, That I^eave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing and amending the Highways between the Town or Village of Tittenfor and the most Northern Parts of Talk on the Hill, in Butt-lane, in the County of Stafford: And that Mr. Leveson Gower, ami Sir Walter Wagftaff Bagot, do prepare, and bring iu, the fame.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported Ways from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it and Means, was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutiou which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read* and is as followeth; viz.

Refulvcd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament, of the Seventh Year of his Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1735, farther continued and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall he made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the Twenty-third Day of June 173s; to the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1736.

The said Ilesolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Dodington, Sir George Oxenden, Mr. Clayton, Sir William Yonge, Mr.

Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Scropc, and Mr. Edward Walpole, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Augments posed. That an humble Address be presented to his tion of the Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Force*. Directions to the proper Officer or Officers to lay before this House, an Account of Services incurred by augmenting his Majesty’s Sea and Land Forces, and in concerting such other Measures as the Exigency of his Majesty's Affairs have required, distinguishing what Part thereof has been paid for before the 10th Day of this inliant February, and out of what Money the same has been paid;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " distinguishing " what Part thereof has been paid for before the 10th " Day of this indant February, and out of what €i Money the same has been paid

And the Question being put, That those Words Hand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment being proposed to be made to the Question, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words, " over and above those, of which Accounts " have been laid before this House f

The Cianfe of an Act, made in the last Session of the lad Parliament, intituled, An Aftfor enablinghis Majesty to apply the Sum of One million Two hundred thousand Pounds out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the

Jkfirlborough

Roads.

380 13 ® — 140 Februarii. ^.1734.

Year 1734, and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; which Clause relates to the Augmentation of his Majesty s Forces by Sea or Land, was read:

And the Titles of the Accounts and Estimates, presented to the House in this Session, which relate to the fair! Augmentation, were also read:

Then the Question being put, That these Words, " over and above those, of which Accounts have* been " laid before this Houfq," beadded.to the Queiliou; The House divided. !4

The Yeas went forth. I

’Tellers for the Yeafe, J andys,

’(Mr, lyuer;

109.

Tellers for the N oes,

C jVIr. Clayton,

1671

<..... )

*l^U\ Andrews: ' 3

So it passed in the Negative.

And then, after Debate upop the Question, so amended, it being ^fter Four of theiClock;

The House resolved to adjourn till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

jj Veneris, 14.0 die Februarii;

j. Anno 8° Georgii II^ Regis, 1734.

pRATtHS,

MR. Ivory Talbot reported from the Committee, to \yhofn the^Pefcition of thh Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants of, or living near, the Parishes of "Marlbd-rbiigh, A'vebu'ry, Devizes, Caine, and Chippenham, in the CJhnty of Wills, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and also of several Gentleman, and others, that live in iPl&ceS adjacent, that frequently travel to L&ndon, Bath, hnd Bristol, was referred, That the Committee had exa-rhitied the Matter of tile said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the Moiife; and he read the Report in his fclace; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is, as follows; viz.

The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, of the Tenth Instant, have examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And to prove the Allegations.of the fame, Witnesses were called; viz.

Thomas Smith Esquire: Who said, That the Roads mentioned in the Petition are Part of the Great Road leading from London to Bath, Bristol, and other considerable trading Towns in the Western Parts of this Kingdom; and lead from the End of the Turnpikes ereCled, by former Acts of Parliament, at the Devizes, and Sandy-lane; which Roads, so directed to be repaired, meet at Sheppards Shord, over the Down to Back-hampton\ as also the Road from the End of Cain Turnpike Road, over the Top of Cherh ill hill, where the upper and the lower Roads meet and cross; and that the Roads from Beekhampton, through Kennel, to tire 'Pop of Overton-hill, in the Parish of Avebury, and so on to St. Peter*s Church in Marlborough, as also from the Cross-way to the farther End of Avebury, leading to Marlborough; are so very bad, that the same are become dangerous for Travellers to pass and repass: And he said further, That the Inhabitants of Avebury, through which the Roads desired to be repaired lead, have constantly done their Statute-work, and raised Six Pence and Seven Pence Halfpenny in the Pound, and laid out the same in amending the Roads; notwithstanding which, the Parish hath been indicted on account of the Badness of the Highways there: And he also said. That, if the Parish i oners of the several Parishes were to do and raise twice as much as they are obliged to do and raise by Law, the Road could not be effectually amended:

That the upper and lower Roads, particularly the Lane in the upper Iload leading from the Cross-way at Backhampton, to the further End of Avebury, towards

Green-fireel, were so very bad, that the Farmers were several times obliged to cut Bullies, and lay them in the Roads, and cover them with Flints and Pebbles, in or* der to make the same passable: Tjiat the Bristol and Bath Waggoners have this Year oftentimes hired Horses at Cher lull-hill, and put Four or Five additional Horses to their Waggons, to draw them over the Down; which additional Horses, on the Return of the Waggons, have met them at Backhampton, to draw the Waggons to Cher lull-hill; and the Inhabitants of Avebury Parish, knowing their Roads not to be passable without such additional Strength, did not dare to take off any of the additional Horses, ns they might legally do; but have often taken their Horses out of the Ploughs, to help to draw ,the Waggons out of the Sloughs, and demanded no Consideration for the fame, fearing the y should be indicted by reason of the Badness of the Roads: That they paid, in One Year, £. 100 Fine, befuies Fees; and havefeldom escaped a Year without an Indictment:

That, upon the Justices of Peace last Summons to the Surveyors of the Parish of Avebuiy, to give in their Accounts, they were satisfied, that the inhabitants iiad done every thing that was ia their Power to do towards repairing the Roads: That Indictments have been threatened against the Inhabitants of the Parishes leading through the upper and the lower Roads, on account of the Badness thereof; and, unless some further Provision be made for amending those Iloads, they mufi unavoidably be exposed to frequent Indictments; and it will be impoHibie for Travellers to pass and repass that Way with Safety, sufficient Provision being not made, by the Laws in Force, to keep the same in Repair.

Then Mr. Thomas Alexander was called: Who produced to the Committee a Plan, and a Measurement, which he had taken and made of the said Roads; and said. That the Road leading from Sheppards Shord, through Kennel, to Marlborough, is Nine Miles and a Half in Length; which is the ancient Poll Road, and which is used for Waggons and Packhorses; and is Two Milps nearer from Sheppards Shord to Marlborough than the higher Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring, in a Bill for repairing the Roads leading from St. Peter*s Church in Marlborough, through Wefi Rennet, to Sheppards Shord, and from the Hare and Hounds, in Beekhampton, to the Top of Cherhill-hill, and from the Town of Avebury, to the Cross-way at Beekhampton, in the County of Wilts: And that Mr. Ivory Talbot, Mr. How, Sir Or-lando Bridgeman, and Mr. Hungerjbrd, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That George Lezven Esquire be at Liberty Wallingford to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election. Election and Return for the Borough of Wallingford, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Qucrnboroug] the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wr,t* electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Queenborough, in the County of Kent, in the room of Sir George Saunders Knight, deceased.

Sir Edmund Bacon of Gillingham reported from the property Committee, to whom the Petition of William Hogarth, Right oi George Vertue, George Lambert, Isaac Ware, John Pine, *>ra, ts» & Gerard Vandergucht, Joseph Goupy, Art ids, and Designers of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravers of original Prints, in behalf of themselves, and others, was referred/

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolution of the Committee thereupon* to the House; and he read the

Report

0

Bill

s on Si c.

8 Geo. II. 140 — 170 Februarii. 381

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as folloueth; viz.

The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, of the 7th Instant, have examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations of the fame, the Petitioners called,

Mr. Bernard Baron: Who said. That he engraved Four Copper-plates of Hunting-pieces for Mr. I Foot on, which in Two or Three Months time were copied by another Person; and that the Copies were sold at a very low Rate which hindered the Sale of Mr. IFootons Originals.

And he further laid. That, if the Plates of the Inventors and Designers were vested in them, the same Number of Hands would be employed; and the Copies would be more perfect, by being under the Direction of the Inventor, and would be sold at as reasonable Rates.

Mr. Fletcher said, That Mr. CaUiles, Mr. Furbour, and himself, were concerned in Partnership in designing and engraving u Sett of Flower Prints, which cost them about £.500; and they fold the same for Two Guineas the Sett, painted in Colours; but that they were loon after copied by another Person, and fold for a Guinea the Sett painted in Colours, and for Half a Guinea w ithout.

Then Mr. Beafire produced to the Committee the Copies of the said Mower Pieces and Huntings, which were done by himself.

Whereupon the Committee came to the following Re-folutiun; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fur the Encouragement of the Arts of designing, engraving, and etching, historieal and other Prints, by veiling the Proper! s thereof in the Inventors* and Engravers, during the *11 me therein tube mentioned: And that Sir Edmund Bacon of Gillingham, Mr. Thompson of lark, and Mr. Plumptrc, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

; Sir Charles Turner presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill lor continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year 1733: And the same was received; and read the FiiTt time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1735, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Ma-jctty's Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1735, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he w as directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-Vol. 22.

night resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next Nine of the Clock.

LurhZ) 170 die Februarii;

Anno 8° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1734.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That some of the La?l(j an,j Commissioners for Taxes attended at the Door; Hou^ Ta* They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Arrears. House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were standing out at Christmas last; with the Names of die respective Receivers, in whose Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguishing each Year; and wh,»t Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof: An 1 ullo,

An Account of what Arrears of the Duties upon 1 luules were standing out at Christmas lait; with the Naue - of the respective Receivers, in whole Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguishing each Year; and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to lx* perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts ure bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Odererd, That a Committee be appointed to inspefl: Expiring

what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report ^a"* their Opinion to the House, which of them are lit to be revived or continued:

And it is referred to Mr. Fane, Colonel Onslow, Mr.

Crowle, Mr. Par/ons, Mr.: Hacks, Mr. Maister, Mr.

Henley, Sir Rowland Alston, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr.

Timer, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Longuevillo, Mr. Campbell, Sir Thomas Lout her, Sir Joseph Pennington, Mr. Drummond,

Mr. Hay, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr.

Brereton, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Revell, Sir IFitfrid Laxvfon, Mr. Stuart, Mr. How, Mr. IForjley,

Lord Glenorchy, Sir Henry Gough, Mr. Clayton, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Curzon, Sir Nath. Curzon, Mr. Carteret,

Sir Francis Child, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Serjeant Skinner, Sir Nicolas Williams, Mr. Chr. lower, Sir//'/n,

Jolliffe, Mr. Archer, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Hume,

Lord Polwarth, Mr. Richard Pturner; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the PfHbners in his' Majesty’s Prison Debtors of the Fleet, in behalf of themselves, and Thousands in Petition* the several Gaols of this Kingdom, and of all such Persons who have fled to other Countries, or otherwise absconded from their lawful Callings, for fear of Arrests and Imprisonment, who shall he willing to liirrender up their whole Effefls in Discharge of their Debts, w as presented to the Iloule, and read; complaining of their Distress, and the ill Consequences of Imprisonments: And therefore praying the House to take their most deplorable Circumstances into Consideration, that they, and all other insolvent Debtors who shall be willing to deliver up their whole Estate and Efte&s to their Creditors, in Discharge of their Debts, in the moll solemn manner, may be re-lealed; or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet. —

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, SupptyBiM; Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Duties on England; and for granting to his Majesty certain^ Duties a c*

5 E . upon

383 17* — *8*

upon Malt,!Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year 1735, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

York A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Registry of and Freeholders, of the North Riding of the County of Deeds, &c. York, was prefen ted to the House, and read; alleging, That the Lands in the said North Riding being generally Freehold, the Purchasers and Mortgagees thereof are liable to he undone in their Purchases and Mortgages by prior and secret Conveyances, and fraudulent Incumbrances; and that the West and East Ridings of the said County have found great Advantage by Two late Acts of Parliament made for the public Registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, made and executed within the said respective Ridings: And therefore praying the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for erecting and establishing a public Registry in the said North Riding of the County of York, with such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Cholmley Turner\ Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Thompjm of Scarborough, Mr. Yorke, and Sir Francis Boynton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

John Campbell, of Pembrokeshire, Esquire, being chosen a Knight of the Shird for the County of Pembroke, and also a Commissioner for the $hire of Nairn, made his Election to serve for the said County of Pembroke.

Kaim Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for defiling a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the said Shire of Nairn, xn the room of the said Mr. Campbell.

Corn Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do exported, lay before this House, an Account, or Accounts, of the everal Sorts and Quantities of Corn which have been exported from Christmas 1733 to Christmas 1734; as also from what Places and Ports, and in what Quantities, they have been respectively exported; together with an Account of the Bounty that baa been paid thereupon,

Macdonel's Mr. Pulteney presented to the House, according to *vr<[eited Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Afit, made in the ates’ First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Amie, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Hamah Macdoml, with relation to the forfeited Estateg in Ireland; and for enabling Randal Macdonel Esquire to fell or incumber the Estate therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Privilege of Ordered, That the Postmaster General do lay before franking this House a Copy of his Majesty’s Warrant, whereby Letters. Letters are permitted to pafr free of the Duty payable upon Polt Letters.

Supply. Sir Charles Turnery according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they bad directed him to report to the House; which be read in his Place, ajad afterwards.delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where foe feme were read; and are as followethvia.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Number of effective Men to be provided for Guards and Garrifoos in Great Britain, and for Guernsey and Jersey, for the Year i?35. be, including One fooufand Eight hundred and Fifteen Invalids, and Five

23

Februarii. 1734.

hundred Fifty-five Men, which the Six independent Companies consist of, for the Service of the Highlands, Twenty-five thousand Seven hundred and Forty-four Men, Commission and Non-commission Officers included.

Rejoined, That it is foe Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Seven hundred Ninety-four thousand Five hundred Twenty-nine Pounds Four Shillings and Seven Pence Halfpenny, be granted to his Majesty for defraying the Charge of the said Twenty-five thousand 'Seven hundred and Forty-four Men for Guards and Garriibns, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Year 1735.

The feicl Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That foe Committee of Privileges and Committee Elections be adjourned. Privileges

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 18° die Februarii;

Anno $* Georgii Ildl Regis, 1734.

Prayers.

SI R Edward Stanley presented to the House, accord- Maochester, ing to Order, a Bill for repairing the Roads from &c- k°atls-the Town of Manchester, leading through Nexcton, Failjwortliy and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Austerlands, in the Parish of Saddlexcorth, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read foe First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of William Tollor Treffry Esquire was Teller’s presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Name. John Treffry, of Place, in the County of Cornwall,

Esquire, in his Life-time, by Indentures of Lease and Release, granted an Estate therein mentioned, from and after his Decease, to foe Petitioner, and his Issue Male, on Condition of using the Surname of Treffry as loon as they should become severally entitled to the said Estate; and that by the Decease of the said John Treffry, the said Estate being now vested in the Petitioner, he hath taken upon him the Surname of Treffry: And therefore, in order to comply, as far as in him lies, with the Terms and Conditions of foe said Deed of Settlement, praying. That Leave may he given to bring in a Bill to enable him, and his issue Male, to use the Surname of Treffry only.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the (hid Petition: And that Mr. Hedges, Mr. Rajhletgh, and Mr. Edgcumbe, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for punifiiiDg punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Mutiny Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Mr. Andrews and Mr. Hurley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Levefbn Gower presented to the House, according Tittenfor to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Roads, granted by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of her late Majesty Queen Arne, for repairing and amending the Highways between the Town or Village of Tittmfbr and the most Northern Parts of Talk on the Hill, in Butt-lane, in the County of Stafford: And the feme was received; and read the First time, jRejblved, That foe Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Comptroller acquainted foe House, That he had Treaty u received his Majesty’s Commands to lay before this House, Deuraar a Copy of the Treaty with Denmark, -f§- September 1734* and Iranflation thereof.

And

18* Febru

8 Geo. II.

And be presented the feme to (be Hoefc:

And the Titles thereof were read.

The Truncation of the said Treaty is aa follows; w.

BE it known unto all to whom it appertains, That his Majesty the King of Great Britain on one Side, and his Majesty the King of Denmark and Norway on the other, having considered that, in the present Situation of the Affairs of Europe, their reciprocal Interests require, that the ancient Friendship and Confidence which has been at all turns cultivated between their Majesties and their glorious Ancestors, to the great Advantage of the Two Nations, should be renewed, and strengthened by the most strict Ties, and by a new Treaty of a Defensive Alliance; their Majesties have thought fit, reciprocally, to order their Ministers, that is to say, His Majesty the King of Great Britain, his Privy Councilors, Thomas Holies Duke of Newcastle, One of his principal Secretaries of State, iniliam Baron of Harrington, the other of his principal Secretaries of State, and Sir Robert Walpolr, Knight of the most noble Order of the Garter, First Commissioner of his Treasury, and Chancellor and Under Treasurer of his Exchequer; and his Majesty the King of Denmark, and of Norway, the Sieur Christian August de Johttn, his Councilor of Justice, and his Resident with his fald Majesty the King of Great Britain; being provided with the necessary full Powers, to confer thereupon; who, after having exchanged their full Powers, agreed upon the Points and Articles following:

Article I.

There shall be a finccrc Amity, and a most drift U’luii, between their Majesties, their Successors and Heirs, Kingdoms and Subjects; lb that the one shall look upon the Inter* fts of the oilier, as if they were his own; and shall faithfully employ himself to promote them as mud) as poflihle; and to prevent and keep oft' from each other, mutually, all Trouble and Dumuge.

Article II.

To that End, it is agreed, That all the preceding Treaties of Peace, Amity, Guaranty, Navigation, and Commerce, without excepting any, shall be taken to be renewed and confirmed by this present Treaty, in all their Points, Articles, and Clauses; and they shall have the tune Force as if they bad been hero inserted Word for Word, as far as there shall have been no Alteration made therein by the present Treaty.

Article III.

His Majesty the King of Great Britain having desired that his Majesty the King of Denmark would hold in ReuJincfs u Body of his Troops, for the Service of his Britannick Majesty, in case the Good of his Kingdoms and Dominions Oiould require such a Succour, his Majesty the King of Denmark has been willing to content thereto; promising and engaging, by virtue of this Article, to hold in Kcadinels, for that Purpose, during the Space of Three Years, to be reckoned from the Day of the Signing of this present Treaty, a Body of Six thousand Men; that is to Iky, One thousand Horse, and Five thousand Foot, provided with General Officers, and the necessary Subalterns, fitly mounted and armed, and in a Condition to march, for the Service of his Majesty the King of Great Britain, Two Months after Reqmfttion thud have been made, or sooner, if it be possible, unless there be Need of them for the immediate Defence of the Kingdoms and Dominions of his Britannic Majesty; in which Cate they shall march immediately after the Requisition has been made; and the said Troops shall take the Oath of Fidelity to his Britamuc Majesty, when they shall have passed the Frontiers of the Territories belonging to the Crow n of Denmark, without prejudicing that which they have taken to his Majesty the King of Denmark; his said Danish Majesty, however, preserving to himself the conferring all the Places that shall become vacant in that Corps; and the Administration of Justice being regulated in the same manner as it was practised in that which went into the Service of England and Holland^ by virtue of the Treaty of 1701.

Vox.. 22.

Article IV.

As his Danish Majesty is engaged to fend considerable Treaty w*lh Succours to other Powers* his Friends and Allies; and as* DL‘uls, ar,u in order to fumish his Majesty the King of Great Britain with the abovesaid Body of Troop^, without leaving hirn-self naked of such Forces as are requisite for the Security and Preservation of his own Kingdoms and Dominions, he must be at great Charges in augmenting his IjukI Forces; his Majesty the King of Great Britain, towards defraying such Charges, promises to pay his Majesty the King of Dettmark, for every Horseman, fitly armed and mounted, Fourfcorc Crowns; and for every Foot Soldier,

Thirty Crowns; One Half immediately after the Signing this Treaty, and the other Half when the Troops shall be delivered} besides, his Majesty the King of Great Britain engages to pay to his Majesty the King of Denmark, without any Abatement, or Delay, an annual Subsidy of Two hundred and fifty thousand Crowns Banco, during the time that the Troops shall be at the Charge of the Treasury of his Majesty the King of Denmark; which Subsidy shall commence from the Signing of this present Treaty, and shall coutinue to the Expiration of the Three Years above mentioned; but when thefeTroops shall aftu&lly be taken into the Pay of his Ma icily the King of Great Britain, his Majesty the King of Denmark shall then be contented with an annual Subsidy of One hundred and fifty thousand Crowns Banco; which Subsidy shall continue during the whole time that the said Troops shall be in the Service of his Britamuc Majesty; the Payment of tive one, and of the other, shall be made regularly every Quarter, in the Town of Hamburgh, to such Persons as shall be authorized by his Majesty the King of Denmark to receive it: That if his Majesty the King of Great Britain lets the aljovcsaid Three Years pats, without demanding the Body of Six thousand Men, his Majesty the King of Denmark shall not be any longer obliged, after that, to fumith the lame; and the Subsidies shall entirely cease, at the feme time, at the End of those Three Years, unless the Two contracting King®

shall agree otherwise.

Article V.

His Majesty the King of Great Britain shall take upon himself the Pay and Entertainment, as well ordinary as extraordinary, of the Officers, Horsemen, and Foot Soldiers, of that Body, from the Day they shall begin their March for his Service; and this Pay, both ordinary and extraordinary, shall be regulated upon the tame Foot with that of the Danish Troops made over by the Treaty of 1701; and it shall be put into the Hands of the Danish Commissaries, without any Abatement or Diminution, to make the Distribution thereof: That if it should, by Miffortune, happen that forae of the Regiments, or Companies, of the abovesaid Corps should be ruined or de-llroyed, in the Whole, or in Part, his Majesty the King of Great Britain shall cause to be paid, without Delay, to the Officers to the said Body of Troops, the Charges of the necessary Recruits for putting the Regiments, or Companies, speedily again in a good Condition; and these Recruits shall be, in like manner, regulated upon the Foot of those that were furnished to the Officers of the Danish Troops, by virtue of the Treaty of 1701; to the end that this Corps may always be preserved, and lent back One Day, in as good Condition as it was received.

Article VI.

It is to depend upon his Britannic Majesty as to the keeping of this Corps in his Service all the time of the Duration of this Treaty, to make use of it wherever he shall have Occasion, provided it be not neither in Italy, nor upon the Fleet, nor to be transported, in the Whole or in Part, beyond Sea, after it is come out of the Territories of his Majesty the King oiJDenmark, except for the Defence of the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland; in which Cafe, these Troops shall wholly enjoy the same Pay which the English Troops enjoy; and when his Majesty the King of Great Britain shall be desirous of fending back the said Troops, he shall acquaint his Majesty the King of Denmark with it Three Months beforehand;

Treaty

Denmark

Shaftabury

Election.

384 18° — 190 1734.

th hand; and shall cause to be paid to them a Month’s Wages for their Return.

Article VII.

In case his Majesty the King of Denmark should be attacked or troubled in the Possession of his Kingdoms, Dominions, Lands, Provinces, or Cities, his Britamiick Majesty promises to fend the said Body of Troops speedily back to him, paying them a Month’s Wages for their Return; and furthermore, to give his Danish Majesty all the Assistance, by Sea and by Land, that the same shall require; which Assistance shall be continued to him till he shall have obtained a good and advantageous Peace; as his Majesty the King of Denmark, on his Part, also promises, that in case his Majesty the King of Great Britain should be attacked or troubled, as is abovesaid, he will give him immediately all the Assistance, by Sea and by Land, that the same shall require; which Assistance shall, in like manner, be continued to him, until he shall have obtained a good and advantageous Peace: Furthermore, his Majesty the King of Denmark expressly reserves to himself the Liberty of Commerce for his Subjects trading as well to France as every where else, during all the time that this present War shall last; and his Majest y the King of Great Britain promises, that, on his Part, they shall not, in anywise, be troubled therein.

Article VIII.

In order to make this Alliance and Union the more perfect, and to leave the Parties no kind of Scruple, as to the Certainty of the Assistance which they are to expefit from each other, it is expressly agreed, That, for judging, hereafter, whether the same of this Alliance exists or not, it shall be sufficient that either of the Parties be actually attacked by Force of Arms, without that Party’s having before used open Force against him who attacks.

Article IX.

This Treaty shall last for the Space of Three Years, to be reckoned from the Day of the Signing of it, and, if their Majesties shall think fit to continue, prolong, or change it, that Matter shall be treated of Three Months before it expires, according to the Exigency of the Cafe.

Article X.

The Ratification of this Treaty shall be exchanged London, within Two Months after the Signing, or sooner, if it be possible.

In Witness whereof, we the under-written, being furnished with the full Powers of the most Serene Kings of Great Britain and of Denmark and Norxvay, have, in their said Names, signed the present Treaty, and have caused our Seals to be set thereunto. Done at Westminster, the Day of September, 1734*

(L. S.) Holies Newcastle.

(L. S.) Harrington.

(L. S.) R. Walpole.

Ordered, That the said Treaty, and Translation, do lie upon the Table, to be p’erufed by the Members of the House.

The Treaty is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to the hearing the Matter of the Petition of Stephen Fox, Esquire, complaining of an undue Elefifion and Return for the Borough of Shaftsbury, in the County of Dorset.

And the Counsel were called in:

And the said Petition was read.

And then the Counsel were direfifed to withdraw,

A Member being sworn;

The Counsel were again called in:

And the Petitioner’s Connfel were heard:

And the last Determination of the House, concerning the Right of defiling Burgesses to servein Parliament for the said Borough, made the Twenty-ninth Day of February, in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, was read:

And the Clause of an A fit, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An A fit for the

more effefitual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Elefition of Members to serve in Parliament; which direfits, That the last Determination in the House of Commons, of the Right of Elefition in any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, shall be final, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; was also read.

Then the Petitioner’s Counsel examined a Witness as to the Method of Polling, and the Manner of lcrutinizing, the disputed Votes at the Elefition, and the Time of going into a Scrutiny.

And then the Counsel were again, direfited to withdraw.

Another Member being sworn;

The Counsel were again called in:

And the Petitioner s Counsel proceeded further in the said Examination; and also produced Evidence, and examined several Witnesses, in order to diiqualily several Persons who voted for the Sitting Member Mr. Bennet.

And then the Counsel were again direfited to withdraw.

The Counsel were again called in:

And the Petitioner’s Counsel produced Evidence, and examined several other Witnesses, in order to disquality several other Persons who voted for the said Sitting Member; and also to qualify several Persons, whole Votes for the Petitioner were not admitted, and several other Persons, whole Votes for him were, upon a Scrutiny, rejefiled; and having also examined several Witnesses, in order to prove Bribery in the Agents of the said Sitting Member, and an unlawful Attempt of Mr. Charles Pitt and Mr. William Pitt, to procure Evidence to charge the Petitioner with Bribery; they furnmed up their Evidence.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw;

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 19° die Februarii j

Anno 8° Georgii IIdI Regis, 1734.

Prayers.

MR. Scrape presented to the House, pursuant to their , jT Address to his Majesty, Ur^ U‘£?

Surpluses Hated at Lady-day 1734: And also,

Surpluses stated at Michaelmas 1734.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Surplusses do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Surplusses are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to b , the Clerk of she Crown,* to make out a new Writ, for Writ." elefiting a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Aldeburgh, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of George Purvis Esquire, who, flnee his Elefition for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Navy.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply B to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, a ’ Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year 1735; be now read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That it be an Instrufition to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instrufition to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to direfit, That the Deficiency which shall be on the Twenty-fifth Day of March 1735, of the Income of the Duties on Malt granted for the Year 1733, to satisfy Principal and

Interef;

8 Geo. II. 190 — 20° Februarii. 385

Interest chargeable thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1735.

Then the 1 Ioufe resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chairof the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the 1 Ioufe will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Pritilejeof The I Ioufe being informed, that Mr. Rou/e, Secre-r^lpg tary to the Pofimaster General, attended at the Door;

ile was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, a Copy of his Majesty s Warrant, whereby Letters are permitted to pals free from the Duty payable upon Port Letters.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do he upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the 1 Ioufe.

Proving Mr. Andrezcs presented to the House, according to ®rf*er> a Bill for pnnishing Mutiny and Desertion; and ou* for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the Firrt time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Erporution A Petition of the Mailers, Workmen, and others, of Wool, concerned in the Woollen and Silk Manufactures within the Town of IValtham Abbey, in the County of E/Jcx, in behalf of themselves, and all other Persons concerned in the said Mauufafturts throughout Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the unlawful Exportation of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland, and of Woollen Goods completely manufactured from Ireland, to foreign Countries: And therefore praying the House to take the Premilts into Con-fuleration; and to provide Inch Remedies, and to cive the Petitioners such Relief, as to the House shall leetn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mailers, Workmen, and other Persons concerned in the Woollen and Silk Manufactures, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, in behalf of themli Ives, and all other Persons concerned in the said Manufactures throughout Great Britain, is referred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ud Means, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the same was read accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means

for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Shaftfljury The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Election. Matter of the Petition of Stephen Fox Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Shaftsbury, in the County of Dorset:

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in:

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member, Mr. Bennett, were heard; and produced Evidence, and examined several Witnesses in order to justify several of the Votes which the Petitioner’s Counsel had objected to; and to add to the Sitting Member’s Poll several Persons, whose Votes had been tendered for him, at the said Election, and were not admitted; and to disqualify several Persons, whose Votes for the Petitioner were not admitted,

Vojl. 22.

at the said Election, and whom the Petitioner’s Coun* fel had endeavoured to add to his Poll

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

The Counsel were again called in:

And the Sitting Member’s Counsel proceeded to examine several Witnesses, in order to disqualify several Persons, whose Votes for the Petitioner were, upon a Scrutiny, rejected, and the Petitioner’s Counsel had endeavoured to establish.

Aud then the Counsel were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Mai ter of the said Petition be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Ommitte# tions be adjourned. of Pmilege*.

Anjl then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 2o# die Februarii;

Anno 8° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1734.

Praters.

SI R Charles Turnery according to Order, reported Supply Bill \ from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Duties on the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Malt, ice* Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year 1735 , was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Lighthoun and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Ciite of enabling the Two younger Sons of John Duke of Rut- Rutland's land, by Bridget late Duchess of Rutland, and their Sona^ame* respc*6tive Children, Progeny, and Ifllie, to take and use the Surname of Sutton, pursuant to the Will of Robert Lord Lexington, deceased, and in such manner as is therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and WatKng-others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living street Road, near, and travelling through, the Road leading from the Eall End of Fafeley Bridge, in the County of Warwick, along the ancient Roman Road called Walling freet Road, through Atherstone, in the said County, and by High Cross, Cave's Inn, and Watford Gap, in the Counties o{Warwick, Leicester, and Northampton, to Weeden-lanc, in the County of Northampton, where the said Road meets, and joins the Turnpike Road leading from Daventry and Towccfier; and also, the Road leading from the Market Town of Nuneaton, in the said County of Warwick, to the said Street Road, near unto Hoi/fezvife’s Bridge, being about a Mile and Half in Length, and over which many Thousand Loads of Coals are yearly carried; was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the said Roads, by reason of the many heavy Carriages, and great Numbers of drift Cattle, parting through the fame, and of great Banks being formerly call up in the said Roads, are now so

5 F ruinous.

86 20°- —

ruinous, that they are in many Places almost impassable in the Winter, and wet Seasons, and cannot be repaired without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better repairing the aforesaid Roads.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Smith, Mr. Shuttleworth, Lord Barrymore, Sir Thomas Afion, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Noelt Sir James Campbell, Sir John Molesworth, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Plump Ire, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Fox, Mr. Onslow, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Ivory Talbott, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Willimott, Sir Charles Vernon, Mr Lifter, Sir Rowland Alston, Mr. Grove, Mr. Packer, Mr. Curzon, Sir Thomas Noel, Sir Francis Drake, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Hamilton, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Erskine* Mr. Plumer, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Sir Arthur Forbes, Mr. Archer, Mr. BramJton, Ms. Coster, Sir James Grant, Mr Longue-ville, Mr. Lelieup, Mr. Winning ton. Sir Adol. Ought on, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Master. Sit Ndthanaf I Curzon, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Chamberlain, Mr. Edioards, Mr. Earle, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Harley; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Leicester, Warwick, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Shaftfbuxy The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Eleven. Matter of the Petition of Stephen JFbz Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Shaftsbury, in the County of Dorset:

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in:

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member, Mr. Ben-net, were further heard; and having produced Evidence, and examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify several Persons, who voted for the Petitioner, and in order to prove Bribery in the Petitioner, and other corrupt Practices in him and his Agents, they summed up their Evidence.

And the Petitioner’s Counsel were heard by way of Reply; and produced Evidence, and examined several Witnesses, in order to justify several of the Votes which the Sitting Member’s Counsel had objected to: And the Petitioner’s Counsel finished their Reply.

And the Counsel on both Sides being withdrawn;

The Sitting Member was heard in his Place.

And then he withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Philip Bennet Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset;

It passed in the Negative.

The Petitioner, being chosen a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, was heard in his Place.

And then he withdrew.

An Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for preventing Charge and Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, was read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Stephen Fox Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, [ } 203.

Tellers for the Noes, [ ' } 88-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Februarii. A. 1734,

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, Tomorrow Morning, to amend the -Return for the Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset, by rafing out the Name of Philip Bennet Esquire, ^nd inserting the Name of Stephe?i Fox Esquire* in (lead thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris> 2i° die Februarii;

Anno 8* Georgii IIdI Regis, 1734.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for continuing the Duties on Malt, Supply Bill; I Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great ®"J,ei0a J Britain called England-, and for granting to his Majesty 1 t,ic* certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year 1735; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum,

Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year 1735.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for Puniiiiin* the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, JJuf', RV8« was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown, attending accord- shade itig to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of Return Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of a!lleniCd, Dorset.

A Petition of the acting Trustees, whose Names are St. Allan’ thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and Uo*(is others, appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the First Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, of glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways through the several Parishes of St. Michael, St. Alban, St. Peter Shenley Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex; and also an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Black Bull Inn, in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shajford-house, in the said County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Toll, granted by the first-mentioned Act, and the Monies borrowed thereupon, have been duly applied to the Amendment of the Highways, which are nevertheless very ruinous, by reason of the great Number of Waggons and Carriages continually drawn thereon; and that there is a Debt of £. 1,180 {till subsisting, for Monies borrowed for repairing the said Highways, which cannot be repaid, and the said Highways fuf-ciently repaired, and so kept, unless the Term, granted by the said first-mentioned Act, be inlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inlarging the said Term, and continuing the Powers and Authorities granted in and by the said several Acts; or that such other Relief may be given in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

examine

8 Geo. It. 2i° — 240

examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Adon, Mr. Clayton, Sir Henry Gough, Mr. Fane, Mr. Brereton, Sir John Rushout, Mr, IFm. Gore, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Hohinfon, Mr. Ashhif, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Sir Wilfrid Ltwjbn> Mr. Berkley, Sir Wni. Stapleton, Mr. Earle, Mr. Plumer, Sir Thoma* Sebright, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Rucker; Mr. Lcngacrillef Lord Tcre Beau clerk, Mr. Selwyn, Sir James Campbell, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Botclcr, Mr. Papillon, Mr. //a?;, Mr. Andreies, Mr. /*er, Mr. Ruwney, I.ord Noel Sumerfet, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. B7ji-vington, Mr. Corbet, M r. Ixchmcre, Sir Charles Banbury; Mr. Ixjlrv, Mr, Erskine, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Harley, Mr. Price, Mr. Ijockwood, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Mojh/n, Mr. Rutherford, Sir 6>o. Beaumont; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Hertford, Middlesex, Bedford, and North* ampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And have Power to lend for Pci ions, Papers, and Records.

1 Stephen Fox Esquire, beingchofen a Burgess for the Borough of Shaft on, otherwise Shaft etbury, in the County of DorJ'et, and also a Burgess for the Borough of llindon, in the County of Wilts, made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Shafton, olhenvife Shaft r/buni.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ilVne his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of llindon, in the room of the said Mr. Fox.

( An mgrofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Art

for enabling the Two younger Sons of John Duke of Rutland, by Bridget, Lite DuelHs of Rutland, and their respective Children, Progeny, and Kfce, to take and life the Surname ol Suit* »/. pursuant to the Will of Robert Lord Lexington, deceased; and in fuel) manner as is therein mentioned: was rend the First time.

Resolved, '1 hat the Bill be read a Second lime.

y. the Orderof the Day, so the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the vvlicle House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the Account of Services incurred Anno 1734, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the F.ftimate of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, lor the Year 1735, bereferre<l to the IVid Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to several llesolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, That lie was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

eeof Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and

Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 22.

Februarii. 387

LuncCy 2 40 die Februarii;

Anno 8® Georgia II" Regis, 1734.

Praters.

R D E R E D, That there be laid before this House Westminster an Account, shewing how the Money granted last Abbey. Session of Parliament, for the Repair of the collegiate Church of St, Peter Westminster, hath been disposed of.

Ordered, That Richard Jackson and Peter Ducane Sudbury Esqtiivcs have Leave to withdraw their Petition, com- t,eftion* plaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petition.

Mr. Ivory Talbot presented to the House, according Malborough to Order, a Bill for repairing the Roads from St. Peter's Boad*. Church, in Marlborough, to Shepherd's Shord, in the Parirt) of Bishop's Cannings, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are Watling-thereunto liihscribed, living near, and travelling through Greet Rood, the Road leading from High Cross, on the ancieut Roman Road, called Watling-Jireet Road, in the County of Wancick, leading from Claybrooke, Lutterworth, and South Ktturr/h, in the County of Leicester, to that Part of Wtlf rd Field, in the C ounty of Northampton, called the Herdmans Pitt ami Lairing Bank, where the Rond turns oil* to Wel/ord, and meets a Turnpike Road there, was pre fented to the House, and read; taking Notice of a Petition, already presented to the House, of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, living near, and travelling through the Road leading from the East End of FaJ'cly Bridge, in the County of Warn ick, along the said Roman Road, to If eeden-lane, in the County of Northampton; and alleging, That the said Road, which the Petitioners live near, and travel through, is, by reason of many heavy Carriages, and great N umbers of Drift Beads, frequently passing through the fame, become so ruinous, and almost imjnifia le in many Places; and cannot, by the ordinary Conrfe of Law, be elleelually repaired: And therefore praying, that the Bill, (leftred by the aforesaid Petition, may extend as well for the repairing the said Roods from High Cross to Wetford Field, as for the said Roads from FaJ'cly Bridge to IV eeden-lane.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living near, and travelling through the Road leading from the East End of FaJ'ehj Bridge, in the County of Wancick, along the ancient Roman Road, called Watling-jlrect Road, through Atherstone, in (lie said County, and by High Cross, Caves Inn, and Watford Gap\ in the Counties of Warwick, Leicester, and Northampton, to Wee den-lane in the County of Northampton, where the said Road meets, and joins the Turnpike Road leading from Da-ventry and Towcester: and also the Road leading from the Market Town of Nuneaton, in the said County of Warwick, to the said Street Road, near unto House-wife's Bridge, being about a Mile and a Half in Length, and over which many thousand Loads of Coals are yearly carried; is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

' A Bill for repairing the Roads from the Town of Mauchester, Manchester, leading through Newton, Failjivorlh, and &c. Road*. Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Auster-lands, in the Parish of Saddleworth, in the County of York, was read a Second time*.

Resolved

o

388 240 Februarii, 1734.

Refoked, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Sla?ilejj, Mr. Shut flavor ih, Sir Jtimes Grant, Mr. Cur-zon, Sir Thomas Afion, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Longucville, Mr. Winning ton, Mr. Huxley, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Totvcr, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Maister, Mr. Smith, Sir Robert Brown, Sir James Ferguson, Lord Baltimore, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Wortley, Mr. Plumer, Dr. Mr. Talbot, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Trelw, Sir Orl. Bridgman, Sir Humph. Monoux, SkJofeph' Pennington, Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Spencer, Sir Jnjtinian Isham, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Murray, Mr. Rutherford, Mr. Archer, Mr. Thomp/bn, Sk John RuJJi-on/1, Sir Jo///* TToiy, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Trtby, Mr. Bacoii, Mr. Scaiven, Mr. Onslow; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester and For£: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Whitby Mr. Cholmley Turner reported from the Committee, Harbour. to whom the Petition of the Burgesses, Matters, and Owners of Ships, and Inhabitants of the Town of Whitby, in the County of York, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition 5 and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, in pursuance of the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof,

The Petitioners laid before the CommitteeThree Acts of Parliament; One passed in the First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the Rebuilding and Repairing of the Piers of the said Town and Port of Whitby; by which Act several Duties were imposed, for that Purpose, upon all Ships and Vessels which should come into the said Harbour, and all Goods and Merchandize which should be landed there; and the said Duties were to continue for the Term of Nine Years, commencing from the First of May 1702:

Another Act, which passed in the Seventh Year of her said late Majesty’s Reign; whereby the said First Act, and all the Duties thereby granted, were further continued until the ift of May 1723:

Another Act, which passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for better preserving, and keeping in Repair, the Piers of the said Town and Port:

By which last mentioned Act several other Duties, after the Expiration of the Payment of those Duties granted and continued by the said Acts of the ift and 7th Years of her late Majesty’s Reign, were laid upon all Ships and Vessels entering the said Harbour, and upon several Sorts of Goods and Merchandizes mentioned in the said Act of the 7th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, which should be landed or delivered at the said Port of Whiltiy; which Duties are, by the said Act, made perpetual.

Then the Committee examined the following Witnesses; viz.

Jonathan Lacey and Geo. Prijfeck: Who severally said, That they very well remember the building the Piers of the Harbour; and that the same are substantially built, and are at present in very good Repair; and that, since the building thereof, the Shipping of the Town has very much increased; and that there are at present above 1 ao Sail, and most of them the largest Ships, that are employed in the Coal Trade.

Colonel Peregrine Lafcclls, being also examined, confirmed the Evidence of these Witnesses, and added further, That the Number of Ships was increased, they being near One half more than formerly.

The laid W'itnefl'es, being examined as to the Obstruction of the Entrance into the said Harbour, mentioned in the Petition, said. That, of late Years, the Entrance into the said Harbour has been rendered very *7

difficult and dangerous, by reason of a large Bank of Sand gathered behind the West Pier; and that, if the Wind blows hard, the Tide drives great Quantities of Sand into the said Harbour, which would be prevented by lengthening the said West Pier; and that, the Harbour being choaked up with such Sand, Ships are fre* questly forced against the Head of the East Pier, and there bulged, or are driven upon the Bank.

Colonel Lafcells said further. That lie has known the said Bank to have remained so high for Three Months together, that 150 Men have been frequently employed to dig a Channel through it; and that several Ships, not being able to enter into the said Harbour, have been obliged to fail into Burlington Bay.

Then a Plan or Map of the said Harbour and Piers, and of the Addition proposed to be made to the Western Pier, being laid before the Committee, and the said Colonel Lafcells and Jonathan Lacy being further examined thereto, they said, That if the said Pier was to be lengthened to low-water-mark, which is about 100 Yards further towards the Sea, it would efl'e&ually prevent the Sand coming in to choak up the Entrance of the said Harbour, and render the Passage of Ships into, and out of the fame, much more easy and safe, and also be a further Encouragement to the Navigation of the said Town and Port; and the Petitioners delivered to the Committee an Estimate of the Charge of the additional Work proposed to be made to the said West Pier, being One hundred Yards in Length, 18 Yards broad, and 16 Yards high, and to be built of Stone; which Estimate amounts to the Sum of £.10,800.

The Committee then proceeded to inquire what the Duties granted for Repair of the said Pier and Harbour amounted to.

It appeared to the Committee, by an Account laid before them of the Produce of those Duties, and signed by the Trustees appointed to collect and apply the fame, That the Surplus of those Duties, over and above what has been expended in keeping the said Piers in Repair, and making some necessary Additions, amounts, for the last Ten Years, to no more than the Sum of £. 58. 15.9. 3$d. so that the Petitioners have no Reve nties to enable them to raise the said Sum of£. 10,800.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for lengthening the West Pier of the Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York, and for improving the said Harbour: And that Mr. Cholmley Turner, and Sir Francis Boynton, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Ordered, That John Falfion Esquire have Leave to Ludgerftnll withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Elec- £ie^lon» tion and Return for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections bedischarged from proceeding upon the said Petition.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and WatUng-olhers, living near, and travelling through the Road fueetM leading from Thurnby Lane, in the County of Northampton, through the Towns of South Kitlworth and Lutterworth, by Luticrxoorth Hand, in the County of Leicester, by the Town of Willey Cloudfley Bush, the Town of Woolvey Anchor Inn, through Attleburgh, the Town of Nuneaton, Manchester, and Atherfione, to Fafely Bridge, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the said Road, by reason of the many heavy Carriages frequently passing through the fame, is become ruinous, and cannot be efle&ually amended by the ordinary Course of Law:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the repairing the Road aforesaid, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living near, and travelling

8 Geo. II. 24* — 15 Fe389

ling through, the Road leading from the EastEnd of Fafe-ly Bridge, in the County of Warwick, along the ancient Homan Rond, cal\e\\Wa (ling jl reel Road, through sillier-stone, in the said County, ami by High Cross, Caves Inn, and Watford flap, in the Counties of Warwick, Leicef-ter, and Northampton, to Weedendane, in the County of Northampton, where the said Rond meets and joins the Turnpike Road leading from Daventry and Tmccefier; and also the Road leading from the Market Town of Nuneaton, in the said County of Warwick, to the said Street Road near unto Jlottjhvifes Bridge, being about a Mile and a Half in Length, and over which many Thoufatid Loads of Coals are yearly carried, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their I lift refs, and of several Defers in the late Arts for R< lief of insolvent Debtors and Bankrupts: And therefore, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousand* in the several Gaols of this Kingdom, and such as have fled beyond the Stas for fear of a miserable Confinement for Life, praying, That a Bill may be brought in for their Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Tellers for the Yeas, {gf

(Mr. Locks:

Tc-llmfor lb. N J

So it passed in the Negative.

| 160. \ «98-

The House being informed, that Mr. Oxenford, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Coru House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the cxP°rted. several Sorts and Quantities of Coni, which have been exported from Christmas 1-33 to Chrijhnas 17 34; as also from what Places and Ports, and in what Quantities, they have been respectively exported; together with an Account of the Bounty that has been paid thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Punishing resolve itftdf into a Committee of the whole House, Mutiny *ot upon the Bdl for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and Def«rl*on* for the belter Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Sir Charles Ttirner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole 1 louse, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read iu his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’* Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That alium, not exceeding Two hundred Fifteen thou-f«nd Seven hundred and Ten Pounds Six Shillings and live Pence Halfpeny, be granted to his Majesty for maintaining his Majesty \s Forces and Garrilous in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar; and for Provisions for the Garrifoiis at Annapolis Hoy at, Canj'o, Placentia, and Gibraltar y for the Year 1735.

lb jolted, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Two hundred Seventy-three Pounds One Shilling and Seven Pence Farthing, be granted to Lis Majesty for defraying sevend extraordinary Expences and Services incurred Anno 1734, and not provided for by Parliament.

Rtjolted, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eighteen thousand Eight hundred and Fifty Pounds Nine SI11 Dings and Two Pence, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for Out Pensioners of Chelsea f Iospital, for the Year 1 735.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Committet Elections be adjourned. otTnviltgti.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Marl is, 2 50 die Februarii;

Anno 8° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1734.

Prayers.

A PETIT ION of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Com- Exportation moil-council, together with the Merchants, Wea- of Wool, vers. Fullers Sic. of the City of Exeter, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the clandestine Running of Wool, and Woollen Goods thoroughly manufactured, from the Kingdom of Ireland into foreign Paris: And therefore praying the House to apply such Remedies to this Grievance as to the House 111 all seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mailers, Workmen, and other Persons concerned in the Woollen and Silk Manufactures within the Cities Qf London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, in behalf of themselves, and all other Persons concerned in the said Manufactures throughout Great Britain, is referred.

The Journal of the House, of the Fifth Day of December, in the Second Year of the Reign of King Wil- A Petition of Edward Heijlin Esquire, Thomas Fane Avon liam and Queen Mary, in relation to the Report from Esquire, John Wynn, Walter Hawkjicorth, Edward Grc- Navigation, the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the Efti- goiy, and Otujiphorus Tyndat, Merchants, on behalf of mates and Accounts relating to the Army, Nlavy, and themselves, and several other Merchants and Traders Treasury, was referred, was read. within the City of Bristol, in behalf of them (el res and

And the Journal of the Ilonle, of the Ninth Day of others, was presented to the House, and road; alleging,

November, in the Third Yrear of the Reign of their fiid That, in pursuance of an Act, made in the Tenth Year Majesties, in relation to the Appointment of a Com- of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, mittee to inspect the Eliimate of the Charge of their An Act for making the River Avon, in the Counties of Majesties Navy, for the Year 1692, was also read. Somerset and Gloucester, navigable from the City of Bath

And a Motion being made, and the Question being to or near HanhamsMills, (he fa;d River has been made put, That the Ordinary Eliimate of his Majesty *s Navy, navigable, to the great Benefit of the said City of Bath, for the Y'ear 1735* be referred to the Consideration of and Places adjacent; and (hat the Navigation thereofis a select Committee: And that they do examine the capable of being further extended to or near (lie d ow ns fame, and report the Fads, with their Opinion there- of Bradford, Melksham, La cock, and other Towns in upon, to the House. the said County of Somerset, and County of Wilts; to

I he House divided. the great Benefit of the very considerable Manufactures

The Yeas went forth. in the CloathingTradecarried on therein: And therefore

5 G praying,

Vol. 22.

t Giles’s Pound to Kli bourn Hoads.

390 25* Febr 1734,

praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Coder, Mr. Fane, Mr* Cary, Mr. Trchy, Mr. Edward*, Mr, Balk, Mr. Ldnguexnlle, Mr. Byng, Mr. Corbet, Mr. Butler, Mr. Potenger, Mr. Balhurst, Mr. Woodhouse, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Bance, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Breretont Mr. Forrejier, Mr. PI umpire, Mr. Ar/cot, Mr. llay, Mr. Tower, Mr. Bucks, Mr. Fagg, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Lawton, Sir John Chichester, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Chamber layn, Mr. Kinaston, Sir A dot. Oughton, Mr. Bird, Mr. Willimott, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Shutlleworth, Mr. Bacon, Sir James Grant, Sir Win. Clayton, Mr. Baron Birch, Mr. Bromley, Sir Christopher Powell, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr, Gower, Mr. Yorke, Lord Noel Somerset', and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Somerset, Wilts, *nd Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Francis Child reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from St. Giles's Pound to Kilbouni Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of The said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame.

as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, of the 13th Instant, have exam in ed the Matter of the said Petition:

To prove the Allegations whereof, the Petitioners laid before the Committee the Act of Parliament mentioned in their said Petition; whereby it appeared, That several Tolls and Powers were granted and given, for the Term of 21 Years, for repairing the said Road; and also a Power was given to the Trustees to borrow Money on the Credit of the said Tolls.

Then Witnesses were called, and examined; viz.

Mr. William Thomas: Who said, That, when the Act of Parliament passed, the said Road was in so ruinous a Condition, That the then acting Trustees were under a Necessity of borrowing a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, to make all Parts thereof passable for Coaches and Wheel-carriages; which Money, so borrowed, and also what was from time to time raised by the Tolls, had been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said Act; but that, nevertheless, several Parts of the said Road, by reason of many heavy laden Waggons, and other Carriages, frequently passing through the fame, arefcarce passable in the Winter-season.

Then the said Mr. Thomas laid before the Committee a Hated Account of the Money received and paid, on account of the said Act, from Midsummer 1721 to Christmas 1734; whereby it appeared,

That there had been laid out in repairing this Road, from Midsummer 1721 to £. s. d.

Christmas 1734 -.....12,701 14 — J

And that there had been paid for Interest of Money borrowed on the Credit of

the Tolls, to Christmas 1734 - - - - . - - - *>517 16 2

-----15,210 10 3

That the rI oils and Compositions that had been received, pursuant to the said Act, from

Midsummer 1721 to Christmas 1734, amounts to - 9,060 \u

And that the Debt remaining, due at Christmas 1734, amounts to - 6,150 5 4

And the said Mr. Thomas also said, That the Tolls granted by the said Act are very final!, and that they are much less than any other Tolls laid by any Act of Parliament for repairing Roads about this Town; and that, the Toll being so small, the Trustees are obliged to apply One-half towards paying the Interest of the Money borrowed; and that therefore there is not a sufficient Fund to repair the Road effectually, and to repay the Money borrowed; so that the Road cannot be amended, and kept in repair, unless the Toll, Term, and Powers, granted by the former Act, be inlarged.

John Milner Esquire, being examined, confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Thomas; and further said, That Oxford Road, leading from St. Giles's Pound, to a Place called The Lord Mayor'sBanquetting-houJ'e Bridge, hath been partly paved with Pebble-Hones by the Trustees, partly by the Inhabitants, and that other Parts thereof are unpaved; whereby, and by the Inhabitants not repairing and cleaning their Pavements, and the Trustees being not impowered by the said Act to pave the said Street, it is become full of deep Holes, and dangerous to Passengers.

And he also said, That the said Street is incapable of being repaired and cleansed, as it ought to be, unless some further Provision be given.

And the said Mr. Milner further added. That the Trustees are under great Difficulties to get the Compo-lition-Money paid in lieu of the Statute-work, by reason of the Poverty of the Inhabitants, who very often leave their Habitations before or as soon as the Year is out.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for inlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from SL Giles's Pound to Kilbourn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex; and for the better paving Part

of the said Road: And that Sir Francis Child, and Mr. Pulteney, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Tittenfa and Inhabitants of the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, on the behalf of themselves, and the neighbouring Towns and Villages in and about the great Post Road leading through the Towns of Stone and Talk on the Hill, in the County of Stafford, and other Places in the Counties of Chester and Lancaster, unto some of the most Northern Parts of this Kingdom, and of divers other Persons travelling the said Road, was presented to the House, and read; praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the Bill for inlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing and amending the Highways between the Town or Village of Tittenfor and the most Northern Parts of Talk on the Hill, in Butt-lane, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time; and that the Petitioners, if they think tit, be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill,

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, for the said Bill, at the same time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday the Fourth Day of March next.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of I the Borough of Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford: And also,

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants and Traders of Newcastle under Lyne;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; praying an Enlargement of the Term and Powers

granted

8 Geo. II. 25*

391

granted by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of he r late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing and amending the Highways between the Town or Village of Tiltenfor, md the most Northern Parts of Talk on Hie Hill, in BnlUlanc, in the County of Stafford) for fn long time, and in such manner as to the I Ionic shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table until the Second Reading of the Bill for inlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing and amending the Highways be-ween the Town or Village of Tiltenjor, and the most

Northern Parts of Talk on the Hill, in Bull-lane, in the County of Stafford.

The House being informed, that Mr. Owen Davis, Wdtainster from the Dean and Chapter of Westminster, attended at Abbey, the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account, shewing how the Money granted last Session of Parliament, for the Repair of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter's, Westminster, hath been disposed of.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

As ACCOUNT, shewing how the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament, for the Repair of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster, hath been disposed of* prepared in pursuance of an Order of the honourable House of Commons, of the 24th Instant.

£ s. (L

Remained in Hand, on the Foot of the Account laid before this honourable House on the 18th of

February 1733-4..... - - *>448 15 4

Received the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, granted in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the said Collegiate Church * 4,000 — —

Charge - 5*448 15 4

Paid to the Mason, his Bills to Christmas 1734 *>873 17 7

Paid to the Carpenter the fame.....*#071 19

Paid to the Plumber the I 11c 575 15 2

Paid to the Smith the lame.....224 7 11

Paid to the Bricklayer the same - - - - 10131

Paid to the Glazier the same - - - - -.....- 107 10 —

Paid to the Rope-maker the fame..... 43 3 6

Paid to the Charcoal-man the same - % - 184 —

Paid to the Painter the same 13 16 I

Paid to the Labourers the fame..... 127 16 6

Paid to the Carter the same 21 7 —

Paid to the Wheelwright the same ..... 19 —

Paid to thcWircman the same -.....- - - - 54 in

Paid to the Tinman the same ----- 2 10 —

Paid the Fees of the Two Houses of Parliament for the Clause in the Sinking Fund Bill, for

repairing the said Church, and other Incidents - -- - - 98 19 —

Paid to the Surveyor General of the said Repairs, and other Officers, their Allowances, and an

Arrear of Salary - £76 18 10

Discharge - 4,522 9 1

£ d.

Charge, is -..... 5*448 15 4

Discharge, is ----- 4>522 9 1

Remains in Hand - 926 6 3

Owen Davis, Receiver to the

Dean and Chapter of Westminster.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Warwick The House proceeded, according to Order, to the ilcdioo. hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Thomas Archer and Henry Archer, Esquire s, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Warwick, in the County of Warwick:

And the Counsel were called in:

And the said Petition was read:

And the last Determination of the House, concerning the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, made the Thirty-first Day of January 1722, was read.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard; and produced Evidence, in order to di fcjualii'y several Persons who voted for the Sitting Members; and also to add to the Poll of the Petitioners several Persons who offered to vote for the Petitioners, and were refused; and thereby to make a Majority of Votes for the Petitioners.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Members acquainted the House, That, upon the Evidence produced by the Counsel for the Petitioners, which lie admitted, he did V01. 22,

allow, that there was a Majority of Votes for the Petitioners.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Sir William Keyt Baronet is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Warwick, in the County of Warwick

It passed in the Negatiue.

Mr. Bromley, one of the Sitting Members, was heard in his Place t

And then he withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That William Bromley Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Warwick, in the County of Warwick;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That Thomas Archer Esquire is duly elected a Burgess-To serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Warwick, in the County of Warwick.

Resolved, That Henry Archer Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Warwick, in the Coupty of Warwick.

Ordered\

392 as" — 26°

Warwick Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do at-

Etturn. ten(j tj^js House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Warwick, in the County of Warwick, by rating out the Names of Sir Wm. Keyte Baronet, and William Bromley Esquire, and inserting the Names of Thomas Archer Esquire, and Henry Archer Esquire, instead thereof.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

Lord The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to en-C^araem S a^e John Child Esquire, commonly called Lord Castle-main, and the Heirs of his Body, and such other Persons, who, by virtue of a Settlement made by Frederick Tylney Esquire, deceased, shall be in Possession of the Estates therein limited, to take and use the Surname of Tylney To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Order of thelDay being read;

Punishing 7'he House resolved itself into a Committee of the Mut,"y whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and

tion. *er Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army

and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Andrews took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

M r. Andrews reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow i Morning.

And then the House adjourned till* Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 26° die Februarii;

Anno 8° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1734.

Prayers.

Warwick I I E Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, ac-Return JL cording to Order, amended the Return for the atnenue . x>oroUgh of Warwick, in the County of Warwick.

St, AnanJ Sir Thomas Aston reported from the Committee, to

*c‘ oa whom the Petition of the acting Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the First Year of the Reign of his Ma-jeliy King George the First, of glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways through the several Parillies of St. Michael, St. Alban, St. Peter, Shenley Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex; and also an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for re pair ing and widening the Road leading from the Black Bull in Dunstable, in the county of 'Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shqfford-hoiiJe, in the County of Hertford; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The said Committee hare, pursuant to the Order of \ the House, of 21st February instant, examined

the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove what is alleged therein,

Mr, John Smith was called: And, being examined, said, That the Toll granted by the first-meiitioned Act, and the Money borrowed thereupon, have been duly applied in amending the Highways directed to be re-

lA

Februarii. A. 1734.

paired by the Act of the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First.

The said John Smith and Evans Dickinson, being examined as to the Condition of the Highways, fe-veraliy said, That the Roads are, by reason of the great Number of heavy Carriages continually drawn thereon, become very ruinous; and that the Income of the said Toll is not sufficient to repair the fame.

It appeared, by the Evidence of the said John Smith,

That there is a Debt of £. 1,180 still fubfifiing, being Monies borrowed for repairing the said Highways; and that the same cannot be repaid, nor the Highways sufficiently amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers granted in and by the said Act, of the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, be further inlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways through the several Parities of St. Michael, St. Alban,

St. Peter, Shenley Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex; and for continuing the Powers and Authorities granted by the said Act, and also by an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Black Bull in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shqfford-house, in the County of Hertford: And that Sir Thomas Aston, Mr.

Ashby, Mr. William Plummer, and Sir Thomas Sebright, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord to enable John Child Esquire, commonly called Lord Cafticmain’i Cafilemdin, and the Heirs of his Body, and such other ^aiue* Persons, who, by virtue of a Settlement made by Frederick Tylney Esquire, deceased, shall be in possession of the Estates therein limited, to take and use the Surname of Tylney, was read the First time.

Resolved, That /the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dukcof for enabling the Two younger Sons of John Duke of Kuli^’5 Rutland, by Bridget late Duchessof Rutland, and their SoDS respective Children, Progeny, and I flue, to take and use the Surname of Sutton, pursuant to the Will of Robert Lord Lexington, deceased, and in such manner as is therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Win-vington, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Sandys. Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Lord Gage,. Sir James Grant, Mr. Ashleyt Mr.

Hacks, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Wollaston, Mr. Brereton, Sir John Rushout, Lord Vere Beau clerk. Lord Archibald Hamilton, Mr. Harley, Lord Charles Cavendish, Mr.

Pigolt, Mr. Mally cot t, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Montagu,

Mr. Andrews, Mr. Bradshaw. Sir Thomas Saundcrfon,

Mr. James Noel, Mr. Clavering, Mr. Huxley, Lord John Sackville, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Bird, Mr. Bacon, Lord Middlesex, Lord James Cavendish, Mr. Longueville, Mr.

Yorke, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Hume Campbell, Lord Polworth, Mr. Bramston; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Leicester, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Andrews, according to Order, reported from the Pnnishing Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Mutiny a punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better pay- Dcfcmon ment of the Army and their Quarters; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table *. Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of

them

8 Geo. II.

7.6" Februarii.

393

them was difairr^ecl to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Cl use was offered, to be added to the Bill, providing, that every Person inlisted as a Soldier shall be carried before a Magistrate; and, before fuel) Magistrate, shall have Li’»erty to declare his DitVentto stich Inlisting:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks:

And a Debate arising in the House, upon the said Cl n use;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

of The Copy of his Majesty’s Warrant, whereby letters

g are permitted to pass free from the Duty payable upon Post Letters, which was prefonted to the House upon the Nineteenth Day of this Instaut February, was read* and is as follows; viz.

GEORGE R.

Whereas we arc given to understand, that the Revenue anting by the General letter Office, or Office of Postmaltor General, bath heretofore suffered great Prejudice by the free Carriage of a great Number of Letters and Pacquets, from time to time, which ought to have been paid for according to the Acts of Parliament in that behalf; and that, for rettraining the Mif-chief attending fuel) Practices, our Royal Pnedecessors have directs!, from time to time, by Warrant under their Royal Sign Maituui, to whom the said Freedom of fending or receiving free any I-ethts or Pat quets should be granted or allowed: Our Will and Pleasure, therefore, is, and we do hereby require and command, That, from henceforth, you permit and fnffer no Person or Persons whatsoever to fend or receive free any Letters or Pacquets, which, by virtue of the said Acts of Parliament, or any of them, ought to be paid for, as aforesaid; Kxcept, our Principal Secretaries of State for the time being, the Com mi lii oners of our Treasury now being, and our High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of our Treasury, for the Time being, anti the Secretaries to the Treasury for the Time being, the Secretary at War, the Secretary of our Admiralty, our Lieutenant General, or oth» r Chief Governor or Governors, of onr Kingdom of Ireland, for the Time being, and his or their Secretary; excepting also the Members of both our Houses of Parliament, during every Sessions of Parliament, and for Forty Days before, and Forty Days after, every SolTion; so as the Letters or Pacquets to be franked, by virtue of this our Authority, for the Members of Parliament of either House, do not exceed the Weight of Two Ounces: And our further Pleasure is. That our said Secretaries of State, Commissioners of our Treasury, and our High Treasurer, and the Secretaries of the Treasury, our Secretary at War, and the Secretary to our Admiralty, our Lieutenant or Chief Governor of our Kingdom of Ireland for the Time being, and his Secretary, or any of them, now or for the Time being, shall not, at any Time or Times, permit or suffer any Person or Persons whatsoever to fend any private Letters, under Cover, to them, the same not being for our Service, but what they shall immediately send to the said General Post Office, to be taxed, and delivered from thence; and shall not cover any Persons Letters whatsoever, other than their own; and that they shall give strict Orders to the respective Secretaries and Clerks under them to govern themselves accordingly: And we do also will and require you to make our Pleasure known to the Members of our said Houses of Parliament, That, for preventing the Abuses, which, as we have been informed, have been frequently practised by divers Persons, who, not being Members of either of our said Houses of Parliament ‘themselves, have yet presumed to indorse on their Letters the Names of inch as were; as also to direct their Letters to Members of Parliament, when, at the same time, such Letters do not really belong to or concern the Members to whom the same are directed, we do expect, that the Members of both Houses do conllantly indorse their own Names on their own Letters, with their own Vol. 22.

Hand-writing; and that they do not suffer any Letters whatsoever, other than fuel) as concern themselves, to pass under their Frank, Cover, or Direction, to the Diminution and Prejudice of our said Revenue; and, for so doing, this shall be your Warrant.

Given at our Court at St. James's, this 18th Day of October 1727, in the Firil Year of our Reign.

By his Majesty’s Command.

To our trusty and well- /?. Waljjole,

beloved Edward Carteret Cha. Turner,

and Edward Harrijbn Geo. Dodington,

Esquires, our Postmaster Geo. Oxenden>

General. Will. Clayton.

This is a true Copy, compared with the Original, by me,

W. Rouse, Secretary. Warrant for allowing such Letters as are to pass free.

Ordered, That the said Copy be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Walter Plamer, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Wm. Yenge, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Chancellor o! the Exchequer, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Edward Wal/tole, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Cluttcrbuck, Sir Thomas Frank-land, x\lr. Frank land. Lord Morpeth, Lord Polwarth, I^ord Vere Beauclerk, Mr. Plumptrr, Mr. Holland, Mr. Bladen, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Aridities, Lord G tenor chy, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Copied on, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Dttndas, Mr. Jeffries, ^ir John Shelly, Mr. Pultency, Mr. Erejkine; Mr. Thomas Tower, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bacon, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Edgcumbe, Mr. Carey, Mr. Waller, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Harley, Sir Wilfrid Laufon, Sir Christopher Powell, Sir John Hind Cotton, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Marshal, Lord Nod Somerset, Mr. Heathcote: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

0

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr.

Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Engel'*, ate. Act for naturalizing Samuel Engel and John Peter Nat. BlaquierCy with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords ddire the Concurrence of this House:

And also.

The Lords do desire, that this House will give Leave The Lord# to Colonel Philip Anjtruther, and Patrick Lyndfay desire Leave Esquire, Members of this House, to attend the Lords Committees for Privileges, in order to their giving Evidence, before the said Committee, in relation to the Matter of a Petition of James Makgill, Viscount of Oxford, to his Majesty, desiring the Establishment of the Petitioner’s Right to the Honour and Dignity of Viscount of Orfurd, and Lord Makgill of CouJland% referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That Colonel Philip Anjlruther, and Patrick Lyndfay Esquire, Members of this House, have Leave to go to the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships, if the said Members think fit. '

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them, That the House had considered that Part of their Message which related to Colonel Philip Anjlruther, and Patrick Lyndfay Esquire,

Members of this House, and had given Leave to the said Members to go to the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships, if the said Members think fit.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Wav*

5 H night, and

0

394 2<P — if

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raifnig the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply. Rejoiced, That this House will* upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 70 Februarii;

v

Anno 8° Georgii IK' Regis, 1734*

Prayers.

Debtors \ PETITION of the poor insolvent Debtors con-Petition. f\ fined in Chelmsford Goal, in and for the County of Essex, was presented to the House, and read; praying the House to take their unhappy Circumstanceg into Consideration; and grant such Relief1 to them as the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Exptrtation A Petition of the Woolcombers, Clothiers, Weavers,

of Wool. p)yers, &c. of the City of Coventry, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands in and about the said City, employed in the Woollen Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the unlawful Exportation of Wool to France, and of Woollen Goods completely manufactured from Ireland to foreign Parts; And therefore praying the House to take the Premises 0 into Consideration; and give the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Masters, Workmen, and other Persons, concerned in the Woollen and Silk Manufactures within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, on behalf of themselves, and all other Persons concerned in the said Manufactures throughout Great Britain, is referred.

Debtors A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Petition. Castle of Nonoich, in behalf of themselves, and Thousands in the several Gaols of thus Kingdom, and of such as have fled to other Countries for fear of Arrest, and a miserableConfinement for Life, who are willing to surrender up all their Effects in Discharge of their Debts, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress, and of several Defects in the Act for Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and of the ill Consequence of the Fear of Arrest, and Imprisonment for Life: And therefore praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Preservation Ordered, That Leave be given tobring in a Bill for ren-

of Turn- dering the Laws more effectual for punishing such Per-pike*, &c. fons as ^ajj wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes for repairing Highways, or Locks, or other Works, erected, by Act of Parliament, for making Rivers navigable: And that Colonel Selwyn and Sir George Cafwall, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Maribon>ngh A Petition of Charles Duke of Marlborough, and Sa-oa rah Duchess Dowager of Marlborough, Executrix and Trustee of the Will of John Duke of Marlborough, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; praying, That they maybe heard against the Bill depending in this House for repairing the Roads from St. Peters Church in Marlborough, to Sheppards Shord, in the Parish of Bi-m shops Cannings, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Wilts; and that they may have a reason-17

Februarii. A. 1734.

able Time to fend for their Witnesses; and that the House will give them such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, for the said Bill, at the same time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Fortnight.

Sir Francis Child presented to the House, according St; Giles’s to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Pound to granted by an Act* passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First;, for repairing the Road from St. Giles's Pound to Kilbourn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex; and for the better paving Part of the said Road: And the same was re* ceived; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Engel*, &C4 Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Nat.

An Act for naturalizing Samuel Engel and John Peter Blaquiere:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz*

Press 1. Line 6. Leave out " and

Line 8. After " Hollandf insert c< Henry ct Wile kens, Son of Christian Wjlckcns, by Rebecca his " Wife, born at Bremen; John Bernard Hofffileger, Son " of Bernard Hofffileger, by Martha his Wife; born at <c Miniden, in che Electorate of Hanover; Loth Specht u Son of Loth Specht, by Magdalena his Wife; born at <c Ravenfpurg, in Swabia; Wolfcrt Van Hemert, Son of li Francis Van Hemert, by Anne his Wife, born at Amferdam; Noah Bliffon, Son of Antony Bliffon, by Martha his Wife, born at Bern, in Switzerland; Peter Lemaiftre, Son of Peter Lemaiftre, by Louisa his Wife,

" born at Paris; Diederick William Toderhorji, Son of " John Toderhorf, by Catherine his Wife, bormat Brinifwick; Mifael alias Remon Malfalgueyrat, Son of Elias " Malfalgueyrat, by Margaret his Wife, born at Peru " gort, in Guienne; and John Stephen Carbonell, Sou " of Peter Carbonell, by Terefia, his Wife, born at " Leghorn

L. ao. Leave out " and:"

L. 21. After " Blaquiereinfert c< He?m/

" Wickens, John Bernard Hofffieleger, Loch Specht,

" Wolfert Van Hemert, Noah Bliffon, Peter Lemaiflre,

" Diederick William Toderhorf, Mifael alias Remon " Malfalgueyrat, and John Stephen Carbonell

L. 35. Leave out " and;" and, " after Bla-<c quieref insert " Henry Wilckens, John Bernard <c Hoffjhleger, Loth Specht, Wolfert Van Hemert, Noah " Bliffon, Peter Lemaiftre, Diederick Wm. Toderhorji,

" Mifael alias Remon Malfalgueyrat, and John Stephen " Carbonell

Press 2. L. 25. Leave out " and;" and, after " Blaquiere," insert "Henry Wilckens, John Bernard IIoff-"Jhkger, Loth Specht, Wolfert Van Hemert, Noah BliJfoil, Peter Lemaiftre, Diederick William Toderhorji, il Mifael alias Remon Malfalgueyrat, and John Stephen " Carbonell :ty

L.. 36. Leave out " and*," and, after " Blaquiere ft insert " Henry Wilckens, John Bernard " Hoffjhleger, Loth Specht, Wolfert Van Hemert, Noah " Bliffon, Peter Lemaiftre, Diederick Wm. Toderhorji,

" Mifael alias Remon Malfalgueyrat, and John Stephen " Carbonell

In the Title of the Bill, Line 2,' Leave out " and;,? and, at the End of the Title, add " and others:"

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir James Campbell do carry the B ill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The

0

8 Geo. It. if — 38' Februarii.

395

Westbury The I Ioufe being acquainted. That the honourable fclcdioa. George Evans and John Bance Esquires, Sitting Members for the Borough of Westbun/, in the County of Wilts, did, on the 10th Day of this inllant Februan/, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House, of the 2 ift Day of Xovember 1717, leave with the Clerk of this House their Demand, in Writing, of the Qualification of the honourable James Bertie Esquire, one of the Petitioners complaining of an undue West ion and Return for the said Borough; and that the said Mr. Bertie had not delivered in to the Clerk any Paper of his Qualification, pursuant to the said Standing Order;

The Demand of the said Qualification, and also the said Standing Order of the House, were read;

And the C lerk of the House, being called upon, acquainted the House, That he had not received any Particular of the said Mr. Bertie*s Qualification.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon so much of the Petition of the honourable James Bertie Esquire, and William Phipps Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of West bury, in the County of Wilts, as relates to the said Mr. Bertie; he having neglected to comply with the Standing Order of this House, whereby be is required to deliver in his Qualification to the Clerk of this House, within Fifteen Days after Demand thereof.

Vefoninster A Petition of the Dean and Choptc r of the Collegiate Abbq. Church of St. Peter, in Westminster, being offered lobe presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, being informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to their Consideration.

Ti.en the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That there being no Provision of Fabrick-rents, or other Emoluments, to enable the Dean and Chapter either to complete the iinfmitlied Parts of the said Collegiate Church, or to keep in Repair what was erected; and they lowing annually expended considerable Sums upon the many other laige and pubbek Buildings within their Precinct, which it is incumbent on them to keep up; the Parliament, by Two Acts, made in the Fighth Year of the lteigu of his late Majesty King William the Third, and in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, allotted them inch an annual Sum, out of the Duties upon Coals, for a certain Number of Years, as hath enabled them to repair the most ruinous Parts, and to make good about Two-thirds of the whole Fabrick; but that, the said annual Allowance ex pinner, and the Money arising therefrom being all expended about Michaelmas 1728, and a further Supply being necessary to support a considerable Part of ttie Church, with the Chapel of King Henry the Seventh, Hill remaining in a ruinous Condition, the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, upon Application made to the last Parliament, was, in each of the Two last Sessions thereof, granted for this Purpose; an Account of the Disposal and Application whereof hath been laid before this House; but that a further Supply, lor repairing and finishing the said Collegiate Church, is still wanting: And therefore expressing their Hope, That so great and good a Work, carried on, and so far advanced, by the Aid of former Parliaments, will be continued by the present: and that this venerable Pile, wherein the Remains of the Royal Family, the Nobility, and chief Gentry, of these Realms, are deposited, will be esteemed a publick Concern, and be it length finished according to its intended Model.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

African A Petition of the Royal African Company of Eng-Company. ian([ bej0g i^ffered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's

Vol. 22.

Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, being informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to their Consideration.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read: alleging. That the House of Commons having, upon full Examination and Consideration of the State of the Trade to Africa, granted, in the last Session of the last Parliament, the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements belonging to the Petitioners there, the said Sum hath been applied accordingly; and it having appeared to the House, that the said Forts and Settlements cannot be supported, and the Trade preserved, without the Aid of Parliament: Therefore praying.

That such further Provisions may be made in the Premises as to the Iloufe shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

Ordered, That the Royal African Company of England do lay before this House, the Establishment for their several Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, with the Charges thereof, for the Year 1734, distinguishing how much of the same is on the Account of Trade, and how much for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Forts and Settlements; and also an Account, how the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament, towards the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, has been disposed of.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charges of the Royal African Company of England, for the Maintenance of the several British Forts and Settlements belonging to the said Company on the Coast of Africa, for the Year 1735, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Colchefte# Clerk of the Crown, to make^out a new Writ for Writ, electing a Bnrgefs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, in the room of Isaac Lemyng Rebow Esquire, deceased.

The Order of the Day being read;

l lie House resumed the adjourned Debate, of Yester- Punishing day, upon the Clause offered to be added to the Bill for anc*

punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better c nonpayment of the Army, and their Quarters:

And the said Clause was amended, and added by the House to the Bill.

And another Clause was added:

And the Blanks in the said Clause being filled up, and the Clause amended, the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, declaring, That if any Person shall receive the In-Ji(ling-money, knowing it to be such, and shall abscond, or refuse to go before a Magistrate, in order to declare his Affenfc or Dissent to the Inlisting, such Person shall be deemed to be infilled to all Intents and Purposes:

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 28° die Februarii;

Anno 88 Georgii IId‘ Regis 1734. Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and

Perry,

3 q6 28° Februarii. . 1734*

Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year One thou fond Seven hundred and Thirty-five; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

St. James, A Petition of the Vestrymen, and other the Inhabi-

Wt stminster, tants of the Two Parishes of St. James and St. George,

Watch^&c Hanover-square, within the Liberty of Westmiiijler, was

' presented to the House, and read; setting forth the

Importance and Necessity of keeping a sufficient, strong, and well-regulated Watch, in the Night-time, within the several Parishes of this great and populous City, Burglaries, Robberies, and other Outrages and Disorders, in and about the fame, having, of late, much increased; and that, by the Laws now in being, no effectual Provision is made for establishing, ordering, or well-governing, any such Nightly Watch, or for the due levying and coilecting Money for defraying the necessary Charges thereof, or for enforcing a due Application, and just Account, of Money so levied and collected; and farther representing to the House, That, for want of a proper Regulation of the Beadles appointed and employed within the said Two Parishes, who have been of great Charge, and little Use, to the fame, the Streets have been every Day more and more pestered with idle vagrant Beggars, to the great Annoyance of Passengers, and Reproach of our Laws and Government: and that the Methods hitherto practised, for railing Money to maintain the said Beadles, have been very precarious and unwarrantable: And therefore, and in order to remedy the Mischiefs and Inconveniencies aforesaid, praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the said Two Parishes of St. James, Westminster, and St. George, Hanover square.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Tyrconnel, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Winning ton. Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Bacon, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Walker, Mr. Crozele, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Thomas Archer, Mr. Henry Archer, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Pultaiey, Mr. Turner, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Wynne, Sir Roger Burgoyne, Lord Glenorchy, Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Laroche, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, General Wade, Mr. Whitworth, Lord Archibald Hamilton, Sir Hen. Hoghton, Mr. Fox, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Arundell, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Bladen, Sir James Campbell, Sir Michael Newton, Mr. Waller, Mr. Bowles, Sir Wm. Heathcote, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Foley, Mr. Henley, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Delme, Mr. Thomas Bladen, Mr. Conduit, Lord John Sackville, Mr. Earle, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Hoar, Mr. Shippen, Sir Wilfnd Lawson, Mr. More, Lord Middlesex, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Bowes, Lord Noel SomerJ'et, Lord Pohyarth, M r. How, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Rozvney, Dr. Clark \ and all the Members that serve for the County of Middlesex, and City of Westminster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Standing The Resolution of the House, of the 13th Day of March 1716, being read; viz.

*c. Resolved, That no Bill be ordered to be brought in,

on any Petition, for repairing or amending any Highway, or for making or cleansing any Port or Harbour, or for making any River navigable, or for any other Work proposed to be carried on by Tolls or Duties to be levied on the Subject in particular Places, till such Petition has been referred to a Committee, and they have examined the Matter thereof, and reported the same to the House.

Ordered, Nemine contradicenle, That the said Resolution be a Standing Order of thq House.

The House being moved, that the Second and Ninth Importation Sections of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign ot &c< of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better preventing frfcfii Fish, taken by Foreigners, being imported into this Kingdom, and for the Preservation of the Fry of Fifii; and for the givingLeave to import Lobsters and Turbots in foreign Bottoms; and for the better Preservation of Salmon within several Rivers in that Part of this Kingdom called England; might be read;

The same were read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to render more effectual an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better preventing fresh Fish, taken by Foreigners, being imported into this Kingdom, and for the Preservation of the Fry of Fish; and for giving Leave to import Lobsters and Turbots, in foreign Bottoms; and for the better Preservation of Salmon within several Rivers in that Part of this Kingdom called England: And that Mr. Glanville, and the Earl of Middlesex, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Reverend John TJenne, Doctor in St. Leonard Divinity, Vicar, Thomas Corderoy and Thomas Taylor, Churchwardens, and also of the Inhabitants, of the Pa- urc V

rifli of St. Leonard in Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Church of the said Parish is a very ancient Fabrick, and, being built at first with Chalk and Rubble, is now in a very runious State; and that, in the Opinion of very able and experienced Workmen, it is absolutely necessary to rebuild it: And therefore praying Leave for bringing in a Bill to enable the Parishioners of the said Parish to take down and rebuild the said Church and Steeple, in such mariner as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Francis Child, Sir John Ru/h-out, Mr. Pulteney, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Earle,

Mr. Rawl. Earle, Mr. Walter, Mr. Dr ax. Sir Robert Abdy, Sir Wm. Jolliffe, Sir James Campbell, Mr. More,

Sir Charles Turner, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Yorke,

Lord Tyrconnel, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Clayton, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Compton, Dr. Lee, Mr. Andrews,

Lord Archibald Hamilton, Lord John Murray, Mr.

White, Mr. Tower, Sir Jennyn Dovers, Mr. Fenwick,

Mr. Blacket, Mr. Tozcnjhend, Mr. Finch, Doctor Clark,

Lord Cornbury, Mr. Archer, Mr. Harley, Mr. Bramston,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Walker, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr.

Banks, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Trefufis, Sir Michael Newton, Sir John Ilind Cotton, Sir Charles B unbury, Mr. Brevet on. Lord Morpeth, Mr. Shippen,

Lord Noel Somerset; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of William Mackenzie late Earl of Seaforth Earl of being offered to be presented to the House; rvr^K'i v*

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s byAttaipd Command, acquainted the House, That the same of the Petitioner having been humbly represented to his Majesty, his Majesty gives his Consent, that the House may do therein as they think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and the Allegations thereof were read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, was attainted of High Treason; and thereby, and by other Acts of Parliament, all his Estate, real and

personal

Fml ADirnt loDJU.

Earl of Seafortift Debilities Attainder.

tfewcastle upon Tyne Streets, Ace.

8 Geo. II.

28° Februarii.

V91

peifonat, became forfeited, and vested io Trustees, to be sold, for the Use of the Publick; and that his said Majesty, by his Letters Patent, bearing Date the 12th Day of July, in the 12th Year of his Reign, Mas pleased to pardon and discharge the Petitioner, ot and from Impri-Ibument and Execution of his Ptribn, on such Attainder; and that his present Majesty, in Consideration of the Petitioners Circumstances, Mas pleased to grant and allow hhu the Sum of Three thousand Nine hundred and Sixteen Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence, being an Arrear of Quit Rents or Feu Duties, payable to the Crovin, out of the lflund of Part of the Petitioners F.ttate, foi ieited by his find Attainder, owing when the said Estate was, by his Majesty s Court of Exchequer in Scotland, ibid, for the Benefit of the Publick, and to be answered to the Crown, out of the Price and Profits of the Ibid.Eft ate so fold; but that the Petitioner is not only in Duiker of loling the Sum lb intended to be given him, by his Majesty 3 Good nets, and all the Produce and Benefit thereof but is exposed to many Difficulties, being incapable to lue, or maintain any Action or Suit, and is likenife wholly ditabled to take or inherit any real or person d Elian th it shall or may hereafter defeend or come ti him; and, b\ reaton of his said Attainder, is excluded from the Means of providing for himself and his unfortunate Family.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, Gentleman U flier of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers:

And, being leturned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House bad attended his Majesty, in the House of Peers; and that his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal A (Tent to One publick and One privutc Bill; following; viz.

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in tliut Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-five:

An Act for naturalizing Samuel Engel, John Peter Blaquicre, and others.

Then the Conclusion of the Petition of William Mac-kenxic, late Earl of Sea/orth, was read: Praying the House to give Leave to bring in a Bill for removing the Disability and Inc&(>acity occassioned by his Attainder; or to grunt him fucll other Relief as to the House shall feern meet

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable U illiam Mackenzie, lute Earl of Scajorth, to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or per-lbnal Liiate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him: And that Mr. Forbes, Mr. Drummond, and Mr. Arejkine, do prepare, and bring in, the linne.

A Petition of the Mayor, and the rest of the Common Council, of the Town of Xewcajllc upon Tyne, in the County of the Town of Newcq/ile upon Tyne, was prefen ted to the House, and read; representing the great Service, Importance, and Neccfiity, of enlightening the Streets of the said Town, and keeping a strong and re-

fular Watch in the Night-time, within the same, for the Velervation of the Peribus and Properties of the Inhabitants thereof; and to prevent the Commission of any Murders, Burglaries, Robberies, Felonies, or other outrageous Misdemeanours, in the Night-time, within the said Town, which is very large and populous, and to w Inch many Strangers relort: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlightening the -Vo L.

Streets of, and keeping h strong regular Watch in the Night-time, within the said Town.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consider&tion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appearto them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackett Mr. Fenwick, Mr.

Bowes, Sir Henry Lyddall', Mr. Lyddall, Sir Robert Grof~ vcifor, Mr. Lumbton, Mr. Jenifon, Mr. Mealier, Mr. Hed~ worth, Lord Glenorchy, Lord Polwarth, Mr. Hume Campbell, Lord Moipeih, Lord Combury, Mr. Watts,

Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Sir Wm.

Lout her, Mr. Yorke, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Walker, Sir Robert Brown, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Hampden, Mr.

Clayton, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Gore, Mr. Tower, Mr.

Archer, Mr. Trcby, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Lindsay, Mr.

Par fans, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sandy s, Lord Sidney Beauclti'k,

Mr. Seluyn, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Ernie, Mr. Laroche, Sif Edward Stanley, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Hacks,

Lord XoclSotnerfet, Sir John Barna)'d, Mr. Harley, Mr.

Packer, Mr. Leneup, Lord Gage, Mr. Longueville, Mr.

Hen. Archer, Mr. Cockburn, Mr. Kinafton, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Price, Mr. Ertfkine; and all the Members iliat serve for the Counties of Northumbefland and Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Vestry- St* men, and others, of the Parish of Saint Margaret's, Westminster, in behalf of them lei ves, and the rest of die Pa- Westminster* rishoners, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty being informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to their Consideration:

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; alledging, That the Expence of making commodious, beautifying, and repairing, the Church of the said Parish, which this House, and their Predecessors, have made Choice of to honour with their Presence, having their particular Appointment of Seats therein, to attend divine Service, together with the Purchase, Repairs, and Furniture, of a vVorkhouse, has created so great a Parish Debt, yet remaining unsatisfied, and occasioned such heavy annual Rates, to which a much finaller N umber of Inhabitants are now subject, since the great Increase of Buildings in the Upper Liberty, and the Removal of great Numbers of the liest and wealthiest Inhabitants of the said Parish, that the Petitioners are unable, without the greatest Difficulty, to go through a further Charge, however necessary; and, as the Tow er of the said Church, and some late discovered Defects in the Roof, are the only Parts of the Building which want Relief, and the said Towfer is in a ruinous Condition; therefore, and in regard to the Circumstances of the said Parish, and their having formerly received Favours from an House of Commons, to repair their Church, praying the House to grant them such Assistance, as will enable them to make Repairs suitable to the Church which has the Honour to receive the Representatives of the People of Great Britain, the Expence w hereof, by Computation, will amount to about Three thousand Five hundred Pounds.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto Highgate subscribed, appointed to put in Execution Two Acts of and Hamp-Parliament, one of the Third, the other of the Eighth stead Roadi-Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways leading from the several Places, in the said Acts mentioned, to Highgate Gate-house, and Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex; and also an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing, explaining, and making more effectmd, the

I kid

Gooffl<

Supply.

398 i8° Febraarit — 30 Martii. 734*

said Acte; was presented to the House, arid read praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, such Parts of the said Acts as relate to the Statute-work, or Compofi-' lions, to be done, or made, by the ieverai Parishes wherein the said Roads do lie; and to enable the Petitioners to recover the several Sums agreed to be paid by the said ieverai Parishes, in lieu of their Statute-work, and which have not been paid by them respectively, but are still in Arrear; or that the Petitioners may have such other . Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Francis Child, Mr. Pulteney, Lord Sidney Beau clerk, Mr. Rozcney, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Earle, Mr. More, Mr. Raw I. Earle, Sir Charles Wager, Lord Fere Beauclerk, Sir John Heathcote, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Brereton, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Sandys. Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Gore, Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Parsons, Sir Wilfrid Laxvjhn, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Packer, Mr. Yorke, Sir James Grant, Mr. Rose, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Clutterbuck, Sir Michael Aezoton, Mr. Evans, Mr. White, Mr. Kinafton, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Ashley, Mr. Inwcn, Mr. Bacon, Mr Harley, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Laroche, Sir James Campbell, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Crozvle, Lord Polwarth, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Leheup, Lord Gage, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Cochburn, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Price, Mr. Erejkinc; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Middlesex and Hertford: and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ' consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of Services incurred, by augmenting his Majesty’s Forces, and in concerting such other Measures, as the Exigency of his Majesty s Affairs have required, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Treaty with Denmark, -r’ September 1734; and the Translation thereof; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty between the King and the States General, and the King of Denmark, about Troops; and secret Articles; 15th Jw;?e 1701; and the Translation thereof; which were presented to the House the Sixth Day of January 1701; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty s Navy, as it stood on the Thirty-first of December 1734, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1735, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1734. hath been disposed of; distihguished under the several Heads; until the Tenth day of February 1734; and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Surplusses stated at Lady-day 1734, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Surplusses stated at Michaelmas 1734, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

- Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

‘ Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to-report, when the House will please to receive the same.

V.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, That he w as directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committed

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

LumZ) 30 die Martii;

Anno 8° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1734.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that the Accomptant African General to the African Company attended at the Forlsa, rf Door; SektW

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, the.Establishment of the Royal African Company of England, for their several Forls and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, with the Charges thereof, for the Year 1734; dHiinguidling how much of the same is on Account of Trade, and how much for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Forts and Settlements; and also, an Account how the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament, towards the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, hath been disposed of: And also.

An Estimate of the Charges of the Royal African Company of England, for the Maintenance of the several British Forts and Settlements, belonging to the said Company, on the Coast of Africa, for the Year 1735.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Establishment and Estimate were read.

Ordered, That the said Establishment and Estimate do die upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Establishmcrtt and Estimate are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Commits*

A Petition of the principal Gentlemen, Owners and Rochdale, I Occupiers of Lands, Merchants, Tradcfmeri, and Inhabitants, within, or near to, the Parishes, Towns, and 1 Townships, of Rochdale, Hundersfield, Halifax; Soyland, and Ealand, in the Counties of Lancaster and York, was presented to the House, and read; alledging. That the Roads leading from the East End of Yorkshire-Jireet, in the Tow n of Rochdale, in the County of Lancaster, to and over a high craggy Mountain, called Blackjtonc Edge, in the said County; and from thence through the Common Highways to the Towns of Halifax and Ealand, in the County of York; being Part of the common Highway not only from Manchester and Rochdale, but also from the Cities, Sea Ports, and Market Towns, of Shrezrjhuvy Chester, Liverpool, and Warrington, to the trading Towns of Leeds, Half)ax, Wakefield, the City of York, and Ports of Hull and Scarborough; are, by reason of the Narrow-liefs thereof, in some Places, and the Cragginess of the said Mountain, and the Morasses thereupon, in many Parts thereof almost unpalfable for Wheel-carriages, and in other Places so strait, that Two Pack horses cannot pals each other, without much Danger and Difficulty; and that the said Roads cannot be amended and kept in Repair, by the common Method appointed by the Laws now in being, which hath been made use of, but has proved ineffectual: And therefore praying Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for. repairing and widening the -laid Road leading, from the East End of the said Town of

Rochdale,

8 Geo. II. 3° Martii.

m

Rochdale, in the said County of I.ancqfler, to and over the said Mountain, called Blackstone Edge, and from thence to the said Tow ns of Ilah j ax and Em land; and that the same mnv be passed; with such Power*, artd un-iler such Regulations, as flmll fcein most agreeable to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideratio'i of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and rc|K>rt the fame, us it shall appear to them, to the Honk:

And it is referred to Mr. Shattirxnrth, Sir Eduard Stank if, Mr. Boras, Mr. Baan, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Hamhden, Sir Charles Mmlaunt, Mr. Sandy*, Mr. ].vu~ picaile, Mr. IVode house, Lord Pohrarth, I»rd Morpeth, Lord Sod Sower fit, Mr. Harlcv, Sir Francis Child, Mr. If hifrrorth, Sir Joint Rushout, Slv.Grenvide, Mr. Bladen, Lord lx re Braude rk, Sir James Campbell, Lord Gle-tiorchy, Mr. St. John, Mr. Walker, Mr. Turner, Sir 6’to. Beaumont, Mr. Bathvrft. Mr. Dighy, Mr. Rmatey. Sir Richard Corbet, Mr. Gybhon, Mr. // art ley; and all the Memliers that fcrvc for the Comities of 7xmcaster and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the (.’lock, in the Speakers Chamber: And liuvc Power to Lnd for Persons, Papers, and Records.

TflrkCwiJ. A Petition of Eft her C rull, Widow, Tlwvias Mosely,

iwCom. Gilbert dc Fines, Jane Finch, Theodore I laved. Maty Bnyly, Richard Phillips, Philip Piles, Forbes Wtlfon, Grace Holland, Daniel C'abroil, and others, whole Names arc thereunto subscribed, Creditors of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, as also Proprietors of several Parts and Shares of the Stock of the said Company, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; alledging, That the said Governor and Company bavin* "ranted large Annuities fur Lives, chargeable on their Estates, and created fever, il Debts, under their common Seal, and having neglected to pay such Annuities,

and thcrir Debt*. and the Interest thereof, are therein Income dispofirfled of nil their Kft-ites; and although the Governor and Assistants of the said Company well knew, that tie* net Produce of the Company’s Estates was not fiiffici.' it to pay such Annuities, and the Interest of their Debs, vet they did, in the Month of June lair, procure the Content of a General Court, chiefly coin poled of their own Friends and Dependents, whereby they abused their common Seal, by bluing out several Ronds, or Bills penal, amounting to a very large Sum of Money, payable Three Days after the date the: rof, to thrmfrlves, their Friends, and others, in 'Fruit for them, without any other Consulnratinn, than their pr* tending to fell their own Stork, at Fen Pounds per Cent, to the Company, when the same could not be Ibid.at Three Pounds per Cent. in the Market; and that, to take Advantage of those Procee lings, the said Governor and Assistants, with several of their Friends, canfed a Suit to be commenced agiiinl't the said Company, on such Ronds or Rills penal, to the Amount of Thirty thou land Pounds, and upwards, in the Name of one Scarr, a common Trustee for them, who has lately obtained an Adjudication again!! the Company, in Scotland, for that great Sum, with Interest and Colts, with Intent to gain Preference to the just Creditors of the said Company; and, in order to countenance these Proceedings, the said Governor and Assistants have, in like manner, earned to be wrote oft* and taken from many of the Petitioners, and other the Proprietors of Stock of the said Company, again!! their Content, One Moiety of their Stock, without any valuable Consideration for the fame; and have, fmee their Application to the late Parliament, done other unwarrantable Acts; to the great Detriment of the Petitioners, and other Creditors and Proprietors of the said Company; and the Petitioners are remediless in the Premises, without the Aid of this Iloule: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Hill for Redrels of their Grievances, in such manner as by the House shall be thought fit

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-Yo l. 22.

sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Viper, Lord Pohxarth, Mr.

Hume Campbell, Sir fVm. Yonge, Mr. I Finning fan. Sir Roger Rixtd/haigh, Mr. Hampden, ^lr.Clay ton. Sir James Lu^'tlnr, Lord / ere Baht clerk, Mr. Arundel!, Mr.

Samys, Sir John Rushout, Mr. I Villi most, Mr. Marshall,

Mr. Shuttle-north, Mr. Heath cote. Sir Charles Mat'd mint,

Sir Henry Houghton, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. H artley, Sir Geo. Orenden, Mr. Oglethorpe, Sir Thomas Sounder fen,

Mr. Plinner, Mr. Trehy, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir IVm. IVcutxcnrth, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Longticvi/le, Mr. Curzon,

Sir James Grant, Mr. Kinajhn, Sir Charles Wager,

General H ade, Sir Robert Clijton, Mr. Vernon, Mr.

Sihthorpe, Mr. Panda/s, Mr. Forbes, Mr. Drummond,

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Walter, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Whitzrorth, Mr. Brereton, Mr: Lochi ood, Mr. Erefkive,

Mr. Filey, Mr. Sloper, Lord Baltimore, Sir Robert Sutton: And they are to meet th;s Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Under*1 York Build-takers for raising the Thames W ater in York Buildings, in in^s Cum* General Court nftembled, was presented to the House, pttu*‘ and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners have made Propofols to their Creditors, to give them Three-foi>rths of their Stock, Estates, and Effects, in Satisfaction for their Debts; but that the Petitioners, without the Aid of Parliament, cannot make any Agreement with them, they being very numerous, and many of them being Executors or Trustees for Infants: And therefore praying Leave to bring in a Rill for making such Agreement, as a proper My jority of their Creditors shall think reasonable, binding on the rest; and that their Creditors may be obliged to claim their Debts by a time to be limited; or that the lloule will make such other Order in the Premises, fof their Relief, as to the House shall fcein meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Eft her Crull, Widow, Thomas Mosely, Gilbert dc Flincs,

Anne Finch, Theodore Davell, Mary Bayly, Richard Phillips, Philip Dikes, Forbes Wilson, Grace Holland,

Daniel Cabroll, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscril>ed, Creditors of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for railing Thames Whiter in York Buildings, as also Proprietors of several Parts and Shares of the Stock of the said Company, on behalf of themselves, and others, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Lincoln's Houses in Lincolns Inn Fields, in the County of Middle- bin Fields, fax, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners are desirous, and have agreed, to clean and adorn the Ground of the said Fields, now lying in great Dif-order, and are willing to contribute to the Charge thereof; but a sufficient Sum for this Work, and for keeping the said Fields in Repair, after the same shall be lo cleaned and adorned, cannot be raised, without the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Rill to enable the present and future Proprietors and Inhabitants of the said Houses, to make a Rate upon themselves, for raising Money sufficient to clean and adorn the said Fields, and to keep the same in Repair; or that they may be otherwise enabled to eflfeCfc the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-(ideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House*

And it is referred to Sir Francis Child, the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Guidott, Mr. Hoare, Mr. Talbott, Sir John Shelly, Sir. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr,

Scrape,

o

Quartering Soldiers in V«trk City.

Supply.

406 y Martii. A\ 1734.

Scropey Sir Wm, Wentworth, Mr. Archer, Mr. Price, Sir Geo Beaumont, Mr. May, Mr. Leheup, Lord Sidney Beau clerk, Mr. Bacon, Lord AW Somerset, Mr.

Mr. Vyner, Mr. Laroche, Sir Thomas Saunderson, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Yorke, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr* White, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Scawen, Lord Palmer* Sir Lowther, Mr.* John Talbot, Mr. Harley,

Mr. Kinafton, Mr. Winnington, Lord Morpeth, Sir Ed* Hoard Stanley, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Rushout, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Plumer; and all the Members that lerve for the County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Innholders and Alehouse-keepers of the City of York, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and several Hundreds other Citizens of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; complaining, That, fmee the last general Election of Members to serve in Parliament, a great Number of Soldiers have been quartered in the said City, in a partial and unequal manner; and that the Petitioners have been thus marked out, as they apprehend, from a Speech to them, and other Citizens of the said City, made by Edward Thompson, Esquire, one of their Itepresentatives in parliament, on the Twenty-sixth Day of December last; *nd, they are further convinced, by the Threats and undue Influences uied by the late Lord Mayor, and some cither Magistrates of the said City, before and at the said Election, for no other Reason, but giving their Votes for such Representatives in Parliament as, in their own free Judgment, they thought most proper: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and grant such Redress therein as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Month, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

The Journal of the House, of the Thirteenth Day of February 1721, in relation to the Motion made for examining the Witnesses in the Matter of the Charge against Mr. Raron Page, at the Bar of this House, in the most solemn manner, being read;

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to examine, in the most solemn manner, such Persons as they shall think proper to examine, upon the Subject-matter of the said Petition.

The Second ftesolution being read a Second time;

Ordered, That the said Reloiution be re-committed.

A Petition of several Proprietors of Copies of Books, Copy-right whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf as well of Prmte(i of the Authors and Compilers of such Books, as of them- Co°s’ selves, and a great Number of others, concerned in the Manufacture of Printing, was presented to the House, and read; alledging, That the Expence of printing and publishing learned and useful Books, frequently obliges the Authors thereof to transfer their Property therein; and that the Property of the Authors of such Books, and their Assignees, hath, of late Years, been, and still continues to be, injured by surreptitious Editions and 1111-pressions made as well in Great Britain as in foreign Parts, where Paper is purchased at Half the Ikpence that it can be provided for in England; to the Diminution of his Majesty’s Revenue, the Discouragement of thq Art of Printing, and the Trade and Manufacture of this Kingdom: And therefore praying Leave that a Bill may be brought in for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of her late Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

An Act for the Encouragement of Learning, by vesting the Copies of printed Books in the Authors and Purchasfers of such Copies, during the times therein mentioned; and for the better preventing the surreptitious Printing or Importing thereof from foreign Parts; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Winnington, Sir Geo. Beau* mont, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Oglethorpe, Sir James Campbell, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Towitshend, Lord Cornbury,

Mr. Byng, Mr. Praed, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Mr. Bladen,

Mr. Butler, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Alderman Par- 4

Jons, Mr. Willimott, Sir Francis Child, Mr. St. John, Mr.

Wort ley. Dr. Clarke, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Cary, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Digby,

Mr. Talbot, Mr. Ivory Talbot, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Hampden, Lord Tyrconnel, Mr. Fane, Lord Middlesex,

Lord John SackvUle, Colonel Bowles, Mr. Cornwallis,

Sir Thomas Hoby, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Wm, Pitt, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Huxley, Sir John Barnard: And all that come are to have Voices: And the Committee are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Fifty-lix thousand Two hundred and Fifty Pounds be granted to his Majesty, on account of the Subsidy payable to the King of Denmark, pursuant to the Treaty, bearing Date the Nineteenth Day of September One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-four, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred "and Thirty-five.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eighty-one thousand Five hundred Sixty-eight Pounds Five Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying several extraordinary Expences, and Services incurred, by augmenting his Majesty’s Forces, and in concerting such other Measures, as the Exigency of his Majesty s Affairs have required.

The Firit Reioiution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House*

A Petition of Anna Elizabeth Broughton and Jofias Brought Cottin, was presented to the House, and read; letting Nat-forth, That the Petitioners were born out of his Majesty’s Allegiance; but have always professed the Protestant Religion, and given good Testimohy of their Loyalty to his Majesty: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr-. Whitworth, Mr. Laroche, and Mr. Walker, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of Tittenfo the Borough of Congleton, on behalf of themselves, the Roads-Freemen, and other Inhabitants, of the said Borough, and also of all other Persons frequently travelling the common Post Road, not only betw een Talk on the Hill, in the County of Stafford, to the Town of Stone, in the said County, but to London, and all other Places on the said Post Road, was presented to the House, and read; praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing and amending the Highways between the Town or Village of Tittenfor, and 6 the

8 Geo. II*

V

36 — 4"M

T\iw(or

Lalb'i Prli*

Uxi jelpcCi-

104 i Ltuie.

hppty.

Clr.k Af. foUut *

sib.

the most Northern Parts of 7 a Ik on the JUUy in Butt-lane, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Pill be read a Second time; and that the Petitioners, if tlicy think fit, be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Pill.

A Motion being made, mid the Question being put. That the Order of the House, made the Twenty-fifth Day of February last, for reading the said Pill a Second time upon TueJiUty the l ourtli of this irltant March, be diJehtirged;

It passeJ in the Negative.

A Petition of the Bailiffs Justices of Peace, and Ma-pftiaics, of the City of Litchfield, under their common Seal, uud ulfo of the Inhabitants and Citizens of the said City, whole Names are fubfrribed, was presented to the IJoufe, and read; pniying. That the Bill for inlarging the Tcim and Powers grunted by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth War of the Reign of her late Ma-jefiv Queen Arne, for repairing and amending the Highways Ik tween the Town or Village of 711 ten fur, und the most Northern Parts of Talk on the Hill, in Butt-lane, in the County of Stafford, may pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the salt! Petition do lie uj>on the Tabic, until the said Pill be read a Second time.

A Petition, flgnnl Acre T.ujh, John Lath, and Charles Lufh, pruning Relief against the Rcfufid of the Proiolt and Scholars of Ouee/i s ( ullege, in Oxford, to renew a Ixalcof an I'Ttate, in the County of Berks, being offered to be p re fen ted to the House;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the find Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till To-mocrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

40i

and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments of several of them, agreed to by the House.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Mr. Thompson, of York, presented to the House, ac- Property cording to Order, a Bill for the Encouragement of the Hightof Arts of Dcfiguing, Engraving, and Etching, Iliftorical Pwnts> and other Prints, by vesting the Properties thereof in the Inventors or Engravers, during the time therein to be mentioned: And the same was received.

The House being informed, that Mr. Arnold, from Half-pay Of* the Secretary at War s Office, attended at the Door; f^ers, and lie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the idowf* House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, a List of the reduced Officers of his Majesty s Land Forces and Marines intitled to receive Half Pay in Great Britain; with an Eftiuiate of the Charge thereof for the Yeax4 1735-

And he acquainted the House, that he had received his Majesty s Commands to lay before this House, a List of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty a Land Forces and Marines, w ho died upon the Establilli-ment of Halt-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1716; with an Eftiuiate of the Charge thereof for the

Year 173J-

And then he withdrew'.

And the Titles of the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be pc ruled by the Members of the House.

The laid Lifts arc bound up with the other Papers of this Sdlion.

Martis, 40 die Martii;

Cicorgii

11" Reds, 1734.

Jincdn's Inn fields Improvement.

Mi’.nrlffter, &c. Loads.

Anno 8°

P It a v k k s.

MU. Speaker acquainted the House, that Mr.

Aijkexr, the Clerk’s Afliltant, is at present so in-dif|H)fed with the Gout, as not to be able to attend the Clerk, therefore desires, that Mr. John Saylor may be admitted to aiiift him during Mr. Aijkews indisposition.

Ordered, That John Saylor be admitted to allift the Clerk of this House during the present indisposition of Mr. Aijkcxi*.

Ordered, That Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Turner, Sir Charles Mar daunt, Mr. Brarnjlcn, Mr. Bacon, Sir Jaynes Camp-belly Mr. LouguerntCy Mr. Rcxcney, Sir James Grant, Mr. Robert Harley, Mr. Talbot, Sir Robert Abdy, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Houses in Lincoln s-Itm-Fields, in the County of Middlesex, w hole Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Sir Edward Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Roads from the Tow n of Manchester, leading through Newton, Failjworth, and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Aujler-lands, in the Parish of Sadaleworth, in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the Iloulb; and lie read the Report in his Place; VOL. 22.

Ordered, That the Surveyor of the Works of the Greenwich Royal Hospital at Greenwich, do lay before this House a Hospital* Computation, or Eftiuiate, of the Expence that w ill be necessary to complete and finitti the Building of the said iiolpital; and ulfo a Plan of the fame.

A Bill for the Encouragement of the Arts of Designing, Property Engraving, and Etching, Historical and other Prints, by veiling the Properties thereof in the Inventors or En- ’ gravers, during the time therein to be mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Matters, and Workmen, and other Exportation Persons, concerned in the Woollen and Silk Manufactures within the Town of Barnstaple, Devonshire, in behalf of themselves, and all other Persons concerned in the said Manufactures throughout Great Britain, w as presented to the House, and read; complaining of the unlawful Exportation of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland, and of Woollen Goods completely manufactured from Ireland to foreign Countries: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to provide such Remedies, and to give the Petitioners such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to w hom the Petition of the Matters, Workmen, and other Persons, concerned in the Woollen and Silk Manufactures within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough oi Southwark, in behalf of themselves, and all other Persons concerned in the said Manufactures throughout Great Britain, is referred.

A Petition and Representation of the several Bailiffs New Radnor and Burgesses, whose Names are subscribed, on behalf of Ekflioo.

5 K themselves

r

402

4b MartiL' A. 1734*

Ihemselves, And other the Burgesses of the several Boroughs of Knighton, Knuddas, Kevcnllecce, and Ilayader, within the County of Radnor, was presented to the iloufe, und read; letting forth, That the Petitioners, to their great Surprize, arc informed, That a Petition has been delivered to this House, in their Names, which alledges, That no Persons are capable of being Burgesses of the said Borough, but such as are Inhabitants thereof, and are presented by others of the Inhabitants at a Court Leet held for such Boroughs respectively, as lit Persons to be elected, and iworn Burgesses, of the fame; but that great Numbers of Persons, illegally made BurgeUcs, claimed Voices at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Radnor: And representing, That neither they, or any other of the Burgesses of the said Four Boroughs above named* have ligned the said Petition, or authorized any Person lb to do on their behalf; and that they do deny the Allegations thereof: And therefore praying such Relief, in this extraordinary Cafe, as to the House fuall feeni meet.

The Petition, referred to in the said Petition and Re-presentation, as entered to have been presented to the House, the Twenty-fifth of February lait, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition and Representation be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the lloule.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition at the same time they hear the Matter of the Petition of the Bailiff and capital Burgesses of the Borough of New Radnor, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Burgesses of the fakl Borough; and also of the Burgesses of the Boroughs of Rayader, Keventees, Knighton, and Knucklajs, w ithin the County of Radnor.

Revenue ac- Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay cruing from before this House, an Account of what Money has been Scotland. received into the Exchequer in England\ from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Chrijhnas 1731 to Christmas 1734; distinguishing each Head, and each Year.

Debtors Pa- A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the t.tion. Castle and City Gaol of York, in behalf of themselves and Thousands in the several Gaols of this Kingdom, and others who have fled from their native Country for Fear of imprisonment for Life, who are willing to deliver up their whole Effe&sto their Creditors, in Discharge of their jult Debts, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabic.

8t. Giless A Bill forinlarging the Term and Powers granted by Kilbourn an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his Road. late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from St.Giles* Pound to Kilbourn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, and for the better paving Part of the said Road, w as read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Child, Sir IVm.Yonge, Mr. Arfcot, Mr. Dodington, Sir John Heathcote, Sir IVm. Heathcote, Mr. Laroche, Mr. White, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Owen, Mr. Turner, Mr. Walker, Mr. Byng, Mr. Brereton, Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Handafyde, Lord Vere Beauclerk, Lord Pahncrston, Mr. Eylcs, Mr. Ducket, Mr. Earle, Mr. Gore, Mr. Afore, Mr. Treby, Mr. Praed, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Oglethorpe, Sir Hen. Hoghton, Mr. Fox, Mr. Pturner, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Hucks, Mr. IVm. Pitt, Mr. Pitt, Sir John Barnard, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Hales, Mr. Bladon, Mr. Levcfon Goxter, Mr. Edward Harley, Mr Robert Harley, Sir Charles At or daunt, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Price, Mr. Yorke, Sir James Campbel/> Mr. Longueville, Mr. Rowney, Sir James Grant, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Balk, Lord Polwarth, Mr. Williams, Mr. Murray, Sir IVm. Carexc, Mr. Arundel!, Mr.

Wodehouse, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Gy bleu, Sir OfJ. Bridgman, Mr. IVillinwit, Mr. haven, Mr. Win. Plumt , Mi.

Richard Plamer, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Anjlcine, S r John Shelley; and all the Members that lerve for the Counties of Middlesex and Hertford: And they are to meet tins Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Mr. Chohnky Turner presented to the House, according York Re. to Order, a Bill for the public!; Registring of ail Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances, that shall be et *01 made of, or that may alfi-fr, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the North Riding of the County of York: And the same w as received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act bprd, to enable/(;///? Child Esquire, commonly called Lord Cajilc- I"iUU main, and the Heirs of his Body, and inch other Persons; w ho, by virtue of a Settlement made by Frederick Tylney Esquire, deceased, shall be in Possession of the Estates therein limited, to take and ule the Surname of Tylney; w as read a Second time.

Rcfvlved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Arfcot,

Sir IVm. Yonge, Lord John Sackville, Mr. Treby, Mr. Whitmore, Sir John Molesworth, Sir Orl. Bridgman, Sir John Chichester, Mr. Lehcup, Mr. Denis, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Turner, Mr. Win. Pitt, Lord Baltimore, M\\Gybbon, SiY James Campbell, Nr. WiUimottfNr. Baker,

Mr Fox, Mr. Copleston, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Byng, Mr.

Lindefay, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Noel, Mr. Longueville, Ml*.

Selzvyn, Mr. Trefufis, Mr. Courtney, Mr. Fortefcuc, Sir Richard Corbel, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Pill, Mr. Grenville,

Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Yorke, Sir James Grant, Sir Charles Afordaunt, Mr. Hume Campbell, Six Robert Long,

Sir Francis Boynton, Lord Pol-worth, Mr. Gore, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Shuttkworth; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Norf olk, Surrey, Middlejix, Northampton, and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read;

A Bill for inlarging the Term and Powers granted by Tittenfor an Acfc of Parliament passed in the Twelfth Year of the Hoads. Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing and amending the Highways between the Town or Village of Tittcnfor, and the most Northern Parts of Talk on the Hill, in Butt-lane, in the County of Stafford, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Levcfon Gower, Mr. Lawton, Sir Walter Bagott, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Jeffreys, Mr. Treby, Sir John Rushout, Lord John Sackville, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Earle,

Air, Gybbon, Mr. Bowles, Sir Robert Long, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Aiflabie, Lord Glcnorchy, Mr. Hucks, Mr.

Bladen, Mr. Horfmonden Turner, Captain Purvis, Mr.

Fitzroy, Lord Morpeth, Sir John Heatheotc, Mr. Conyers,

Sir Hen. Gough, Lord Polwarth, Mr. Hume Campbell,

Mr. Compton, Mr. Fox, Mr. Fydcll, Mr. Vernon, Mr.

Dundafi, Sir IVm. Jolliffe, Mr. Williams, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Bacon, Sir James Grant, Mr. Ilamy,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Price, Mr. Boone,

Mr. Grenville, Mr. Vane, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Knight, Sir IVm. Lowther, Mr. Wodehouse, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr.

Tnfufs, Mr. JBay ley, Mr. Stcphenfon, Mr. Chester, Sir Adol. Oughton, Mr. Sibthorpe; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Stafford, Chester, Lancaster, i

and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

VTL'iby Har-Uiur.

Mrsining tb« Somber «i PLuy-LwuCrt.

VTmir.4

Vko.

IVniftiing Mutiny and iMertion.

Indemnifying Omtl-lions to lien Declarations.

8 Geo. It. 5b — 6°

Mere uni, 50 Mart it \

Anno S* Gcuvgii IP* IU-gis, 1734.

P R A Y Y K $.

Mil. Cho!)nicy Turner presented to the Iloufe. according to Order, u Pill for lengthening the West Pier of the Hat hour ot //hit by, in the (’minty of York, uiul for improving the J'.ii-I Harbour: And the same was received; and read the 1 irlt time.

Rcftdvcd, That tlte Pill be read a Second time.

Ordered, "Sc mine amt rath cade, That I /rave l>c given to bring in a Bill or Bills for rciiraining the Number of House') for pluying of Interludes, and for the better regulating common Players of Intel hides: And that Sir John Barnard, the Matter of the Hulls, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Thomas XianJerJon, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Pultcncy, Sir E(tutird Stanley, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Er/kine, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and the Lord Gage, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The Order of the Day, for the House to rel’olvc itself into a Committee of the whole Iluufe, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the Surpluses hated at Lucy-dtiy 1734t be referred to thv laid Committee.

OrderedJlhdX the Surplulli ltated at Michaelmas 1734, to referred to the said Committee.

Then the House refolded itLlf into the said Committee.

Mr. Spiral.cr left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turm / reported from the Committee, That they had made n Pi ogr< U therein; and that he was directed by the Coumiittec to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Re juiced, T liat this Iloule will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Iloule, to consider further of Ways and Means for railing

w

the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the Iloufe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine oi the Clock.

Jovis, 6° d;

Anno S° Georgii II^ IL-gis, 1734.

Pray k u s.

QllDERED, That the Lord Palmerftcn

An ingross.d Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion. and for the be tter Payment of the Army, and their Quarters, w as read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; riz.

Profs Line *

Aud the said Amendment4? were, upon the Question Icverally put thereupon, agre ed to by the House: And the Bill was amended nt the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Dill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for pumilling Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters*

Ordered, That Mr. Andrews do carry the Dill to the Lords, and ddirc their Concurrence.

A Mefluge from the Lords, by Mr. lloljord and Mr.

Eldc:

Mr. Speaker.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to make and subscribc

Vol. 23.

t’ e Declarations contained in the Act of Uniformity, of the 13th and 14th Years of King Charles the Second, within the time limited by Law-; and for allowing further Time for doing thereof: To which the Lords’ddirc . the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

-Vr. I Edges present*;d to tho House, according to Or- Toilers der, a Dill to enable // Alia/: Toller, now called IVdllam Ssmt. Toller Treffry, Gentleman, and his IHiie Male, to take and use the Surname of Trcjjry only, pursuant to the Deed of Settlement oi John Trefj'ry Llquire, deceased:

And the same was leaned.

Sir Thomas Aflov. presented to the Iloufe, according to St. AlWs Order, a Bill for inlarging the Term granted by an Act, Roads, passed in the 1 lift Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Firlr, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highway* through the several Parishes of St. Michael,

St. Alban, St. Peter, Shadey Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertf ord and Middlefe.v; ami for continuing the Powers granted by the said Act, and also by an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his laid late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Hoad leading from the Black Bull in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Wav turning out of the said Road, up to Shatjurd-house, in the County of Hertford: And the same was received.

A Bill to enable 111 I Ham Toller, now called William Toller’s Toiler Trefj'ry, Gentleman, and his Iffuc Male, to take Name, and ule the Surname of Ireffry only, pursuant to the Deed of Settlement oijohn Trcjjry Esquire, deceased, was read tiic Lilli time.

lu/bleed, That tiic Dill be read a Second time.

A Kill fur inlarging the Term granted by an Act, St. Alban? passed in the Iirft Year of the Reign of his late Majesty ^oails* King (I cage the Lint, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways through the severalPariflios of St. Michael,

St. A Hum. St. Peter, Sin-nicy Ridge, and South Minis, in the Comities of Hertford and Middieji'.v, and for continuing the Powers granted by the said Act; and allbbv an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his laid late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from tiic Black Bull in Dunflabtc, in the County of Bedford, in the W av turning out of the said Road up to Shaf/brd-house, in the County of Hertf ord, was read the First time.

Jle/btvtd, That the Dili be read a Second time.

A Petition of the poor inihlvent Debtors in the Poultry Debton Compter, London, in behalf of themselves, and others in Pttiuuns, the several Prisons of this Kingdom; and also,

A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors in his Ma-j city'sCable, or Gaol, for the County of Gloucester, in behalf of themselves, and Thousands others confined for Debt in the several Gaols of this Kingdom; and also,

A Petition of upwards of Two hundred Citizens and Tradesmenof London confined in Ludgate for Debt, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands more in the several Gaols of this Kingdom, and also for those who are lied abroad;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The House being informed, (hat the Surveyor of the Greenwich Works of the Royal llospital at Greenwich attended at Hospital. the Door;

lie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, a Computation, or Estimate, of the Expence that will be necessary to complete and finilli the Building of the Royal Hospital of Green-6 wich;

4<H 6* — f Mar tit. 1734.

to/cA 5 attd also a Plan of the Royal Hospital of Green* tvich.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Computation or Estimate, and Plan, were read.

The laid Computation, or Estimate, is as follows; viz.

By Order of the Honourable House of Commons, a Computation, or Estimate, of the Expence that will be necessary to complete and finish the Building of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich.

Fitting up an Apartment for the Cover- nor, in that Part called King Charles's £ s. d. Building ----- 1,500 — v —

Finishing King Williams Court - - 340-----

Finishing Queen Anne's Court - - 6,000-----

Finishing Queen Maty s Court, answerable to that of King William's, which able and experienced Workmen offer

to build for - -62,829-----

Fitting up the Chapel in Queen Mary's Court with Galleries, Pulpit, Reading Deik, and Seats and Apartments of some Officers - 2,750 16 —

Necessary out Buildings with Sewers and

Sluices ----- 2,670-----

Digging and carrying away Earth, - 640-----

Fence, Wall, and Gates, to make the

- 3,000 — —

7,5-----

80,444 16 —

Ordered, That the said Computation or Estimate, and Plan, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Plan is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Hospital intire Paving -

February the 6th 1734.

Tho. Ripley.

of Uniformity, of the 13th and 14th Years of Kng Charles the Second, within the time limited by Law, ai d for allowing further time for doing thereof, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt, in his Majesty's fetors Pe* Gaol at Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; 1 complaining of their Distress: and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr., Whitworth presented to the House, according to Broughton's Order, a Bill for naturalizing Anna Elizabeth Broughton, &c*

and Jojias Cot tin: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Roads from the Manchester, Town of Manchester, leading through Newton, Failf &c* *louds-worth, and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Aujlerlands, in the Parish of Saddlcworth, in the County of York, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 16. L. 32. After " Authority" insert " aforesaid."

The said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Manchester, leading through Newton, Failsworth, and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Ausler-lands, in the Parish of Saddlcworth, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, J° die Martii;

Anno 8* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1734.

Pray ers.

Indemnifying Omifllons to sign Declarations.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, an Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to make and subscribe the Declarations contained in the AQr

The House being informed, that Mr. Chocke, from Revenue ac-the Exchequer, attended at the Door; cniill£froui

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Scotland* House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Money has been received into the Exchequer in England, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Christmas 1731 to Christmas 1734; distinguilliing each Head, and each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

To

To the honourable the Knights,. Citizens, and Burgefifes, in Parliament assembled;.

Ak ACCOUNT of what Money has be&i> received into the Exchequer in England, from that Part of Great called Scotland\ from Christmas 1731 to Christmas 1734

distinguishing each Head, and each Year,

YEARS. Wrought Plate. Ann* 17®0. Land Tax. Anno 1728. Land Tax. Anno 1729. Land Tax. Anno 1730. Malt Anno 1730. Laud Tax. _Anno 1731.. Malt. Anno 1731. Land Tax. Anno 1732. Malt. Anno 1732. Land Tax. Anno 1733* Malt. Anno 1733. TOTALS of each Year.

From Christmas 1731 to Christmas £. >. d. £. d. £. s. d. £. ». d. £. t. d. £ s. d. £; S. d. £. s. d. £. d. £ s. d. & >. d. £< s. d.

*732 3.54* 1 5 531 10 10J 2,441 10 101 6,000 14,000 13*000 9,000 500 —

From Christmas 1732 to Christmas 1733 - m m m *.856 — 7 5*900 11,000 6,100 5,000 — — 500 *- ... 31,356 — T-

From Christmas 1733 to Christjnas >734 3*500 — f- 15,000 4,800 — 5,000 — — 3*. 146 — 7

Total of Three Years - £. 3.54* 5 531 10 10I 2,441 10 io| 8.856 — 7 14,000 22,746 — 7 20,000 10,100 — — 20,000 5*3°° 5,000 112,517 4 4

7th of March 1734.

Alexander Chock^v

D

cq'

N

CD

CL

o

Geo. it

7° — 10° Martii. 1734.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

CrieUlade Ordereds That the Voters for Members to serve in

Election* parliament for the Borough of Crtcklade, in the County of Wilts, whose Petition, in behalf of themselves, and several other legal Voters for the said Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, was presented to the House upon the Twenty-eighth Day of January last, be at Liberty to withdraw their said Petition.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petition.

Duke of Mr. Thompson of York reported from the Committee, Rutland* to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, ns Namt. for enabjing the Two younger Sons of John Duke of Rutland, by Bridget late Duchess of Rutland, and their respective Children, Progeny, and Issue, to take and use the Surname of Sutton, pursuant to the Will of Robert Lord Lexington, deceased, and in such manner as is therein mentioned, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Thompson of York do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Exportation A Petition of the Masters, "Workmen, and other of Wool. Persons, concerned in the Woollen Manufactures, in the Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, in behalf of themselves, and all other Persons concerned in the said Manufactures throughout Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the unlawful Exportation of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland, and of Woollen Goods completely manufactured from Ireland into foreign Countries; and setting forth, That, as the Petitioners conceive, the Incorporation of the Woollen Trade would be of great Advantage to this Nation in general: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to provide such Remedies, and to give such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Masters, Workmen, and other Persons, concerned in the Woollen and Silk Manufactures, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, in behalf of themselves, and all other Persons concerned in the said Manufactures throughout Great Britain, is referred.

Quartering Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Soldiers in of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Inn-WkCity. holders anf| Alehouse-keepers of the City of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and several Hundreds other Citizens of the said City, is referred. That they do admit Counsel to be heard for and against the said Petition, if the Parties concerned therein think fit.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, be restrained from offering Evidence touching the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for any City, Borough, or Place, contrary to the last Determination in the House of Commons; which Determination, b v an Act, paised in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, is made final, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Usage to the contrary notwithstanding;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the same be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, w hen the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lutice, io°;

Anno 8° Georgii II41 Regis, 1734.

Pra vers.

ANNA Elizabeth Broughton, and Jofias Cottin, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Places were kept in the House for Members who were not at Prayers, by laying Papers for that Purpose;

Declared, That no Member is to keep any Place in the House, by Book, Glove, Paper, or otherwise, «till after Prayers, and then only for himself.

Inadrmflibi- The House being moved. That the Clause of an Act, lity of made in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, Evidence intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing declared °te* Bribery and Corruption in the Elections of Members legal by the to serve iu Parliament, which relates to the last Deter-House. mination in the House of Commons, concerning Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, might be read;

The fame, with the Clause relating to the Oath to be taken by Returning Officers, was read accordingly:

Ordered, That Charles Wyndham Esquire be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Dunhe-vid, alias Launcc/ton, in the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petition.

The Orders of the-House, made the 27th Day of January last, concerning Strangers being in the House, or Gallery thereof, wefre r^act:

And

Supply.

\Vayi and Mean*.

Committee

of

Privileges,

Keeping

Place* be fort Prayer*,

Launceftoq

Electtou.

Orders

respectii»(

Strangerj

8 Geo. II. io8 Martii. 407

Anri the Serjeant at Arm* attending this House was ordered to do his Duty in the Execution thereof.

Indemnify- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act t^fnj °M *° inflemnify l^rfons who hare omitted to make and Drdiration*. subscribe the Declarations contained in the Act of Uniformity, of the 13th and 14th Years of King Charles the Second, within the time limited by Law, and for allowing farther Time for doing thereof, was read a Second time.

Refilled, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Town/-hend, Mr. Sandy s, S\r Reheard Stanley, Lord Barrimore, Mr. York, Mr. Scrape, Mr. Fox, Mr. Digby, Sir Charles Turner, Lord Vere Brauderk, Mr. Archer, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Er/kine, Mr. Bradjhaic, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Delme, Mr. llume Campbell, Mr. Scluyn, Sir James Campbell, Lord John Sackville, Mr. Clayton, Mr. White, Mr. Huxley, Lord Gage, Mr. I I anbury Williams, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Whituvr/h, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Foley, Mr. Stuart, Sir John Rushout, Lord Charles Cavendish, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Plump/re, Mr. Smelt, Lord poizearth, Mr. Ilucks, Sir Edmund Bacon, Dr. Lee, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Harley, Mr. Gybhnn, Mr. Goddard, Sir Hum. Honour, Mr. Franklin, Mr. Bacon, Sir James Grant, Sir John Healhmte, Mr. Gore, Mr. Shuttle-zrorth, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Harvey: And they are to meet his Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Rrc ftrvof for publick Registering of all Deed*. Con-

Dttds, fcc. veyances, Wills, ami other Incumbrances, that llndl be made of or that inny aflTcft, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditanv nts, within the North Riding of the County of York, was rear! a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bnl be committixl to Mr. Cholm-ley Turner, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Fox, Sir James Co"'-rbi.it, Mr iVarke9, Sir Thomas Lea ther, Mr* Ord, Mr. Rubin bn. Sir Thomas Saundrrfin, Colonel Hozrnrd, Mr. Hnhcorth, Mr. Corbet, Mr. 7hompfin. Lord Morpeth, Mr. Longneville, Mr. Walker, Mr. Sfx-n-<rr, Mr. Shutttexcvrth, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Iehcup, Mr. (lav tun. M r. Gregory, M- SnuP% Mr. Plum’ ire, Mr. Papillon. Mr. H ly. Mr. Philips, Mr. CluUerbiu' Mr. Shafto, Mr. Rra’i‘iau\ Sir Ilum. Hoicarth, Lord 7V-conn. /, Mr Scheyn. Si. j:f. Pennington, Mr. Myrr, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Lazcton, Mr. H artley, Mr. Rrere an, Mr. Ogletho"p, Mr. Dighy, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Finch, Mr. Earle, Mr. Eyles, Sir. Parsons, Mr. Wilfbn, Sir James Grant, Lord Sidney lieauclerk, Lord Pohcar/h, Mr. Walter Ptumer, Mr. Richard Plumer, Mr. Lijler, Mr. Delme, Sir Charles Mor daunt. Sir Geo. Cafzcall, Sir Xicholas Wiliams, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Heathcote, Dr. Lee, Mr. Hampden, Sir Jujtinian I/ham, Mr. Gurt, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Talbot, Mr. 1 hompfin of Scarborough, Mr. Charles Stanhope, Sir Francis Boynton; and all the Members that serve for the County of York: Ami they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

>lonvof A Petition of the Trustees for establishing the Colony eor^ia* of Georgia, in America, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, being informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to their Consideration.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners, by the Atliftance of this House, in the last Parliament, in 1733, together with the Contributions of well-disposed Persons, have been enabled to proceed so far in the Execution of the Trust reposed in them, that, at Lady-day 1734, there were settled, in the Province of Georgia, above One Thou-fond Persons, who, until the Ground is cleared, and produces a Crop, must necessarily, for the greatest Part, be subsisted at the Expence of the Trull: That the principal Town, named Savannah, is already built, consisting of a great Number of Houses, and daily increasing and a County laid out, of the same Name, ia Vol. 22.

which several Villages and Settlements are begun; and Forts already built upon the principal Passes, for the Defence of the Whole: That* lor the maintaining of good Government in the Colony, proper Courts of Judicature have been erected, and Civil Magistrates appointed; and that, for the Conveniency of Ships frequenting that Coast, a Beacon is begun, and near finished, upon the Point of Tybee Istand, lying at the Mouth of the River Savannah; and alleging, That the Soil and Climate of Georgia are proper for producing Wine, Oil, Silk, and other valuable Commodities, which at present are purchased from Foreigners with ready Money; and representing to the House the Importance of the Situation Of this Province; and expressing their Hope, That, the Premises considered, the House will enable them to carry on the good Work so happily begun, on which so greatly depend the increase of the Trade of this Kingdom, the Security of our Colonies on the Continent of America, the providing a comfortable lletreat for persecuted, and other indigent, industrious, foreign Protestants, as well as many of our own unfortunate Countrymen, who cannot fuhfift at home: And therefore praying the House to give the Petitioners stich Afliftauce in the Premises as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee’of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That an Account of the Monies received, applied, and expended, by the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia, in America, from the 9th Day of June 1732 to the gth Day of September 1734, laid before this House.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s 'Fable: Where the same were read; ami are as folio wet h; viz.

Rejoiced) That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of One Million, out of such Monies as have arisen, or shall or may arise, lor the Surpluses, Excesses, or overplus Monies, commonly called the Sinking Fund.

Refilved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the several Duties on Salt, and also on red and white Herrings delivered ouf for Home Consumption, wdiich, by an Act of the Seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, tvere continued, and granted to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, until the 25th Day of March 1742, be further continued, from the 24th Day of March 1741, to the 25th Day of March 1746.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Dodington, Sir George Oxcnden, Mr. Clayton, Sir Win. Yonge, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Scrape, and Mr. Edward Walpole, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resumed the further Consideration of the Question, proposed upon Friday last. That the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, be restrained from offering Evidence touching the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for any City, Borough, or Place, contrary to the lall Determination in the Houseof Commons; which Determination, by an Act, passed in the Second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing BriberyandCorruption

Wnvs and Mean*.

Inadmiffibi-lity of Evidence a gain ft Votes declared legal by the House.

408 id0 — n

in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, is taade final, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; aay Usage to the contrary notwithstanding:

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Questioir, by leaving out the Words " Right of Electioti of," and inserting the Words " Legality of " Votes for,'* instead thereof:

And the Question being put, That the Words "Right a of Election of" (land Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Legality of Votes for" be inserted, instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting after the Word " any," these Words " County* Shire

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

It Was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting after the Word " Borough," the Word " Cinque Port

And the Question being put, That that Word be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the Couufel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, be restrained from ofiering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination in the House Commons; which Determination, by an Act, passed in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, is made final, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and

Privileges. Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 11° die Martii;

Anno 8' Georgii IIdl Regis, 1734.

Prayers.

Expiring r\RDERED, That Mr. Walpole, Mr. Oglethorpe, Laws. yj c0|onej Bladen, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Wilmington, Sir John Rnjhouf, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Scrape, Mr. Clutter-bitch, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Earle, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Gybboi7, Mr. More, Sir James Grant, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Pa pi lion, he added to the Committee appointed to inspect what Laws are expired, or near expiring.

Broughton’s, A Bill for naturalizing Anna Elizabeth Broughton, Nat. and Jo ft as Coffin, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Holland, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Flumptre, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Earle, Mr. Rifle, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Fane, Sir John Rushout, Lord Baltimore. Mr. Pa-pilton, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Bladen, Mr. Kent, Mr. Haddock, Mr. Laroche, Sir Geo. Cajwall, Mr. Turnery Mr. ThompfoVyWv. Yorke, Mr. Bowles, Sir James Grant, Sir Thomas A//on, Mr. Clayton, Lord Vere Beau clerk. Sir Geo. () render. Sir Wm. Gage, Lord Charles Cavenal fh, Sir Edmund Bacon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Live of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Supply Bill; Sir Charles Turner presented to the House, accord-^Fuu'd5 to ^rfler’ a *or enabling his Majesty to apply uu w the Sum of One Million, out of the Sinking Fund, for

0 Martii. 734.

the Service of the Year 1735: And the same was re ceived; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Owners, Tenants, and Occupiers, Marlborough of Lands, in the Parities of Monckton, Overtoil, Fei- 0 field, and Prcjhutt, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; praying, That they may be heard against the Bill, depending in this House, for repairing the Roads from Si. Peter's Church, in Marlborough, to Sheppard's Shord, in the Parish of Bishops Cannings, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Wilts; and that this House will give them such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Ta-' ble until the said Bill be read a Second time; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Mr. Levifon Gower reported from the Committee, Tittehfor to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Ruadi. granted by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing and amending the Highways between the Town or Village of TittenJor, and the most Northern Parts of Talk on the Hill, in Butt-lane, in the County of Stafford, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had di-rested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill* with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest, with Amendments of some of them, were agreed to by the House.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Justices of the Peace, Marlborough principal Inhabitant*, Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Kouds, in the Parishes of Allcannings, Stanton Bernard, Alton,

Pew fey, Milton, Devizes, Ogboni St. George, and Og-born St. Andrew, on the behalf of themselves, and many others in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; praying, That they may be heard against the Bill, depending in this House, for repairing the Roads from St. Peter's Church, in Marlborough, to Sheppard's Shord, in the Parish of Bishops Cannings, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Wills ', and that the House will give them such other Relief aa to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Protestan* indemnity Protestant Purchasers of Estates of Papists, Pure Infers against the Penalties or Forfeitures Papists are liable to j*^)*, for not registering their Estates, or for not having in- 11 rolled the fame, in pursuance of the Acts of the First and Third Years of Ring George the First for that Purpose: And that Mr. Sandy Sy and Sir Thomas Litlelton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, that Mr. Verclft, Ac- Colony of comptant to the Trustees for eitabl idling the Colony of Georgia. Georgia, in America, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Monies received, applied, and expended, by the Trustees for establishing the Colony of'Georgia, in America, from the 9th Day of June 1732 to the 9U1 Day of September 1734.

’ Aud then he withdrew.

And

8 Geo. II. u " — 12° Martii.

409

►And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read;

Well* The House proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter Election, of the Petition of William Piers Esquire and George Speke Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City and Borough of Wells, in the County of Somerset.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in:

And the said Petition was read:

And the Order of the House, made Yesterday, for rettraining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port or Place, contrary to the last Determination in the House of Commons, wa9 also read:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard:

And the last Determination of the House, made the Eighteenth Day of April 1729, concerning the Right of Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City of Wells, which is thereby resolved to be in the Mayor, Masters, Burgesses, and Freemen of the said City, who are admitted to their Freedom, in any of the Seven Companies within the said City, being the reunto entitled by Birth, Servitude, or Marriage, was read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having produced a Copy of the Poll taken at the said Election, and having, in order to disqualify several Persons who voted for the Sitting Members, delivered in several Lifts, containing the Names of such Persons, examined several Witnesses, in order to prove, that the Mayor was guilty of Partiality, in favour of the Sitting Members; and did examine many of the Electors, upon Oath, concerning their Right of Voting; and examined Witnesses, also upon Oath, in Contradiction to the Oaths of several Electors; and refused to admit the Votes of several Electors, who refused to take the Oath required.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioners offered to produce Evidence, in order to disqualify the Persons named in One of the said Lifts, upon account of their not being legaJL Burgesses of the said City.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Members having objected to the said Evidence being produced;

The Resolution of the House, made the Eighteenth Day of February, in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, concerning the Right of electing Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, was read.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioners proceeded to examine several Witnesses, concerning the Usage of the said City, in respect to the Admission of Burgesses and Freemen, and their respective Rights:

And the Resolution of the House, made the 30th Day of May 1716, concerning the By-law made by the governing Part of the Corporation of the said City, in 1712, was read.

Then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Counsel for the Sitting Members be directed to proceed in their Objection to the Counsel for the Petitioners producing the Evidence offered by them, to disqualify several Persons who voted for the Sitting Members, upon account of their not being legal Burgesses of the City of Wells;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative,

Vol. 22-

The Counsel on both Sides, were again called in:

And Mr. Speaker, acquainted them with the said Resolution.

Then the Counsel for the Sitting Members proceeded in their Objection:

And the several Resolutions of the House, made the Thirtieth Day of May 1716, and the Day of May 1723, concerning the Right of Election of Citizens, to serve in Parliament for the said City, were read:

And the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the said City, and the Resolutions of the Committee, and of the House, thereupon, made the Eighteenth Day of Apeil 1729, were also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, in Answer to the said Objection.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Members were heard, by way of Reply.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw. '

And Part of the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, made the Eleventh Day of April 1717, touching the Election for the said City, in relation to the Evidence of Richard Thomas, was read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That the Counsel for the Petitioners be restrained from giving Evidence, That it is a necessary Qualification of a Burgess of the City of Wells, that such Person, previous to his being made a Burgess, was a Freemen of the said City; admitted to his Freedom in One of the Seven Companies within the said City; entitled to such Freedom by Birth, Servitude, or Marriage;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas *Sir John Klnd Cotton> I 12r lellers for the i eas, ^Mr cholrrwndeley: J 5'

Tellers for the Noes, ,la-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Counselon both Sides were again called in:

And Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.:

And then they were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Oglethorpe have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Nine of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That ail humble Addfefe be presented to his Province Majesty, That he will be grafciously pleased to give s°uth Directions, That a Copy of the Memoritti and Represen- ar0 ‘"a' tation of the State and Condition of his Majesty’s Province of South Carolina, in America, from the Governor, Council, and Assembly, of the said Province, dated April the 9th, 1734, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to Iris Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercufii, 12° die Martii;

Anno 8® Georgii IP* Regis, 1734.

Prayers.

MR. Shuttleworth reported from the Committee, to Indemnffy-whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, *r,£ 0mjf-An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to Declara^ make and.subscribe the Declarations contained in the tions.

Act of Uniformity, of the 13th and 14th Years of King Charles the Second, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for doing thereof; was committed; That the Committee had gone through the.

5 M Bill;

410

t2° Ma

j. 1734.

Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Shuttlexoorth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment

Lord Mr. Arfcot reported from the Committee, to whom ^Name"'8 *n2ro^ec* from Lords, intituled, An Act to ne' enable John Child Esquire, commonly called Lord Castle-maine, and the Heirs of his Body, and such other Persons who, by virtue of a Settlement made by Frederick Tylney Esquire, deceased, shall be in Possession of the Estates therein limited, to take and use the Surname of Tylney, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be H ue; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. '

Ordered, That Mr. Arfcot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment,

Answer Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, that their Ad" to Addrefe, (jrefs Qf Yesterday, That his Majesty would be graciously pleated to give Directions, That a Copy of the Memorial and Representation of the State and Condition of his Majesty’s Province of South Carolina, in America, from the Governor, Council, and Assembly, of the said Province; dated April the 9th 1734, might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Kewcastle Mr. Blackett reported from the Committee, to whom upon Tyne the Petition of the Mayor, and the rest of the Common trects, c, counci[ of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in the County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame,

’ as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee haye, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

Apd, to prove what is alleged therein, the following Witness was examined; viz.

Matthew Ridley Esquire, One of the Aldermen of the said Town: Who said, That, by reason of the Darkness of the Streets, the small Number of Watchmen, and several Strangers resorting thither, from Scotland, and other Parts, Robberies, Burglaries, and other Outrages, are frequently committed in the said Town: That, in the Year before the last, Two Men were executed, for committing Robberies in the said Town; That Mr. Joseph Ledgar, Mr. Robert Dougless, and several other substantial Inhabitants, refused to pay to the Watch, according to the Custom of the said Town, the Magistrates not having Power to compel them to pay: And that the Enlightening of the Streets in the said Town, and a strong and regular Watch, would tend to the Prevention of such Robberies, Burglaries, and Outrages, for the future.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlightening the Streets, and keeping a strong and regular Watch, within the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne: And that Mr. Blackett and Mr. Fenwick do prepare, and bring in, the fame

St. Leonard, Sir Francis Child reported from the Committee, to Shoreditch whom the Petition of the Reyerend John Denne, Doctor Church. jQ Divinity, Vicar, Thomas Corderoy and Thomas Taylor,

Churchwardens, and also of the Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Leonard, in Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition: and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table £ Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the 28th of February last, examined the Matter of the ' Petition to them referred:

And, to prove what is alleged therein, the following Witnesses were called; viz.

Mr. Henry Flitcroft and Mr. John Cordwell, Surveyors: Who, being Severally examined, said, That they surveyed the said Church the 18th of September last; and that, upon making such Survey, they found the said Church to be a very ancient Fabrick: That the Walls thereof being first built with very ordinary Materials, are in a great Measure perished and decayed; and that the Settlements of the Pillars, which sustain the Arches, divide the Ides, and support the Roof, are extremely dangerous, and cannot be repaired:

That the Floor of the said Church being Eight Feet below the Pavement of the Street, and the Roofs and Ceilings thereof being very low, the said Church is very dark, damp, unwholesome, and unfit for divine Service:

And, upon the Whole, it appeared to the Committee,

That the said Church is in a very ruinous and decayed Condition; and that there is a Necessity for rebuilding the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Leonard, in Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex: And that Sir Francis Child, Mr. Pulteney, and Mr. Hawkins, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined fqr Debt in his Debt"* MajestyVGaol, the Castle of Lancaster, was presented to reUtlon' the House, and read; complaining of their Distress, and of the Defeat of the Act for Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons: And therefore praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and principal In- Marlborough, habitants, of the Borough and Town of Marlborough, in Roadi. the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; praying. That they may be heard against the Bill, depending in this House, for repairing the Roads frotn St. Peter's Church in Marlborough, to Sheppard's Shord, in the Parish of Bishop's Cannings, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Wilts', and that the , House will give them such other Relief, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

A Bill for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, St. Albao1 passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Roadi‘ King Geoi'ge the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways through the several Parishes of St. Michael,

St. Alban, St. Peter, Shenly Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex; and for continuing the Powers granted by the said Act, and also by an Act made in the Ninth Year of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the lload leading from the Black Bull in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shafford-houft, in the County of Hertford; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thoms Aston, Sir Justinian Isham, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir Edward Stanley, Doctor Lee, Mr. Wodehouse,

Mr. Bramston, Mr. Smith, Mr. Chasm, Sir John Rushout,

Mr.

8 Geo. II. 11 M.411

Mr. Fan :ck* Mr. Par jot is, Mr. AijLbie, Sir Thomas Sebright* Sir Francis Child, Lord Sul. Beauclcik* Mr. Grenville, Mr. Eduard*, Mr. Edgeumhe, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Plainer, Colonel Onjbrx, Mr. Richard Pluimr, Mr. Tlunnpjon, Sir 11m. Stanhope, Mr. Lijle, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Holland, Colonel Bladen, Colonel Stuart* Mr./Fillimot, Sir Charles Murdaunt, Mr. Fane, Mr. HarUy, Mr. Digby, Sir John Shelly, Mr. Eduards, Mr. Hamilton; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Hertford, Middlesex, and Northampton: Anti they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

folios A Pill to enable I Ft Hi am Toller, now called Hu I Ham Kin*. Toller Tre/fry, Gentleman, and his Ifluc Male, to take and use the Surname of Trcfjry only, pursuant to the Deed of Settlement of John Tnjf'/y Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Rcfolrcdy'l hdl the Pill be committed to Mr. Edgeumbe, Mr. Trcby, Mr. 7hompfon, Nr. Hedges, Mr. Rajhleigh, Mr. Fane* Sir Geo. Oxenden, Colonel (Jnjlow, Mr. J/mguevilte, Sir James Campbell, Sir Thomas Aston* Mr. IVAr, Mr. Er/line* Mr. Slant ague. Sir IFm. Cattle, Mr. Par font, Mr. Clayton, Sir Thomas Lyttelton, Mr. Blachet, Mr. Truer, Mr. Bacon* Mr. Gregory, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir John Shelley, Sir Charles Mordiunt, Mr. Earle, Ixnd Tyryonnel, Mr. Stkeyn, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Evans, Sir Henry Hugh ton, Mr. Gybbun, Mr. lion', Mr. IFodchou/i, Sir Francis Child* I xml Sid. Beau clerk, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Ixjckwood, Mr. JFoollaston, Mr. Trenchant, Sir Roger Brad/haigh, Mr. Homier, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Holland, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Oglethorpe, Sir Edmund Bacon; and all the Members Umt serve for the Counties of Cornwall and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Koehtlilf, Mr. Shuttlcirorth reported from the Committee, to fads. w^om the Petition of the principal Gentlemen, Owners, and Occupiers of J^amb, Merchants, Trudelin nv and Inhabitants, wiii.in or near to the Puri dies, Towns, and Townships, of RcehJ./e, jl underlie Id, Halifax, Soy land, and Ealand, in the Counties u( Lancaster and York, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and laid directed him to rcjjort the fame, a^ it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Ilcpnrt in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in ut the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz*

The Committee met, und, pursuant to the Order of the House, have examined the Matter of the Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof,

Mr. Ralph Shuttlcuorth was called: Who said, That the Roads leading from the Taft End of I 'orIjhi rest reel, in Rochdale, in the County of Lancaster, to and over a craggy Mountain, called BUukstone Edge, in the same County, and from thence through the common Highways, to the Towns of Halif ax and Ealaml, in the County of York, which arc much frequented by Travellers, being the common Highways not only from Manchester and Rochdale, but also from the Cities, Sea Port, and Market Towns of Shrcusbury, Chester, Liverpool, and Warrington, to the Northern Part of this Kingdom, are, by reason of their Narrownels in some Places, and the Craggincfs of the said Mountain, and the Morasses thereupon, in many Parts almost unpassable for Wheel-carriages, and in other Places lb strait, that Pack-horles cannot pass by each other without Danger.

The same Witness said further, That, although the Statute-work has been constantly done on the said Roads, and Six Pence in the Pound raised, and laid out, the Roads cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, unless Ibme further Provision be made for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East End of the Town of Rochdale, in the County of Lancaster, Vo l. l2<2*

to and over the Mountain, tailed Black stone Edge, and from thence to the Tow ns of Halif ax and Euland, in the County of York: And that Mr. Shuttlesarth and Sir Edward Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Bailiff, Burgesses, and Freemen, of Avon the Borough of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, as Nav, gatlon* also of several Landholders and Manufacturers in the Clothing Trade, in and near the fame, whose Names are 1 thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the iloufe, and read; alleging.

That the River Avon, for extending the Navigation whereof to or near the Towns of Bradford, Melksham,

Laycock, and other Towns, in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts, a Bill is prayed by a Petition, now depending in this House, is also capable of being further made navigable, from Laycock uloresaid, to the said Bbrough of Chippenham, which is not more than Three Miles distant from the same, in and near which Borough considerable Manula&ure* in the Clothing Trade are carried on, and great Quantities of Corn, and other Grain, are produced; and that the making the said River navigable to the said Borough of Chippenham, will be a greut Benefit to the Publick, as well as to the said Borough, by rendering the Carriage thereof much cheaper, and will likcuife tend to preserve the adjacent Roads in good Repair: And therefore praying, shut a Clause, or Clauses, may be added to the said Bill, when the same shall be brought into this House* for making the said River navigable to the said Borough of Chippenham.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Considerution of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Eduard Hcylin Esquire, Thomas Fane Esquire, John Wynn, /Fatter Haukfuorth, Eduard Gregory, and Onedphorus Tyndal, Merchants, on behalf of themselves, and several other Merchants and Traders, within the City of Bristol, in behalf of themselves and others, is referred:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fume, as it (kall^pear to them, to the House.

Mr. If Inning ton reported from the Committee, to Copyright whom the Petition of several Proprietors of Copies of Pnntc<l Books, wlkofc Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf *°oks* as well of the Authors and Compilers of such Books as of themselves, and a great Number of others concerned in the Manufacture of Printing, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and lmd directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is, as follows; viz.

The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, have examined the Matter of the said Petition:

The Act of Parliament, of the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the Encouragement of Learning, by vesting the Copies of printed Books in the Authors or Purchasers of such Copies, during the times therciu mentioned, vyps laid before the Committee, and read:

Which Act declares* That the Author of any Book or Books, his Assignee or Assigns, shall have the 1‘ole Liberty of printing such Book or Books, for the Term of 14 Years, commencing from the Day of Publication j and provides against any other Persons re-printing, importing, or expofuig to Sale, such Books, within that time; unless the Consent of the Proprietors be first had; and, by a Proviso in the said Act, the foie Right of re-printing or diipofing of Copies, At the End of the said Term of 14 Years, is to return to the Authors, if they are then living, lor the like further Term;

The Petitioners alleged, That, notwithstanding the Provision in the said. Act, the good Intentions thereof have been frustrated and evaded, of which there are numerous Instances; and they called One Witness, to prove the great Labours of the Authors of Books, and the Expences thoie Persons are at, to whom such Authors alienate or transfer their Property therein; viz*

-5

4ii Martii. 1734.

Copy-right Mr. Robert Aynsworth: Who, being examined, said* ot printed That he has lately compiled a Latin and English Diction-00 * ary, which hath taken him up Twenty Years in perfecting: That he has fold the Copy, for which he has received £.500, and is to receive £300 more on printing the 2d Edition; and that the Amount of the Charge ot printing 6,oooo Copies of the said Book, with what has been paid for the Purchase-money, will arile to very near £. 3,000; and it is proposed to fell the said Book at 105. Price; so that the Gain, which the Purchaser has any Prospe6t of, must arise from the Sale of a Second Edition; and such Sale he cannot hope for under some considerable time.

The Petitioners informed the Committee, That they had ready to produce lurreptitious and pirated Editions, printed abroad, of the Works of 29 different Authors of great Repute, and Evidence to give Proof of the same to fbme Instances; whereof the Committee examined the following Witnesses; viz.

The Reverend Doctor Clarke, Dean of Sarum, who acquainted the Committee, That he transacted, for the Widow of his late Brother Doctor Samuel Clarke, the Agreement with Mr. Knaptony who bought the Copy of the said Doctor Clarkes posthumous Sermons, being 173 in Number; for the Purchase of which Mr. Kndpton paid £.1,000.

The said Mr. Knapton, being examined, said, That he printed the said Sermons in Ten Volumes, and fold them together at the Price of 40 s* in Sheets; That, in a short time after, the said Sermons were reprinted in Ireland, in Two Volumes in Folio, and are now imported from thence, and fold here for 2 6 s.; and he delivered in to the Committee One of the Copies of the said Impression, which he said he received from a Bookseller in Dublin at that Price.

Mr. Charles Rivington said, that he lately purchased V a Share in the Copy of a Book, intituled, The Gardener's

Dictionary, of Mr. Miller, the A\dhor; which Book he, the said Examinant, and Mr. Jmller, printed together, on their joint Account, in One large Volume in Folio, adorned with Copper Plates; and that the same was fold for 25^.: That now an Impression of the said Book, printed in Ireland, is fold in England for 22 s.: That the Examinant lately bought of Mr. Hilliard, a Book-feiler in York, One of the Copies of the said Irish Impression, for which he paidthat Price: which Copy so bought he produced to the Committee,

Mr. Philip Miller, the Author of the said Dictionary, being also examined, said, That he fold Part of his Right I in the said Copy to Mr. Rivington, and reserved the other

Part of it to himself; and that he and Mr. Rivington were the only Persons who had any Right in the said Copy.

The laid Mr. Rivington gave further Evidence, That a Book, intituled, Revelation examined with Candour, the Copy of which he purchased frotn Mr. Delany, about Two Years since, for £. 115, and printed and loid for 7 s. in Sheets, was likewise imported from Ireland, and fold in London for Five Shillings and Five Pence; and'he also produced One of the printed Copies of such Ii'ish Impression.

Two other Books; viz. the Lord Clarendon's History of the Rebellion, in Three Volumes Folio, and Bishop Burnet's History of his own Time, were likewise produced to the Committee; and Evidence was given of their being printed in Ireland, ax\d imported into, and fold in, England,.

To the First of which Books Mr; Baskett, Printer to his Majesty, and the Univef iky of Oxford, being examined, said, That thfe same was never printed in England but by the said University, who now have the foie Pio-perty thereof; and that the Book then produced was not any of the Impression so printed.

Mr. James Crockatt gave Evidence, That, being lately at Preston in Lancashire, he was presentin a Bookseller s Shop there, when a Bale of Books arrived from Dkblin, which he said were all English Books, and he bought 17

One, out of the said Bale, intituled, Burden's complete Farrier.

Of the several Books alleged to be printed in England, and afterwards re-printed in Holland, and imported from thence hither, the Petitioners produced to the Committee Copies so re-printed of the Works of the late Earl of Shaftesbury, intituled, Characteristics, Kc. Three Volumes 12ta0.; as also the Works of the late Duke of Bucking-hamshire, and Normanby, and Bishop [Burnett's First Part of the History of his own Time.

Mr. James Bettenham, being called to view the said Copies, and examined, said, That they were printed with Dutch Types: That, by the manner of printing the fame, they might be easily distinguished from Books printed in England; and that he believed the same were printed in Holland.

Mr. Thomas Ward, being examined, said, That he printed and published the said History in Folio; and that the same was never printed in any other Volume" in England.

Then, in order to lbew ‘the Difference betwixt the Price of Paper made use of in Printing abroad, and what is used here for the same Purpose,

Mr. Thomas Jekyll was examined: Who said, That he is Surveyor of the Duties on foreign Paper imported; and by an Account, which he delivered in to the Committee, specifying 16 different Sorts of Paper, which are made use of for printing Books, it appears, that the Totail of the Duties paid for every Hundred Weight of each Sort, being 1,600 Weight in the Whole, amounts to the Sum of £, 18. 19$: 6\d.; and that the Duty on printed Books, imported, for the like Quantity of 1,600 Weight, amounts to do ttiore than the Sum of £-5- 6*. 8rf. \:

Stephen Theodore Jansen Esquire, being examined, said That he buys Genoa, Dutch, and other Sorts of Paper, abroad, and.imports the same into this Kingdom: That including die Duties paid on Importation, the Price of Paper sold abroad is near «£. 80 per Cent. cheaper than what it can bd fold for in England:

That the Price of Paper in Ireland and England differs in proportion to the Duties laid thpreon; which Duties in Ireland are about £. to per Cefit.

The Reverend Doftdr Mangey acquainted the Committee. That he is'now about publishing a Book in Greek and Eatiri, intituled, Philo Judceus, which will make Two Volumes in Folio' towards the Compiling of which he has been at near £.400 Expence in procuring Materials from the Libraries of the Pope, the Emperor, the French King, and the Great Duke of Tuscany: That as the Duties on Paper are so large, and the Charges of Printing much dearer here than abroad, he is apprehensive, that the said Book, when printed, unless some farther Security is provided; will afterwards be reprinted in Holland, and imported and fold here, rt^Dne-third Part cheaper than what the originalimpressidh can possibly he fold for; by which; means he will be deprived of the Benefit of Ids said Work, that has cost him so many Years Labour in compiling.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, upon the Debate of the House, for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement 1 of Learning, by vesting the Copies of printed Books in' the Authors or Purchasers of such Copies, during the Time therein mentioned: And that Mr. Win-nington, Sir George Beaumont, Lord Tyrconnel, Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Pulteney, Lord Cornbury,

Dr. Clarke, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Forbes; Dr. Lee, and Mr. Dlgby, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bladen, from the Commissioners for Trade and Province Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to thei§ of Carolias Address to his Majesty, a Copy of the Memorial and Representation of the State and ^Condition of his Majesty’s Province of South Carolina, from the General Assembly of toe said Province.

And

lUtb«oc;H

ikctivm.

Hfrioi*, ir. iapniuavcul.

t

8 Geo. II. 12" — 130 Martii.

4*3

And the Title thereof was read

Ordered, That the said Mm.orial and Representation he referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the tthu'e House, to whom it is referred to coufulcr further of the Supply "ranted to his Majesty.

The said Memorial and Representation is hound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the House, made the Twelfth Day of February last, for hearing Tomorrow, nt the Bar of this House, the Matter of the Petition of 7lumas Neivnham, and Benjamin Hays F.fq wires, complaining ofan undue Election and return for the Borough of Mirl'borough^ in the County of Wills, he discharged.

Ordered, That the M;.tter of the said Petition he heard at the Bar of this iloufe To morrow Sevennight.

A Petition of George TIeriot, Provost of the Royal Burgh of Haddington n, Robert Fcrr<Jt, Brewer there, John Han, Sadler there, George Hunter, Wheelwright there, and George Walker, Skinner there, was on fented to the House, and read; alleging, That* upon Application made, the Twenty-fourth Day of October lad, by James F.r/kiuc, John Clin!del, Andrew Wilson, and others, aiVuniing to themselves the Xante of Magistrates in the said Burgh, and complaining, That the PetN tinner* had disturbe 1 them in the pretended Exercise of their Oillces; the honourable Andrew Fit fi ber, of Miitnun, One of the Judges of the Court of Judiciary, am! also of the Court of Session, in Scotland, though there was evidently no Foundation for such Complaint, w ithout any Jtirifrtirfion to judge of the Meries of the Election of Magistrates for the said Burgh, without any Evidence laid injure him, without any Notice given to the Petitioner*, or any oftlu* oilier Persons concerned, and so, without hearing them, or calling them before him. gave forth a summary Warrant directed to all Officers whom it concerned, civil or military, to search for, fcize, and apprehend, the IVrfon& of the Petitioners, and many others, to the Number of Forty Burgcflbs, or Inhabitants, w hereof Seventeen were acting Magistrates or Councilors of the said Burgh, where-ever they iliould he found in Scotland, and to imprison them within the nearefi Cure Prdon: That this Warrant was lodged in the Hands of Humphrey Colquhoun, One of the Macers or Mcili ngers of the Court of Judiciaiy, without the Privity of any other of the Judges of that Court; and, as the Petitioners have Reafou to believe, the said Andrew Fletiher ordered the said Macer to take Directions from Patrick Lyndfay, Provost of Edinburgh, as to the Manner of executing that Warrant, ami such Directions were accordingly given, as the Petitioners have Reason to believe, in W riting: That this Warrant was accompanied by an Order from Brigadier General Moyle, then acting as Commander in Chief of the Forces in Scotland, to the commanding Officer of the Dragoons then quartered in Haddingtonn, to alfifl with his Dragoons in the Execution of the Warrant: That, upon the Twenty-fifth Day of the said Month of October, the Petitioners were seized by the said Humphrey Colquhoun; and though the next sure Prison was that of HadJingtoun itself, or that of North Berwick, and though the Petitioners de fired either to be committed there, or to lie carried to Edinburgh, the Seat of the Courts of Justice, where they might apply for Relrefs; yet he told them, that his Orders were to carry them to the Prison of Dunbar, and no other; a Place Twenty Miles distant from Edinburgh, and Eight Miles from HadJingtoun, and Three Miles farther from Edinburgh than North Berwick; and though the pretended Crime was bailable, and Alexander Hepburn, the Sheriff Substitute, to whom the Petitioners applied, was, by Law, empowered and willing to admit them to bail, the said Humphrey Colquhoun told, that he could not dismiss them upon Bail, his express Orders being to lake no Bail, but to commit his Prisoners to the Prison of Dunbar; where they were accordingly imprisoned, from the said Twenty-fifth Dajr of October to Vo l. 22.

the Twenty--seventh Day of the said Month, till, by a M arrant from the honourable David Erejkine, of Dun, another of the Judges of the said Courts of Judiciary and Session, the Petitioners were set at Liberty, and . Execution of the Warrant was fluid against the rest, upon Bail given by the Petitioners ami them; and . that, since that time, no criminal Prosecution has been moved for any of thele pretended Ciimes charged against the Petitioners, or the rest: That these Proceedings, as the Petitioners apprehend, and are advised, were utterly illegal and oppressive on the Part of the said Andrew Fletcher, of Milloun, tending to destroy the personal Liberties of every Subject, the Freedom of the Royal Burghs, and, of consequence, the Fieedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for such Boroughs: And, as the Petitioners can hope for no, Redress, but from the Justice of Parliament, therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Relief therein, as may effectually prevent Inch Oppressions in time coming, and as o tiler wife to the House shall seem meet.

A Motion being made, and the Quc(lion being put. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideratiop of a Committee of the whole House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative,

Sir John Rushout, i5 t

Mr. Geo. Fox:

Mr. Edgcumbe, Mr. Bromley: } <97

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this 1 joule will, upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply grained to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Plurner have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Seven of the Clock.

And lie moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Order of the House, made the Twenty-seventh Day of February last. That the Bill, for repairing the Ronds from St. Peter's Church in Marlborough, to Sheppard's Shard, in the Parish of Bishop Cannings, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Wills, be read a Second time Tomorrow, be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis,130 die Martii;

Anno 8° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1734-Praters.

MR. Whilzcorth reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for naturalizing Anna Elizabeth Broughton, and Jofias Cottin, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt, in the Gaol of Warwick, was prefen ted to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie on the Table.

5 N Iiefolved,

Supply,

Marlborough

Roads.

Committees.

Broughton*, Ac. Nat.

Debtors

Petition,

Keeping

Places

before

Prayers.

Property Right of Prints, &c.

Commiitees.

Whitby

Harbour.

Tittenfor

Roads.

414

130 Martii. 1734;

Resolved and Declared, That the Declaration of the House, of the Tenth Day of this instant March, That no Member is to keep any Place in the House by Book, Glove, Paper, or otherwise, till after Prayers, and then only for himself, does not extend to a Member who takes a Place, by and for himself only, before Prayers, and leaves a Book, Glove, Paper, or other Mark of the fame, provided such Member be at Prayers.

A Bill for the Encouragement of the Arts of Design-ing, Engraving, and Etching, Historical and other Prints, by veiling the Properties thereof in the Inventors or Engravers, during the time therein to be mentioned, was read a Second time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomp-foil of York, Mr. Clutter buck, Mr. P Umpire, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Rushout, Sir Thomas Lee, Lord Baltimore, Sir Geo. Oxen den, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Erskine, Mr, Lyndfay, Mr. Evans, Mr. Hay, Mr. Clayton, Sir Robert Clifton, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Mai(ter, Mr. Smith, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Long ue vilie, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Life, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Treby, Mr. Selwyn, Sir John Buckzoorth, Mr. Wilkin son, Mr. Ho are, Mr. Bathurfi, Mr. Archer, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Parker, Mr. Sc.awen, Mr. Wm. Pturner. Doctor Lee, Mr. Mafier, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Cholmley Turner, Mr. Kenrick Clayton, Mr. Fitz Roy, Mr. Turner: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, Common-council-men, Masters of Vessels and Mariners, and other Freemen and Inhabitants, of the ancient Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent, whose Hands are subscribed, in behalf of themselves and others, Freemen and Inhabitants of the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House the great Convenience of the Haven, or Harbour, of the said Town and Port, and the great Expence of maintaining the same t And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and grant that the Freemen and Inhabitants of the said Town and Port of Sandwich, and their Ships or Vessels, Goods, Wares, and Merchandises, may be exempted in the Bill, depending in this House, for lengthening the Well Pier of the Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York; and for improving the said Harbour; from any Tax, Duty, or Charge, towards the lengthening the said West Pier of the Harbour of Whitby, and improving the same $ and to order such Clause or Clauses, to be added to the said Bill for that Purpose, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing and amending the Highways between the Town or Village of Tittenfor, and the most Northern Parts of Talk on the Hill, in Butt-lane, in the County of Stafford, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 5. L. 38. After " Sacheverell " insert " Thomas " Sherrattf

The said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Highways between the Town or Village of Tittenfor, and the moll

Northern Part of Talk on the Hill, in Butt-lane, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Leveson Gower do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Lighlboun and Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An A6i for Hunningham inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Inclosure* other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Hunningham, alias Honingham, in the County of Warwick: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Poor insolvent Debtors of the Debtors Wood-freel Compter, in the City of London, on behalf Petitions, of themselves, and other insolvent Debtors, in the several Prisons of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and readj complaining of their Distress, and oP the Difficulty of obtaining the Relief intended by the Act made for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and of the Defect thereof; and representing to the House the Misery of their future Condition, when the said Act shall expire;

And therefore praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors, and poor Prisoners, in the County Gaol at Carlifs, in Cumberland, on the behalf of themselves, being about Fifty in Number, and the rest of the poor Prisoners in other Gaols in South Britain, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Act made for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, is now near expiring: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Colonel Selwyn presented to the House, according to p^servation Order, a Bill for rendering the Laws more effectual for of Turn-punishing such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously &c-

pull down or destroy Turnpikes for repairing Highways, or Locks, or other Works, erected by Act of Parliament, for making Rivers navigable: And the same was received; and read the Fil’d time.

And it being objected, That several Clauses, contained in the said Bill, were not within the Order for bringing in the fame;

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the same Bill:

And the said Bill was withdrawn accordingly.

Notice being taken of a Mistake occasioned by the Greenwich Transcriber’s Neglect in the Account of the State of Hospital the yearly Revenue and Expence of Greenwich Hospital, Account which was presented to the House upon the Sixth Day With rawa* of February last;

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Account, in order to the presenting a perfect Account.

A Bill for enabling his Majesty to apply the Sum of Supply Bill; One Million, out of the Sinking Fund, lor the Service -nkin& of the Year 1735, was read a Second time. un ’

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Computation, or Estimate, of the Grecnwidi Expence that will be necessary to complete and finish Hospital, the Building of the Royal Hospital of Greenwich, and the Plan thereof, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House: And that they do also consider by what Means the said Building may be completed.

Resolved,

8 Geo. II.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded" to the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of William Piers Esquire, and George Speke Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City and Borough of Wells, in the County of Somerset:

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify several Persons named in One of the Lifts, by them delivered in upon Tuesday last, who voted for the Sitting Members, not being entitled to their Freedom in any of the Seven Companies within the said City, by Birth, Servitude, or Marriage.

And a Book of the Company of Hammer Men, within the said City, being delivered in, an Entry wherein was read j

They proceeded to examine several other Witnesses, in order to disqualify the rest of the Persons named in the said Lift.

And having delivered in a List, containing the Names of several Persons who offered to vote for the Petitioners at the said Election, and were refused, they examined a Witness, in order to add One of the said Persons to the Poll of the Petitioners.

And several Books, of the several Companies of Taylors, Mercers, Innkeepers, Stocking-makers, Butchers, and Cordwainers, within the said City, being delivered

415

in, several Entries, in the Book of the Company of Taylors, in relation to the Admission of that Person to his Freedom, were read.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 140 die Martii;

Anno 8° Georgii IF1 Regis, 1734.

P EAYERS,

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Hunningliaa Act for inclosing the Common Fields, Common Incl°sure> Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Hu nning ham, alias Honing ham, in the County of Warwick, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Corbett presented to the House, pursuant to their Greenwich Order, a State of the yearly Revenue, and Expence, of Hospital-Greenwich Hospital.

And the Title thereof was read.

The said State is as follows j vix.

130 — 140 Martii.

N

Vol.22.

A STATE

A STATE of the yearly Revenue and Expence of Greenwich Ilofpita!;

Estimate of the R EVENU E.

The Six-Pence a Man per Menfemy of 10,000 Seamen usually employed in the King’s Service at Sea, in Time of Peace, yields -The Six-Pence a Man per Menfem, of about 1,500 Seamen employed on board his Majesty’s Ships in ordinary, may yield -The Six-Pence a Man per Menfem, of Seamen employed in the Merchants Service, is estimated at ——

The Three Light-houses on the Forelands may yield, per Annum, about

The Rents of Housesyield about - ....

There is veiled in South Sea Annuities, by Order of the Court of Chancery, the Sum of 3,174 devised to the Hospital; which Sum is to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands; and, in the mean time, the Hospital receives Interest, at £. 4 per Cent,

Revenue ffiort of the Expence

p

eg'

n'

CD

CL

cr

Memorandum: — The Half Pay of the Lieutenant Governor, and other military Officers of the Hospital, which is at present employed in Aid to the Revenue of the Hospital, and may be deducted £. s. d from the above Deficiency, amounts to - - 643 7 —

The Wages, and Value of the Provisions, allowed to the Chaplains of the Ordinary of Deptford and Woolwich,

'Which are at present applied in like manner, they being

the Chaplains of the Hospital, amount to - - 107-----

But the said Sums, being uncertain, are not brought to Account, as Part of the Revenue of the Hospital.

Note, As 20,000 Seamen were voted for the Sea Service this last Year, the Revenue will be increased in proportion.

The. Corbett.

prepared in pursuance of an Order of the honourable House of Commons, of the 4U1 of February 1734,

3>*5° — 487 10

7,000 — 1,400 — 251 18

126 19

d.

12,5*6 7 4

O iT> O O *9 6

22,567 6 101

Estimate of the EXPEN C E.

d.

The Maintaining of 900 po&r vdifalded Seamen, with the Officers, Ser- £. vants, and Nnrfes, upon the present Establishment, is estimated at about - - - -: - - - 20,567 6 10

The ordinary Repairs in and about the Hospital, including the Wages of

the Officers of the Works, are estimated at about - - - - 1,500-----

Contingent Charges are about - 3 - - v - - - 500-----

£. 22,567 6 10

Tho. Corbett.

75° 7

i>o

4,g . 14

8 Geo. II.

14° — 170 Martii.

4*7

Supply Bill; Duties uu Salt, &c.

Weymouth Election.

Ordered, That the said State be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and White Herrings, for a Term therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of John Olmius Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis, in the County of i)orfe(, the Petitioner and John Tucker Esquire flood Candidates: That the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned as a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; but John Carfwell Esquire, the present Mayor; who was the Returning Officer, and Andrew Way, Town Clerk of the said Borough, being influenced by the said John Tucker, or his Agents, acted in the most partial and arbitrary manner against the Petitioner, during the whole Course of the Poll, by admitting many Persons to poll for the said John Tucker, who had no Right to vote, and refusing others to vote for the Petitioner, who had an undoubted Right; whereby, and by many other illegal and indirect; Practices, the said John Tucker has procured himself to be returned; in manifest Injury and Prejudice to the Petitioner, and in open Violation of the Laws for feeuring the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament: That the said John Tuckei is not qualified to fit as Member in this House, he not having now, or at the time of the Election, such an Estate as is required by the Statute in that behalf made and provided: And praying the House to grant the Petitioner such Relief as to them shall seem meet*

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to tlieCon-sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

" feeuring the Liberty of the Subject in that Part of cf Great Britain called Scotland, and, M

And the Question being put, That those Words Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, fMp*

£Mr. smith:

Tellers for the Noes £Mr' letters for the t\oes, Sctwyn;

]‘47*

]2I5-

Whitby

Harbour.

Rothdale, Jtc, Road.

Lwnctlion

Ue&ioi).

preventing wrongous bnprifoii-itnt, &c. in Scotland.

Mr. Shuttleworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, leading over acertain craggyMountain, called Black-JloneEtfge, in the same County, and from thence to the Towns of Halifax and Ealand, in the County of York; And the same was received; and read the First time*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, who, by an Instruction to them given by the House the First Day of February last, are ordered to hear, upon this Day, the Matter of the Petition of Sir William Irby Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Dunhevid, alias Launceston, in the County of Cornwall, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition next after the Hearing of the Merits of the Double Return and Election for the Town, and County of the Town, of Southampton.

The House was moved, that Part of an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made 1701, intituled, An A6i for preventing wrongous Imprisonment; and against undue Delays in Tryals; might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better feeuring the Liberty of the Subject in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland in the Year 1701, intituled, An Act for preventing wrongous Imprisonment; and against undue Delays in Tryals;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out these Words "for the better Vo*. 22.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Question so amended being put;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining and amending an A6fc, passed in the Parliament of Scotland in the Year .1701, intituled, An Act for preventing wrongous Imprisonment; and against undue Delays in Tryals: And that Mr. Dundafs, the Lord Polwarth, and Mr. Sandys, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.,

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the and Mean*, whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 170 die Martii;

Anno 8* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1734. Prayers.

ABI L L for lengthening the West Pier of the Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York\ and for improving the said Harbour; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clwlm-ley Turner, Mr. Burchet, Sir Geo. Oxen den, Mr. Gy b bon. Sir Hen. Lyddell, Mr. Fitzroy, Mr. Walker, Mr. Hed-zvorlh. Sir John Shelly, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Stcrt, Colonel Lyddell, Mr. Drummond, Lord Sid. Beauclerk, Sir James Campbell, Colonel Howard, Mr. Hay, Mr. Horfmonden Turner, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. P[umpire. Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Edward Walpole, Mr. Pearfe, Sir Robert Sutton, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Wort ley, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Coster, Mr. Harvey, Mrs Montagu, Mr. Wilson, Captain Evans, Captain Purvis, Lord Gage, Mr. Byng, Mr. Cary, Mr. White, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Corbet, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Archer, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Bacon, Lord Polwarth, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Pnlttney, Mr. Par/ons, Sir John RuJhout, Sir Wilfrid Imw/oh, Lord John Sackville, Sir Edward Stanley, Sir Edmund Bacon, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Lech-mere, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Gregory/, Mr. WHlimof, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Smith, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Master. Sir Nicolas Williams, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Erflcine, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Francis Child, Sir A bra. Elton, Sir James Grant, Mr. Oglethorpe; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of York and Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, Common-council-men, Walters of Vessels, and Mariners, and other Freemen and Inhabitants, of the ancient Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent, whose Names are subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, Freemeh and Inhabitant? of the said Town, which was presented to the House the 13th Day of this instant March, and ordered to lie on the Table till the Second Reading of the said Bill, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed. s

5 O A Petition

4i8

A. 1734,

Norwich A Petition tit Miles Arftfilhwftyt Esquiire wasrspf-iefenfed

Eiedion. to the House, and read; Ibtting forth. That, at the late Election tit a Citizen to servein thisptefent Parliament for the City of Norwich, and County of the fame, in the room of Waller Bacon Esquire, deceased, the Petitioner and Thomas Vere Esq 11 ires, flood Candidates: That the said Mr. Vere, at the time of such Election and Return, was not qualified to fit and vote as a Citizen for the said City, according to the Intent and Meaning of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for fechring the Freedom of Parliaments, by the further qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons; and therefore, that the Election and Return of the said Mr. Vere is void; that many corrupt, unwarrantable, and illegal Practices were made use of, by, for, and on behalf of, the said Mr. Vere, in order to procure him to beelefted and returned a Citizen for the said City; and that, notwithstanding the Premises aforesaid, the said Mr. Vere is returned; in Prejudice to the Petitioner, who was duly eiefted a Representative for the said City; and therefore ought to have been returned accord in gly, ittitead of the said Mr. Vere: And praying the House tb 5tafke the Premises into Considerafcion; and to give the Petitioner such Relief as shall be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-flderation of the'Committee of Privileges and Elections; And That they do'ex amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame?, With their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

BroughfWs, An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Anna Elizabeth &c» Nat. Broughton atnl Jofi'as Coffin, was read the Third time.

Resolved, Thdt the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Anna Elizabeth Broughton and Jo ft as 1Coif in.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply Bill; A Bill for- granting and continuing (he Duties upon

Salr*011 an(*

upon Red and White Herrings, for a Term a c‘ therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Coventry Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Committee

Election. of Privileges and Ejections, who. by an Instruction to them given by the House the Third Day of February la ft, are ordered to hear, upon this Day, the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of Coventry, That they do hear the'Matter of the said Petitions next after the Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Sir Thomas Hales Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City and County of Canterbury.

Clackmannan A-Motion was made, and the Question being put, Eie&iou. That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Electious, who, by an Instruction to them given by the House the Twenty-ninth Day of Janucny last,*are ordered to hear, upon WedneJ'day next, the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Shire of Clackmannan, 1 hut they do hear the Matter of the said Petitions next after the Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of Coventry;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

J*

..: So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Importation ‘ ‘Mr. Glanville prefeuted to the House, according to ot I'idi, Slc Order, a Bili to render more effectual an Act,p<dfe<i in

the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better preventing freftiFish token by Foreigners being imported into this Kingdom; and for the Preservation of the Fry of Fish; and for giving Leave to import Lobsters and Turbots, in foreign Bottoms; and for the better Preservation of Salomon within several Rivers, in that Part v of this Kingdom called England: And the same was received.

A Petition of the Clfcfks of the Inrolment of the York Court of Chancery; praying to be beard, by their R*giftyof Counsel, against-the Bill for the publick Registering of &c’ all Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances, that shall he‘made of, or that may affect, any Honours,

Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the North Riding of the County of York; being offered to be presented to the House;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ‘si, kin§

upon the Bril for enabling his Majesty to apply the Fuod'

Sum of One Million, out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1735;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clatife of Credit. I

Then the House'resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee,

That they had gone* through the Bill, and made'several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Sopplf-House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Surplusses stated at Lady-day. 1734, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Surplusses stated at Michaelmas 1734, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1735, be referred to the said Committee*

Ordered, That the Account of what -Money has been ordered by the Lords of the Treasury, and received* by* the Jate^tnd present Treasurer of the Navy, for any Services of the Navy, from 31'ft December 1733 to 31 ft1 December*1734, be referred to the said Committee. ....

Ordered, That the Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land ’Forces, and Marines, who died upon the Eft a hi i flimen t of Half-pay, in Great Britain, and who weremarried to them before the 25th Day of December 1716; with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1735; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines, entitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain; with an Estimate of die Charge thereof; for the Year. 1735; be referred to the said Corrtmittee.

Ordered, That the Account how the Money granted the last Session of Parii amen Uof Greenwich Hospital; has been disposed of, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account,: shewing* how much Money has been;received by the Treasurer on Account of the said Hospital, from Christmas 1733 to Christuuis 'i 734; a^d how the same has been applied; be referred to the said Committee.

- Ordered\

1

L

Nnnhtmptr>0

kicdou.

York

Buildings

Company.

York Rcguiry tf Dctds^c

llxhdale, fee. Road.

8 Geo. II. 17° — 18°

Ordered, That the Establishment of the Royal African Company of England, for their several Forts and Settlements on the Coaii of Africa, with the Charges thereof, for the Year 1734,diAii)giiilhingbow much of the same is on account of Trade, and how tpuch for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Forts and Settlements; and also the Account how the Money, granted in the last Session of Parliament towards the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, hath been disposed of; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Ktlimate of the Charges of the Royal African Company of England, for the Maintenance ol several British Forts and Settlements belonging to the said Company on the of Africa, for the

Year 173.5, he referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies rece ived, applied, and expeuded, by the Trustee* for establiiiung the Colony of Georgia, in America, from the 9th Day of June 1 732 to the 9th Day of September 1 734, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money granted in the iaft Session of Parliament, for the Repair of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, We flounder, bath been disposetl of, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took th<* Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolution*; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the House, made the Twenty-eighth Day of January lall, for hearing. Tomorrow, at the Bar of this House, the Matter of the Petition of Edu ard Montagu Esquire, complaining of an undue Flection and Return for the Town and Borough ol Northampton, in the County of Northampton, be dil'rharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House on Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Chct\ynd be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Esher Crud. Widow, Thomas Moseley, Gilln'rt De Flint's, Anne Finch, Theo~ dore Davell, Mary Doyly, liichard Phillips, Philip Dikes, Forbes Wilson, Grace Holland, DanielC'abroll, and ot hors, whose Names are thereunto lnbscribed, Ciedeors of the Governor and Company of IndcrtaLm" lor railing the Thames Water in York Buildings, as also proprcioi s of several Parts and Shares of the-Stock of the said Company, on behalf of themselves, and others, is relerred.

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney he added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the pubhek Registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, ami other incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may afleCl, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the North Riding of the County of York, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till’lormorrow Morning, Niue of the Clock.

Martis , 18° die Martii;

Anno 8* Georgii II41 Regis, 1734. Prayers.

A BILL for repairing and widening the Road from the d own of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, leading over a certain craggy Mountain called \ol. 24.

Martii- 41(7

Blackstone Edge, in the same County, and from thence to the Towns of Halifax and Ealand, in the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shuttleworth. Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Parsons, Mr Hedworth,

Mr. lYollu/lnfL, Mr. P[umpire, Mr. Ijeheup, Mr. Walker,

Mr. Fane, Sir Thomas Clark, Mr. Longueville.SW Henry lloghton, Mr, Pelham, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Butler, Sir Robert Clifton, Mr. Yorke, Mr Hacks, Captain Evans,

Mr. Laroche, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Shaft o, Mr. Lamb ton,

Lord Gallzcav. Mr. Plainer, Mr. White, Sir Charles Bun-bury, Mr. Willi mot. Lord Polwarth, Mr. Archer, Mr.

Hamilton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sand}!*, Sir James Grant,

Mr. Bevafi, Mr. Choi. Turner, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr.

/htneomb. Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Trebij, Lord Morpeth, Mr. B'/amjlun, Mr. Packer, Mr. Eduards, Mr.

Hume Campbell, Sir Wnt. I^owther, Mr. Raid. Earle,

Colonel Schani; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Lancaster and York: And they are to cuee.t this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Richard Trejfry was presented to the Toller’s House, and read; praying, That he may he heard against Name, the Bill, depending in this House, to enable William Toller, now chIIchI William Toller Trejfry Gentleman, and his I flue Male, to lake and use the Surname of Trejfry on!v, ptirfuant to the Deed of Settlement of John Tnjf'ry Kh111 ire, deceased.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Con-fidrration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner, if he thinks fit, be heard, l*v hisCotinfel, before the said Committee, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Connfc! to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The Lord Tyrconnell reported from the Committee to St. Tamrs whom the Petition of the Veil ry men, and other the West mi niter Inhabitants, of th^ Two Paritlies of St. James, and St.

George, Hanover Square, within the City and Liberty of ’

H eflminster, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolution of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was rend; and is as followftth; viz.

'1 he Committee have, piirluant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove lhe Allegations thereof,

Sir CecilW 'ray. Dr. Hody, Mn jor Foubert, and Sir Thomas Webftvr, were (‘ailed; and, being severally examined, gave 1 oltances of Persons being attacked, and Lead being frequently llolen from Houses, and of other Robberies committed, within the said Parishes: And Ma jor/bt/6e;^ further said, That, upon his calling to, and asking, the Watchman, The reason of the Frequency of Robberies, and why he did not prevent them ? the Watchman answered. His Walk being so large, it was impoflibfe for him to answer for every thing that happened within the same.

Mr. Benjamin Ratcliff?, of Great Pidteneyft reel, St.

James's, being examined, laid, That the Watchman belonging to that Street has the Care of 150 Houses; and that, when Collections have been made for defraying the Charges of the Watchmen, be has frequently complained of the little Use they- are of, from the ftnall Number of them: That one Evening coming home, he found the Lamp at his Door put out, and, on a sudden, a.Fellow jumped from the Lodge over the Door; upon which he called out for the Watchman, and he nut coming, went to his Stand, hut could not liud him: That, after he bad got into his House, lie heard a Noiseagain, and another Fellow jumped down; and the next, Morning he found he had been robbed of a considerable Quantity of Lead;

420 18 Marti 1734,

t..tame* a*rtd then fending for the Watcbtoari, and asking him Westminster Why he neglected his Duty ? he told him, That he did *J*ghtly weu as }ie could, having a very large Walk:

atch' &c# And the said Mr. Ratcliffe further laid, That there is scarce a House about him but has been robbed, twice over, of Lead; and that no sooner a House is empty, but Rogues get in at the Window, and plunder it: That they kept Possession of one House Two Nights and a Day, and carried off, in a Cart, leaden Cisterns, and many other valuable Things; and, upon a Servant Maidi who lived over-against the House, going, in order to prevent the Goods being carried away, the Rogues galhed and cot her Arm: The Witness said, That notwithstanding he pays 9 s. per Annum towards the nightly Watch, he seldom fees a Watchman in the Streets, when he returns home.

Mr. John Goland, of Bond-street, St. George's Parish being examined, said, That within these Four or Five Years last pail, he had been robbed Three times of Lead, to the Value of4o.r. or 50 each time, notwithstanding the Watchman’s Box is within 20 Yards of his House: That on his Return home in the Evening, he generally finds the Watchman drunk, and wandering about with lewd Women: That, one Morning after Christmas last, he found him so drunk, that he.was forced himself to take him out of the Kennel*, and in that Condition several of his Neighbours saw him.

Mr. Samuel Seddon, being examined, said, That he was concerned as an Attorney in prosecuting a Servant of a Gentleman, for breaking open the House of Mr. Fox, in the Parish of S'. George, Hanover Square, and for stealing some Plate of his Walter, who lodged in Mr. Fox's House; of which Crime the Servant was convicted.

Oliver Lambart Esquire, of St. James's Parish, being examined, said, That he had frequently Complaintsmade to him, being One of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, of Watchmen not being at their Stands; and that Robberies, and other Outrages and Disorders, were committed in the Streets; whereupon he had often made Complaint thereof to the Burgesses, and applied for an Increase of Watchmen; but without Success.

The Petitioners then laid before the Committee the Statutes following; viz. An Act of 13th of King Edward id, called the Statute of Winchester; and also an Act of the 5th of King Edzoard the 3d , and also an Act of the 5th of King Henry the 4th; and so much of the said Statutes as relate to nightly Watches, were read; the Petitioners alleging, That noProvision is made by either of the said Acts, orby any other Law, for theestablishing, ordering, or well governing, of nightly Watches, except from Ascension-day to Michaelmas-daij, or for the due raising and collecting of Money, to defray the necessary Charges of a nightly Watch, or for enforcing a due Application, and just Account, of such Money as had or should be collected for that Purpose.

It appeared to the Committee, by the Evidence of Mr. Samuel Seddon and Mr. Thomas Caigozo, formerly a Constable of the Parish of St. James, That there are in that Parish 81 Streets, Four Lanes, and 38 Alleys, containing, in all, upwards of 3,000 Houses, and but Thirty-two Watchmen employed to take care of the whole Parish.

And Mr. Simon Parry and Mr. Matthew Panic, being severally examined, said, That in the Parish of St. George there are 56 Streets, 16 Courts, or thereabouts, and Two large Squares, that the Streets, Courts, and Squares, contain, in all, near 2,000 Houses, and but 14 Watchmen, most of whom are very old and infirm, being appointed by the Burgesses, for the Care of the whole Parish; 14 or 15 were paid by the voluntary Contribution of the Parish.

Mr. Nicolas Humphreys, One of the Collectors of the Rates for the nightly Watch, laid before the Committee a Book, wherein are entered the Rates and Assessments, made by the Burgesses of Westminster, for defraying the Expence of Watchmen, each-of whom is paid 7id. per Night, or thereabouts:

4 22

The said Mr. Humphreys, being examined as to the Collecting of the Money afi'efled on the Inhabitants, said. There being no Power to enforce tile Payment of those Assessments, a great many of the Inhabitants refused to pay them, complaining the y were not half watched,

The Committee then proceeded to inquire into that Part of the Petition, which complains, That there is a Want of a proper Regulation of Beadles appointed and employed within the said Two Parishes, in order to assist the Constable.

And the said Mr. Humphreys, being again called, said,

That in the Parish of St. George, Hanover Square there are Three Beadles employed, who usually have each £. 30. per Annum, or thereabouts.

And Mr. Seddon, being examined, said, Th^t in the Parish of St. James there are Seven Beadles, who have, as he has been informed, either £. 30per Annum, with a Coat, or £. 35 without one; and that the Money to pay them is taken out of the Watch-money, raised by the Assessments of the Burgesses; and therefore precarious and unwarrantable.

It appeared to the Committee, That One Inhabitant of the Parish of -57. James paid 16 s. per Annum Watch-money, for a House f£. 60 per Annum.

The said Mr. Lambart, being again called, and examined, said, That he has frequently spoke to Beadles, and desired them to remove Beggars; Imt to no Purpose:

That a Lady of Quality once desired iiis Assistance therein, when her Daughter had been frightened, being with Child, by a Beggar, who had loft his Hand, and having only a Stump, thrall it into the Chair to her Daughter:

That he thereupon wrote to Mr. Green, One of the Burgesses, to desire that he would fend a Beadle or Two to remove the Beggars; but the said Mr. Green took no manner of Notice of his Request: That lie spoke at that time to one of the Beadles himself, to turn the Beggars away; and the Beadle excused himself from doing it, saying, That it was not within his Ward.

M r. James IJaJtings, Sexton of the Parish of St. James's, was called, and, being examined, said, That he had often met Beadles, and iliewed them Beggars-, and complained of their being an Annoyance, and troublesome to the Inhabitants; and the Answer the Beadle gave was, That it was not their Business to remove t hem; and if they did remove them from thence, they would go into fom*e other Street.

Mr. Thomas Rea, Churchwarden of the Parish of St.

George, Hanover Square\ said. That he had taken great Pains with the Beadles for the Removal of Beggars; and that, after his Complaints, they had llaid Montiis in the Parish: That finding his Applications to the Beadles ineffectual, he made Complaint to the Burgesses; but met with no Success. /

Dr. Andrew Trebeck, being examined, confirmed the foregoing Evidence given of the Remiflhefs of Beadles in their Offices, and of the Complaints that had been made thereof to the Burgess’esCourt: But said. He never heard that any Redress was given upon such Complaints.

And, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolution.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles within the Parishes of St. James, and St. George, Hanover Square, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster: and that the Lord Tyrconnellj Mr. Plnmptre, Mr. Laroche, Sir Charles Banbury, Alp.. Hanmcr, and Mr.

Trenchard, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed ,in the Importation First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, of Hfli, the First, intituled, An Act for the better preventing fafeffi Fish, taken by Foreigners, being imported into this Kingdom; and for the Preservation of the;Fry of Fish; and for giving Leave to import Lobsters and Turbots, in

foreign

Supply.

8 Geo. II. i8° Mar til. 411

foreign Bottoms; and Sor the better Preservation of Salmon, within several Rivers in that Part of this Kingdom called England; was read the First time.

Refilled, That the Hill be read a Second time.

Sir Charts Turner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutious which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the same were read; and are as fob ioweth; viz.

Refilled, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Three hundred Ninety-three Pounds Five Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to complete the Sum of Eighty-one thousand Five hundred Sixty-eight Pounds Five Shillings and Eleven Pence, for Services incurred, by augmenting his Majesty's Forces, and in concerting such other Mfailures as the Exigency of his Majesty1’s Affairs have rofjuircd.

Refilled, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-nine thousand Eight hundred Thirty-four Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence, he granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces, and Marines, for the Year 173V

Refilled, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Seven hundred and Eighty Pounds, he granted to \w< Majesty, for pacing of Pensions to the idows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces, and Marines, as died upon the Eftahhlhment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th Dav of December 1 7 i lor the Year 1735.

ttcfih rd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That aSittn, not exceeding Seventy-nine thousand Seven hundred Sixty Pounds Three Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1735.

Refilvetl, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-four thousand Six hundred Ninety-three Pounds One Shilling and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expence of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament.

Refilled, That it in the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-six thousand Four hundred and Five Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Four Pence Farthing, be granted to his Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1731.

Refilled, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceed Thirty-seven thousand Five hundred Fifty-seven Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of the General Fund.

Refilvedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sura, not exceeding One hundred Ninety-eight thousand Nine hundred and Fourteen Pounds Nine Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half-pay for Sea Officers, for the Year 1735.

Refilvedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pohnds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out, and become decrepit, in the Service of their Country.

Refilvedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements, belonging to the Royal African Company of England, on the Coafi of Africa.

Refilvedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That aSum, not exceeding Twenty-six thousand Pounds, Vol. 22.

be granted to his Majesty, towards settling and securing the Colony of Georgia, in America.

Refilvedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Four thousand Pounds be granted to

his Majesty, towards the Repair of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster.

Refilvedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for the Repair of the Tower and Roof of the Parish Church of St. Margaret's, Westminster.

The said Refutations, being severally read a Second time, tvere, upon the Qtieftiou severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Sir Charles Turner also, according to Order, reported Supply Bill; from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Sinking Bill for enabling his Majesty to apply the Sum of One fund* Million out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty five, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; anil afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ing rolled.

The other Order of the Day being read 5

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Wells Matter of the Petition of IEiltiam Piers Esquire, and Elution. George Speke Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City and Borough ot Wells, in the County of Somerset.

And the Count'd on both Sides were called in.

And the CounfeJ for the Petitioners, having delivered in an additional Lift, containing the Names of several other Persons who offered to vote for the Petitioners at the said Election, and were refused, proceeded to examine several Witnesses, in order to add to the Poll of the Petitioners sevenil of the Persons named in the Lift by them delivered in upon Thurslay la ft, who offered to vote for the Petitioners at the said Election, and were refused:

And, having proposed to qualify William Norton,

One of the said Persons, as being the eldeli Son of a Freeman of the said City, they examined several Witnesses, as to the Right of the eldest Sons of Freemen to be admitted to their Freedom:

And John Joyce, a Freemanf>fthe said City, being called, to give Evidence of that Right 5

And the Counsel for the fitting Members having objected to the Admission of that Evidence;

The CounfeJ on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That John Joyce, a Freeman of the City of Wells, be admitted to give Evidence, as to the Right of the eldest Sons of Freemen there to be admitted to the Freedom of the said City;

The House divided.

Tine Yeas went forth.

Teller, for tire Y«s, "S-

Teller, for U* Noe., J uj.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Counsel on both Sides were again called in:

And Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the said John Joyce being examined accordingly;

The Counsel for the Petitioners examined another Witness, in relation to the said William Norton; and 5 P also

422 18* — 11

also several other Witnesses, in relation to several other Persons named in the said Lift.

Then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

The Counsel on both Sides were again called in:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners proceeded to examine several other Witnesses, in order to add to the Poll of the Petitioners several other Persons named in the said Lift.

And an Entry in One of the Convocation Books of the said City, intituled Liber C. which was delivered in, being read as Evidence of the Qualification of another of the Persons named in the said Lift, they examined several Witnesses, in order to add to the Poll of the Petitioners several other Persons named in the said Lift.

Then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to Withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition be adjourned till Thursday Morning iiext

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 190 Anno 8° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1734.

Prayers.

Importation A BILL to render more effectual an Act, passed in offifii, &c. jlTL the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better preventing fresh Fish, taken by Foreigners, being imported into this Kingdom; and for the Preservation of the Fry of Fish; and for giving Leave to import Lobsters and Turbots in foreign Bottoms -, and for the better Preservation of Salmon within several Rivers in that Part of this Kingdom called Englandwas read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Hunninghata An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other commonable Lands, in the Parish of Hunning-ham, alias Honingham, in the County of Wanvick, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Smith, Mr. Tower, Mr. Treby, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Plumer, Sir Wm. Heath-cote, Sir Wm. Clayton, Colonel Handafyde, Mr. Boone, Sir Charles Wager, General Wade, Sir Robert Clifton, Sir Miles Stapyllon, Mr. Worthy, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Wollaston, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Gybbon. Lord Polwarth, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Blache t, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Smelt, Mr. Walker, Sir James Grant, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Corbet, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Cornwall, Lord John Sackville, Mr. Maifier, Mr. Master, Mr. Earle, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Scazven, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Archer, Mr. % Lewis, Mv. How, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Waller, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Boteler, Lord Middlesex, Mr. Glanville, Sir James Campbell, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Harley, Mr. Gregory, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Rowney, Mr. York, Mr. Baron Birch, Mr. Curzon, Sir Cordell Firebraqe, Mr. Hay, Colonel Campbell, Mr. Andrews, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Price, Sir Thomas Aston, Mr. Bowes, Sir Thomas Sebright', and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Warwick and Worcester: And they are to meet this

>° Mar Hi. J. 1734.

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Mr. Willimott reported from the Committee, to Exportation whom the Petition of the Matters, Workmen, and other of Wool. Persons, concerned in the Woollen and Silk Manufactures within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, in behalf of themselves, and all other Persons concerned in the said Manufactures throughout Great Britain; and also the several Petitions from the Cities of Peterborough, Exeter, and Coventry, and the Towns of Bampfon, Chumleigh*

Kighley, Barkway, Northampton, Barnstaple, and Whitchurch; complaining of the unlawful Exportation of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland, and of Woollen Goods completely manufactured from Ireland to foreign Countries; were referred; and who, by an Instruction to them given by the House, were ordered to consider the Laws in being to prevent the clandestine Exportation of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland, and what further Provisions may be necessary for the better preventing thereof: That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and had considered the said Laws; and had directed him to report the Matter of the said Petitions, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and the Report and Resolutions are as follows; viz.

The Committee have, in pursuance of the Orders of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and have also, pursuant to the Instruction given to the said Committee, considered the Laws in being to prevent the clandestine Exportation of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland, and what further Provisions may be necessary for the better preventing thereof:

To prove the First Allegation, contained in the first-mentioned Petition, which complains of unlawful Exportation of great Quantities of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland, the following Witnesses were examined; viz.

Samuel Webber: Who said, That |ie had followed the Business of a Serge-maker ever since the Year 1696, and had travelled through several Parts of France, and seen the Woollen Manufactures there; and that at a Place called Rochelle, they worked up Irish Wool, which he had Reason to believe, because he was informed by an Irish Merchant there named White, that he, the said White, came to reside at Rochelle as a Factor for Wool, which Wool, he told the Examinant, they had from Ireland: That he was at another Town called Poieters; and happening to be at a Weaver’s, the Examinant emptied a Pair of Combs of French Wool, which was verycoarfe: That the fined Sort of that Wool has a coarse Bottom, and can only be worked up into Broad Cloth, Serges, or Goods of that Sort; but that, unless it was mixed up with English or Irish Wool, it was impracticable to work it up in the making of Camblets, Callimancoes, Crapes, and such kind of Goods, with which the French now supply foreign Markets.

Henry Oland said, That One-third Part of the Wool of Ireland, wrought up with Two-third Parts of the French Wool, would make up the several Sorts of Goods enumerated by the said Mr. Webber; but, without Irish or English Wool, the French cannot*work up these Sorts of Goods.

Mr. John Munn said. That, being at Dunkirk on the Third Day of November last, he saw near 2,000 Tod of "Wool landed there out of a Dutch Ship arrived from Amsterdam: which Wool, he said, was landed in the new Harbour, where it was not usual to land Goods*

That the Reason of landing it there, the Examinant apprehended, was to prevent being observed by the English in that Town; and that the said Wool was packed up in Linen, according to the Method used in

packing

V

8 Geo. II. 190 Mar 423

packing tip W ool in England, and was put into Waggons to be carried to Lijle, where there is a Woollen Manufactory established.

The Examinant produced to the Committee a Lock of the said W ool, which he and Mr. Webber positively asserted to be either Englisht or Irish \ but they said, that Wool of the Growth of some Fart of England, being of the same nature with Irish Woo], it was im-polltble to distinguish which of the Two Countries it was the Growth of.

The said Mr. hlunn likewise said. That he had Information, about Two Years ago, from a Correspondent of his at Dunkirk, that several W aggon Loads of English or Irish W ool, had been then lauded there in the Night time.

Upon further Examination he said likewise, That the Manufactory at IJjle was supported by English and Irish Wool, where they made several Sorts of Stuffs and Stockings: That, ns he was informed, a Fund had been raised by the City of St. Omers, for letting up a Woollen Manufactory, in that City, for making Shalloons, Baragons, Sagathu s, Dnroys, Sc. which Manufactory, the Examinant said, within these Three Years lad pod, had urifen to lb considerable a Figure and Improvement, that, to his Knowledge, now almod every Shop in Dunkirk was docked with fume of the Goods made there.

That, at another Town in France called Abbeville, the Examinant said, he saw Six Combers working together upon English or Irish W ool, besides the Factor Royal, w ho was established in that Town: That the Sagathies, Duroys, Tamies, and divers other Species of Goods, had been wrought up there, and several Hales of Baragons had been fold from thence to English Merchants, who had put them on hoard their Ships at St. Talere, in order to carry the same to Spain and Portugal.

Then, iu order to prove that Quantities of Goods, completely manufactured, have been exported from Ireland to foreign Parts,

Mr. John Wenham, Merchant, was examined: Who said. That, in the Year 1 720, he went to Lt/bon, where he fund Seven Years: That, the Fu ll Part of the lime he was there, largo Quantities of Caiublets had b»*en usually imported into Portugal from England: That afterwards Irish Camblets were introduced by degrees, until it became usual to import large Quantities of them, and other Sorts of Woollen Goods; inso much, that when the Examinant left Lisbon, the Norwich Manufactures were then quite out of Use there, because the same Sorts of Goods were brought from Ireland, and fold 10 per Cent, cheaper.

The Examinant likewise said, That he has been informed, That the Method of conveying the Woollen Manufactures on board Ships from Cork, and other Places in Ireland, was this: Several Warehouses are erected near the Sea Shore, in which great Quantities of these Manufactures are put; and though, when Ships clear out of Port, they have none of these Goods on board, yet there are Boats, which lie ready in wait, to convey the said Goods, out of the Warehouses, on board such Ships, when they are run off to Sea, in the Nighttime, or as Opportunity offers; and he said. That there was not a British Ship that came to Lisbon from Ireland, but what had Quantities of the said Manufactures on board.

It also appeared to the Committee, by an Account delivered in to them, transmited from Lisbon, dated the 28th of May lad, and signed Walrave Lodwick, Vice Consul, who certifies the said Account to be a true Copy token from the original Manifetis, that, from May 1733 to the latter End of May 1734, there had been imported into the Port of Lisbon, from Cork in Ireland, Seven Bundles and Four Packs of Goods, One hundred and Nineteen Dozen of Stockings, Forty-four Pieces . Stuffs, Four thousand Nine hundred Thirty-one Pieces of Camblets, and Sixty-four Pieces of Frizes and Ratteens.

The Committee came to the following Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Vol. 22.

That further Provisions are necessary to prevent the clandediue Exportation of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland, and of Woollen Goods completely manufactured from Ireland to foreign Parts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That a most proper Way to prevent the Running of ’Wool from Ireland, will be by encouraging the Importation of Wool, Worded, Woollen, and Bay Yarn* from thence into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That further Encouragement be given to such Persons as shall inform against the Running of Wool out of Great Britain, and of Wool, and Woollen Manufactures, out of Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Part of the Act, passed in the Ninth and Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, which directs, That all Wool, of the Growth of England, shall be regidered in the Counties of Kent and Safer, he extended to all Parts of the united Kingdom, within Ten Miles of the Sea Coads.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Heads for a Bill for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, and of Wool, and Wool manufactured, from Ireland to foreign Parts.

Ordered, That it be an Indruftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to consider of the Duty upon Woollen and Bay Yarn imported from Ireland into England.

Ordered, That the Order of the House, made the Marlborough Twelfth Day of this indant March, for hearing To- E,c^1011-. morrow, at the Bar of this House, the Matter of the Petition of Thomas Newnham and Benjamin Hays Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Marlborough, in the County of Wills, be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House Tomorrow Sevenuight.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Limiting the better securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by Officers in limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Corn- the House. mons: And that Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wortley, Mr. How,

Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Wat kin Williams Wynne, and Sir William Lowther, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Way* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, an£l Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

M r. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee,

That they had come to aResolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumptre have Leave to make a yorfc Motion, it being after Three of the Clock. Building*

And he moved accordingly. Company.

And presented to the House a Petition of the most Noble Edward Duke of Norfolk, George Lord Carpenter, Sir Alexander Murray Baronet, and John Stephens Esquire, Lessors of Lead Mines at Strontian, in North Britain, and Creditors by Specialty of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, in behalf of themselves, and others concerned in the said Mines.

And the said Petition was read; fettirtg forth, That

the.

4H

*9

20° Ma

A.

1734-

the said Company are indebted to the Petitioners in the Sum of Eight thousand Four hundred Sixty-four Pounds Ten Shillings, for Arrears of Rent due at Christmas lad, by virtue of an Indenture bearing Date the 31st Day of fitly 1729; and that, although the said Company’s Estates in England and Scotland are chargeable with the said Debt, yet the said Company, as the Petitioners are informed, have created Bonds, under their common Seal, to a great Value, without any Coirsideration paid for the same; by which, and by other unwarrantable and illegal Practices of the said Company, the Petitioners are in Danger of being defrauded of the said Debt due to them at present, and also all growing Rent, that will become due to them for the future: And therefore praying, That their C&fe may be taken into Consideration, at the same time with that of the other Creditors who have applied to this House for Relief against the said Company; and that they may have such Relief as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Ejlher Crull, Widow, Thomas Mosely, Gilbert de Flines, Anne Finch, Theodore Davell, Mary Bayly, Richard Philips, Philip Dikes, Forbes Wilfoii, Grace Holland, Daniel Cabroll, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Creditors of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings', as also Proprietors of several Parts and Shares of the Stock of the said Company, on behalf of themselves, and others, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Marlborough The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Roads, Reading of the Bill for repairing the Roads from St. Peter's Church in Marlborough, to Sheppards Shord, in the Parish of Bishops Cannings, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Wills;

The Counsel for and against the said Bill were called in:

And the Bill was read a Second time.

And the several Petitions, which were presented to the House against the said Bill, and ordered to lie upon the Table till the Second Reading thereof, were also read:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, and examined several Witnesses, and went through their Evidence.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to Withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel, upon the said Bill, be adjourned till this Day Six Weeks.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Greenwich Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

Hospital. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider the Computation, or Estimate, of the Expence that will be necessary to complete and finish the Building of the Royal Hospital of Greenwich, and the Plan thereof; and also to consider by what means the said Building may be completed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Corn exported from Scotland. '

yovis, 200 die Martii;

Anno 8* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1734. Prayers.

I H E House being informed, that Mr. Tuder,

__ Agent for the Commi{boners of the Customs, in

Scotland, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House/pursuant to their Order, an Account of Corn exported from Scotland from Chrifmas 173310 Chrifmas *7

1734; with an Account of the Bounty paid, or payable, thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Thomas Aston reported from the Committee, to St. Alb whom the Bill for enlarging the Term granted by an M Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways through the several Parishes of St. Michael, St. Alban, St. Peter, Shenley Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex, and for continuing the Powers granted by the said Act; and also by an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Black Bull in Dun* fable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shqfford-house, in the County of Hertford; was’ committed; That the Committee j had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, i and made several Amendments thereunto 5 which they j had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the House, made the 28th Bril Day of January last, for hearing upon Tuesday next, at £led the Bar of this House, the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City, and County of the City, of Bristol, be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be j heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 15th Day of April next, before the Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of York.

Colonel Selzvyn presented to the House, according to Prefer Order, a Bill for rendering the Laws more effectual for punching such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously Turn^ pull down or destroy Turnpikes for repairing Highways; or Locks, or other Works, erected by Act of Parliament, for making Rivers navigable: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from Wr the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was and# referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which Ife read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards.railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Two Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-five, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Dvdmgton^ Sir George Oxenden,

Mr Clayton, Sir William Yonge, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr.

8 Geo. II. 2 o° — 21* Martii.

425

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Scrope, ami Mr. Edward Walpole, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Tor ft r Ordered, That James Carnegie Esquire, be at Liberty

Tuition. f0 withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Shire of Forfar.

Ordeted\ That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be Uncharged from proceeding upon the said Petition.

IVbtort A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the l’rtiuon. SherifTs Ward for the County of Devon, was presented to the Hotife, and read; complaining of their Distrefo: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

toantanncl’i A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the lor tc licit Fhti Year of the Reign of her late Majdiy Queen Anne, utt4‘ intituled, An Act for the Relief of Hannah Macdonnrl, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland; and for enabling Randal M union tie I to fell or incumber the Estate therein mentioned; was n ad n Second time.

lit Jolted, That the Kill be committed to Mr. Sloprr* Mr. Shuttlrzcnrlh, Mr. Sandys, Mr. 11 uric Campbell, Sir James Campbell, Mr. I when p, Sir Fra nets Boynton, Mr. Harley, Mr. Baron, I ord Pelwarth, Sir John II/rut(\J~ ton, Mr. Croule, Mr. /L//‘\ Mr. (luzur, Lord Sidnaj Brand rk, A?r. Cornwall, Mr. Bondi, Mr. I.lord, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Xt dintm, Mr. Harvey, Sir Geo. Beau-rr.nnt, Mr. Turner, Mr. Curxcn, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Thor an, Mr. Waller, Mr. Gyhbrn, Mr. Planter, \lr. Ilolle, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Bra u% don, Mr. Pull met;, Mr. ('after, Mr. Dne.u;.'md. Lord Baltimore, Mr. Fane, Mr. Bonnet, Mr. lit !, Mr. Spencer, Lord Y el So-wrrfef, Mr. Hamilton. Mr. Fd:arJ.>\ Mr. Mo'jhm, Mr. Price, Mr. Chamberlain: And they are to iner t this Afurnojn at f e ul tjic Cluck, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The other Order of the Day bring read;

Well* The House proceeded to t! a* further Hearing rf the Election. Matter of the Petition of Wdliam l\rrsInquire, and George Speke Eh pi ire, complaining of an undue Election and Return lor the City and Borough of Wells, in the County of Somerji (;

And the CYunlel on both Side >* were called in:

And the Counsel lor the Petitioners examined several Witnesses, in order to add to the Pull of the Petitioners several of the Persons named in the additional f.ilr, by them delivered in uj on 7ue/l/uy la0, who offered to vote for the Petitioneis at ti;e f.i:d Election, and were refused:

And an Entry in a Book of the Company of Mercers, N° i, was lead, and a Witness was examined, in order to prove the Quid die at ions of another Person named in the said Lift:

And the Conn ft*! for the Petitioners examined several other-Witnesses, in order ro add to the Poll of the Petitioners several other lYrfoiis named in the said Lift: And an Entry in a Po«.k oi the Company of Hammermen was read, and a Witness was examined, in order to prove the Qualification of another Person named in the said Lift:

And a Witness was examined, in order to prove the Qualifje.it ion of another Person named in the said Lift.

Atid, in order to quality another Person, named in the said Lift, as being the cideft Son of a Freeman of the said City, an Entry in a Book of the Company of Stocking-makers, was read:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners examined a Witness in relation to that Person, and also several other Witnesses in relation to several other Persons named in the said Lift, and went through their Evidence.

Then the Counsel for the Sitting Members were heard; and examined several Witnesses, in answer to the Evidence produced by the Chnulcl for the Petitioners, of the Mayor’s Partiality and Proceedings at the said Election; and also examined ieverai W undies, in order to Vol. 22.

justify the Votes of several Persons nthned in One of the Lifts delivered in, by the Counsel for the Petitioners, upon Tuesday the i ith Day of this infiant March, who voted for the Sitting Members, and were objected to by the Counsel for the Petitioners, as not being entitled to their Freedom in any of the Seven Companies wish.-in the said City, by Birth* Servitude, or Marriage.

Then t he Counsel for the Sitting Members examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify several of the Persons named in a List delivered in, by the Counsel for the Petitioners, upon Thursday lad, who offered to vote for the Petitioners at the said Election, and were refused, and whose Votes the Counsel for the Petitioners had endeavoured to establish.

And they produced a Register Book of the Parish Church of St. Cuthberfs within the said City, an Entry wherein was read, in order to disprove the Evidence of the Qualification of another of the said Persons:

And they examined several other Witnesses, in ordef to disqualify several other Persons named in the said Lift:

And, in order to disqualify one of the said Persons, whose .’ote the Counsel lor the Petitioners had endeavoured to establish, he being the eldeli Son of a Freeman of the said City;

They examined several Witnesses concerning the Title to Freedom, derived from Birth, by eldest Sons* and by inch Sous whole elder Brothers died before the Age of Twenty-one Tears.

And, having also examined several other Witnesses, in order to difquuMy fev< ral cither Persons named in the said Lift, they produced a Charter, granted to the said C.ty by Quern Elizabeth, datrd the 19th Day of July, in 1 lie 31 ft Year of Ik r Reign, and another by King James the Second, datrd the 1 It Day of September, in the 41I1 Year of hi* Reign, and the different Names of Incorporation severally given to the said City, in those C barters, were read; in order to explain an Entry in One of the Convocation Books of the said City, inti-tulrd Liber C, in relation to another Person named in the said Lift, and to invalidate that Evidence of his Qua!.feat ion.

And the* Counsel for the Sitting Members having proceeded to examine fcieral other Witnesses, in order to (hfqtialifv several other Peribnsnamed in the said Lift;

I lie Counsel ou both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition be adjourned till Tuejilay Morning next.

Ami then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 210 die Martii;

Anno 8* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1734. Prayers.

SI R Francis Child presentod to the House, according to Order, a Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church of St. Leonard in Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex: And the* fame* was received; and read the Firsttime. Re/blved, That the Bdl be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Lord Viscount Grimston, of the Kingdom of Ireland, and the several Inhabitants of the Borough of St. Albans,-xw the County of Hertford, be at Liberty to withdraw their Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petitions,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Okehampton, in the County of Devon, in the room of William Xorthmore Esquire/deceased.

5 Q Mr.

Well* Election.

St. Leonard,

Shoreditch

Church.

St. Albans* Election,

Okeharap-tou Writ.

4-2 6

Mf, Choltnley Turner reported from the Committees to whom the Bill for the publick registering of all Deeds* U€CQS|> Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances that shall be of, or that mayaflfecl, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the North Hiding of the County of York, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, end found the same to be true* and had gone through the Bill, and made federal Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Liverpool The House being acquainted, That Thomas Brereton Esquire, One of the Sitting Members for the Borough cd Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, did, on the 18th Day of February iaft, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 6th Day of the same Month, leave with the Clerk of this House his Demand, in Writing, of the Qualification of Fufter Cunlffe Ef-qtiire, One of the Persons alleged to be duly elected for the said Borough, in the Petition of John Cobham, George Dickens, Thomas Summers, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Burgesses of the Borough of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, on behalf of themselves, and divers other Burgetfes of the said Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough; and that the said Mr. Cunlffe had not delivered in to the Clerk any Paper of his Qualification, pursuant to the said Standing Order of the House;

The Demand of the said Qualification; and also the said Standing Order of the House were read.

And the Clerk of the House, being called upon, acquainted the House, That he had not received any particular of the said Mr. Cunlffe's Qualification.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and EJe&ions be discharged from proceeding upon so much of the said Petition, as relates to the said Mr. Cimliffe, he having neglected to comply with the Standing Order of this House, whereby he is required to deliver in his Qualification to the Clerk of this House within Fifteen Days after Demand thereof.

Lethyiih'wl Ordered, ThaJtMr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lejlwithiel, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Philip Lloyd Esquire, deceased.

nd^Tax1 ^*r ^iar^sTurner preferlted to the House, according

11 ax* to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax;, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear 1735: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Un iting Mr. Sandvs presented to the House, according to

’Officers in Order, a Bill (or the better securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the said Hill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

IflaiuU of Rejoiced, That an humble Address be presented to

Bpbauors, his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give c* Directions, That a Copy of the Representation of the

State of Barbadoes, anti the Leeward Caribhee Islands, in America, by the Merchants trading to, and interested 22

A. 1754.

therein, to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, One of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House* as are of his Majesty’s moil honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for Trade and State of Plantations do lay before this House, a Copy of the jgart Representation of their Board, laid before the House al of Lords the 13th Day of February Iaft, relating to the State of the British Islands in America, with regard to their Strength, their Trade, and Fortifications; and to what may be further necessary for the Encouragement and Security of those Islands.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day* For the House Supply Bill; torefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, duties on upon the Bill for granting and continuing the Duties a c* upon Salt, and upon red and white Herrings* for a Term therein mentioned, be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the Northamp-Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Edward Mon- *on I agu Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town and Borough of Northampton, in the County of Northampton.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the said Petition was read.

And the lall Determination of the House, concerning the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Town, made the 26th Day of April, in the x6th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, was read; whereby it was resolved, That the Inhabitants of the Town of Northampton, being Houfholclers, and not receiving Alms, are the proper Electors of Burgestes for that Town; and that the sharing in the charitable Gift, appointed to be distributed at Christmas, is a taking of Alms.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner was heard; and infilling, That the Freemen of the said Town have usually voted at former Elections, submitted it tothe House, whether the said Freemen are excluded by the said Resolution.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member was also heard; and iniifting, That the said Ilesolution has declared the Inhabitants of the said Town, being Householders, and not receiving Alms, to be the proper Electors of BnrgelTes to serve in Parliament for that Town, submitted it to the House, whether the Right of Elec tion is not in them only.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner acquainted the House, That, if it was their Opinion, that the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Town was, by the said Resolution, confined to the Inhabitants thereof, being Housholders, and not receiving Alms, he was not prepared to maintain a Majority of Votes for the Petitioner, and would, in that Cafe, give the House no further Trouble.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Resolved, That the honourable George Compton Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Northampton, in the County of Northampton.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thurston and Mr. Edwards

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to ibe Bill, intituled, An Act punishing to pimilli Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Mutiny and Payment of the Army and their Quarters, without any L,dKiUujl-Amendment: And also,

The

Martii.

c.

8 Geo. II. 21° — 240 Martii. 427

Manner, The Lords have agreed to the BiM intituled, An Act &c.lioads. for repairing the Roads from the Town of Mancfrefier, leading through Newton, Failsworth, and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Auflerlands, in the Parish of Saddlewor/h, in the County of J er/r, without any Amendment: And also,

Tittenfor The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Roads. for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Cueen Anne, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Highways between the Town and Village of Tittenfor, and the most Northern Part of Talk on the Hill, in Butt-lent, in the County of Stafford, without any Amendment.

♦ And then the Mefieugers withdrew.

Greenwich The other Order of the Day being read;

Hospital. Xhe House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider the Computation, or Estimate, of the Expence that will be necessary to complete and finish the Building of the Royal Hospital of Greenwich, and the Plan thereof; and also to consider by what means the said Building may be completed.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Nlr. Thurslon, and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

Me* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for !^tf* veiling the Estates of William For eft er Esquire, and Brook Forester, his Son and Heir apparent, in the County of Salop, in Trustees, to settle the fame, pursuant to an Agreement previous to the Marriage of the said Brook Forester, with Elizabeth his Wife, notwithstanding the Minority of the said Brook Forester: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefieugers withdrew.

1

; I

; Ditto. Ordered, That Sir Thomas Sandcrfbn, have Leave to

make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock.

1 Aud he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second time.

Dnvfut. Ordered, That Sir Charles Wager, have Leave to

water* make a Motion.

foridwl And uloveci the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this ’ House, an Account of what Money has been paid into

‘ the Exchequer, anting from the Rents and Profits of

the la^e Earl of Derivenlwater's Estate.

And then the House adjourned till Monday ! Morning next. N ine of the Clock.

>1

I Lunce,240 die Martii \

Anno 8° Georgii IId» Regis, 1734-Prayers.

Whitby /ORDERED, That all the Barons of the Cinque Pol ls, pjarbuur. an(j ajj ^ie Members that serve for Sea Port Towns, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for lengthening the West Pier of the Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York, and for improving the said Harbour, is committed*

Vojl. 22*

Sir Francis Child reported from the Committee to St. Giles’* whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Roads!

Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from St. Giles's Pound to Killmirn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex; and for the better paving Part of the said Road; vyas committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards \

delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one;

&nd, upon the Queiftion severally put thereupon, were; with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petit ion of the several Prisoners now confined for Debtors Debt in the Sheriffs Ward at Dorche/ler, in the County Petition; of Dorset, in behalf of themselves, and several others, confined for Debt in other Prisons in this Kingdom* was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Supply Bill 5 Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of Land Tax. the Year 1735, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seveunight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Knights of the Shires, and other Members of this House, do prepare Lifts, fairly written; of Commissioners Names for executing the said Act for the refjjeftive Counties, Cities, and Places, for which there have been uled to be Commissioners; and that the Christian and Surnames of the said Commissioners* be written at Length.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker da issue his Warrant to BridgeW'er the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for "Tit; electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough cti Bridgewater, in the County of Somer-Jet, in the room of Thomas Palmer Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Basil Hamilton, Esquire, be at Liberty Dumfries to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Elec- Election, tion and Return for the District of Burghs of Dumfries, Kircudbright, Lochmaben, Annan, and Sanquhar.

Ordered, That the Order of the House, of the Tenth Day of February last, for hearing the Matter of the said Petition at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday thd First Day of April next, he discharged.

Ordered, That Alexander Ferguson Esquire, beat Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an iindui Election and Return for the Shire of Dumfries.

Ordered, That the Order of the House, of the Tenth Day of February last, for hearing the Mattel* of the said Petition at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the First Day of April next, be discharged.

A Message from his Majesty by Sir Charles Dalton, Rovaj Gentleman U flier of the Black Rod: to Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers:

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers:

And being returned:

Mr. Speaker reported, that the IToufe had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: and that his Majest v

’ had

4^8 24 MartiA. 1734.

Itoyal a (Tent had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several to Bills* publ’rck and private Bills following; viz!

An Act to punbh Mutiny and Desertion, and for the N better Payment of the Army and their Quarters:

Atr Act: to indemnify Persons who have omitted to make and subscribe the Declarations contained in the Act of UniformiUvof the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of King Charles the Second, within the time limited by Law, and for allowing further time for doing thereof:

An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Manchester, leading through Nezoton, Failfworlh, and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Aujler-lands, in the Parish of Saddleworlh, in the County of York:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Highways between the d own and Village of Tittenjbr, and the most Northern Part of Talk on the Hill, in Butt-lane, in the County of Stafford:

An Act for enabling the Two younger Sons of John Duke of Rutland\ by Bridget late Dutchess of Rutland, and their respective Children, Progeny, and llfue, to take and nfe the Surname of Sutton, pursuant to the Will of Robert Lord Lexington, deceased, and in such manner as is therein mentioned:

An Act to enable John Child Esquire, commonly called Lord Cajllemain, and the Heirs of his Body, and such other Persons, who, by virtue of a Settlement made by Frederick Tylney Esquire, deceufed, shall be in Pofi'eftion oft lie Eft at.es therein limited, to take and use the Surname of Tylney.

Preservation A Bill for rendering the Laws more effectual for pu^ x °* nishing such Persons as shall wilfullyand maliciously de-JUZkeS' ftroyri, wrnl)ike*s for ^pairing Highways; or Locks, or other Works, erected, by Act of Parliament, for making Rivers navigable, was read a Second.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Sel-zvyn, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Hay, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Drum-montl, Mr. Brudencl, Sir Geo. Caff call, Mr. Andrews, Lord Vere Beauclerk, Sir Wm. Stapleton, Sir Justiman Jsham, Mr. Hume. Campbell, Mr. Mackioorlh Praed, Lord Gage, Lord Sid. Beauclerk, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Thomas Lyttleton, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Clay- ton, Mr. Earle, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Barrel, Sir James

Grant, Mr. Mojlyn, Sirjohn Hind Cotton, Mr. Bacon, Lord Pohoarth, Mr. Hunger ford, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Curzon, Lord Nod Some*Jet, Mr. York, Mr. Lockzvood, Mr. Gybbon, Sir John Barnard; and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Worcester, Hereford, and South Wales: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Greenwich Sir Charles Turner, according to order, reported from

Boipital. the Committee oflhe whole house, to whom it was referred to consider the Computation, or Estimate, of the Expence that will be necessary to complete and finiili the Building of the Royal Mospital of Greenwich, and the Plan thereof, and also toconsiderby what means the said Building may be completed, the Kesolution vviiieh the Committee had directed him to report to the House g which be read in his Elace, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s'fable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Building of the Royal Hospital of Greenwich ought to be linished and completed.

The said Kesolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contvadiccnte, That the Housedoth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Building of the Royal Hospital of Greenwich ought to be iimilled and completed.

The House being informed, that Mr. Chocke, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door 5

He was called in; and at the Bar presented to the Derwent* House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what ’s Money has been paid into the Exchequer, anting from Ltiai^ the Rents and Profits of the late Earl of Derivenlzcaters Eft ate.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows, viz. '

To the honourable the Knights, Citizen«»> and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An Account of w hat Money has been paid into the

Exchequer, arising from the Rents and Profits of the?

late Earl of Derwentwatcrys Estate.

There has been paid into the Exchequer, upon the Rents and £. d.

Profits aforesaid, the Sum of - 7,182 13 —

Exchequer, 24th March 1734.

Alexander Chocke.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Exportatiort resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to of Wool, consider of Heads for a Bill for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, and of Wool, and Woo! manufactured* from Ireland to foreign Parts;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the several Petitions, complaining of the unlawful Exportation of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland; and of Woollen Goods completely manufactured from Ireland to foreign Countries, were referred, be referred to this Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Woollen and Bay Yarn has been imported into England from Ireland, from Chrijhnas 1715 to Christmas 1729 , distinguiiliing each Year; which was presented to the House the 25th Day of March 1731; be referred to this Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Duty paid for.

Woollen or Bay Yarn, imported from Ireland from Christmas, 1715 to Christmas 1729; dillinguishing each Year; and how the same stands appropriated; which was presented to the House the 25th Day of March 1731, be referred to this Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Wool has been imported into England from Ireland, from Chrijhnas 1715 to Christmas 1729; dillinguishing each Year; which was presented to the House the 2,5th Dajr of March 1731; he referred to this Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee;

That they had made some Progress in the Matters to them referred; and that lie was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Cothmittee of the whole House to consider further of Heads for a Bill for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, and of Wool, and Wool-manufactured, from Ireland to foreign Parts.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesfday Supply Hill next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting bdl* and continuing the Duties upon £alt, and upon red and white Herrings, for a Form therein mentioned.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Launceston That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Election. Elections, touching the Election and Return for the Borough of Dunhevid, alias Launceston, in the County of Cornwall, be now received;

The*

8 Geo. II.

2 40 — 25 0 M

429

1

The House divided.

The Yeas w ent forth.

Tellere for the Yeas, } 109.

Tellers for the Noes, } 6,.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Earle, accordingly, reported from the said Committee, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the said Election and Return, and the Resolutious of the Committee thereupon; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and the Report and Resolutions are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir William Irby Baronet, complaining of an undue Kitction and Return of the honourable John King Esquire, now Lord King, to serve for the Borough of Dunhexid\ alias Launceston, in the County of Cornu all:

The Committee have examined the Merits of this Election.

The Counsel for the Petitioner insisted, That this is an ancient Borough by Prescripiion, as appears by the Charter of King Philip and Queen Mary, dated 15th February, in the Second and Third Year of their Reign; which grants, That the Borough or Town of Dunhevid, alias Launceston, shall be, and remain for ever thereafter, a free Borough; and creates the Burgctlcs thereof a Body Corporate and Politic, by tire Name ot tire Mayor and Commonalty of the Borough of Dunhevid, alias Launceston; and grants to them, and their Successors, together with the Aldermen of the said Borough, for tiro Time being, or tire major Part thereof, a Power to cleft, and admit, so many, and such of the more discreet, prudent, and quiet. Men, and Inhabitants, of the said Borough, to be Burgesses and Freemen of the said Borough, as shall fresh to them to be necessary and fit, from time to time, with Power to remove, for Offences committed within the said Borough, and, in their stead, to admit other Inhabitants, at their Discretion.

And the Counsel for tire Petitioner infilling. That the Aldermen ought to be elected out of the legal Freemen of tire said Borough;

The Committee came to the following Resolution:

Refold'd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Aldermen of the Borough of Dunhevid', alias Launceston, in the County of Cornu al/, ought to be elected out of the legal Freemen of the said Bo lough omy.

Then the last Detei miii ition of the House of Commons was read, dated 17 Man It 1723; viz.

Resolved, That the Right of Flection of Burgctlcs to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Dunhevid, alias iMunceston, in the County of CornualI, is in die Mayor, Aldermen, and Freemen, being Inhabitants at the time when they were made free, and not receiving Pay of the Parish.

And the said Resolution being made final, by the Act 2* Georgii 2Jl, Ca. 24, whereby it is enacted, That such Votes shall be deemed to be legal, which have, been so declared by the last Determination in the House of Commons, and shall he final to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any LTage to the contrary notwithstanding;

The Counsel for Sir Ji m. Irby called

Richard Midland: Who delivered a Copy of the Poll from the Mayor, and proved the same to be a true Copy; by which it appeared,

f The honourable John I

That the Votes were, for < King Esquire -,) '

t Sir D m. Irby Baronet 29.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner, Sir Dm. Irby, alleging, That Six of the Voters for the honourable John King Esquire were not inhabitants w ithin the Meaning of the Resolution that settles the Right of Election for the said Borough, called D m. Stokes: Who gave Evidence, That he had known Hugh Piper Esquire from Six Years of Age; and that he was born in 1671: That he was brought up at Plymouth, under the Care of one Mr. Piper; Vol. 22.

and never lived within the Town or Borough of Dunhevid, Layncefton alias Launceston. Election.

Abraham Deaken said, That he had know n Launceston 74 Years: That be has known Hugh Piper Esquire, 50 Yearsand that he never lived a Week, to his Knowledge, in Launceston.

D m. Stokes also gave Evidence, That he had known John Roberts and Richard Blight above 30 Years: That Roberts never was an Inhabitant, or Housekeeper, within the said Borough: Thai he was foijie time Uiher to a School, and lived here and there, w here he could; and that, at the time he was made free, he was Curate at North hillr Six Miles from the Borough And that Blight lived in Launceston as a Servant, and never was a Matter and Housekeeper when made tree: That he know s John Roberts: That he was a llackncy Writer to Mr. Lyne, an Attorney: That lie came into the Town about 30 Years ajjo: That he was not a Housekeeper at the time of his being made free:

And Jilfo gave Evidence, That he has known Edmund Cheney in lutunctsion 15 or 16 Years: That he was not a Housekeeper at the time of his being made free, but was supported, and lived, by the Charity of his Father-in-law:

That he also knew Arthur Lau rence, another Voter:

That he servetl as a Clerk with Mr. Lyne aforesaid, and afterwards lived at Bodmy n, and there kept a Chamber, to follow his Practice.

No Counsel appearing to support the Election and Return of the honourable John King Esquire;

The Counsel for Sir I I'm. Irby alleged, That they had given Evidence to dilq iulify Six of the Voters on the Poll for the honourable John King, and thereby a Majority of Five appeared on the Petitioner s Poll.

Upon which the Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the honourable John King Esquire, now Lord King, was not duly elected a Burgcls to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dunhevid, alias Launceston, in the County of Cormcall.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sir Dilliam Irby Baronet is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dunhevid, alias Launceston, in the County of Cornwall.

The said Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tommorrow' Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Dunhevid, alias Launceston, in the County of Cornwall, by rafing out the Name of the honourable John King Esquire, and inserting the Name of Sir D illiam Irby Baronet instead thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 50 dieMartii; Anno 8* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1735-Prayers.

THE Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, ac- Launrcfttm cording to Order, amended the Return for the Return Borough of Dunhevid, alias Launceston, in the County amended, of Cornwall.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estates of William Forester Esquire, and Brook Forester his Son and Heir apparent, in the County of Salop, in Trustees, to settle the fame, pursuant to an Agreement previous to the Marriage of the said Brook Forester with Elizabeth his Wife, notwithstanding the Minority of the said Brook Forester, was read a Second time.

5 R

Resolved

Forester'i

Estate.

L

m

Supply Bill; Sinking Fund.

St. Leonard, Shoreditch Church.

St.James,&c.

Westminster

nightly

Watch.

Well*

?lection.

430

250 Ma

4- 1755'

Refohedy That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brereton, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Kinaston, Sir Rickard Corbet, Mr. Turner, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Walker, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Copleston, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Haddock, Mr. Treby, Lord Tyrcomell, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Grove, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Sloper, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir /tfwes Campbell, Sir Roger Burgoyne, Sir JRow/. Alston, Sir John Shelly, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Far, Mr. Bigot, Colonel Handafyde, Mr. Oa>ew, Mr. Corbet, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Baron Birch, Sir Geo. Oxendoii, Mr. Cai'michael, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Ord, Mr. Lawton, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Lister, Mr. Gore, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Thomas Aston, Mr. Polhill, Mr, Hay, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Onslow, Lord Bairimore, Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Letchmere, Mr. Laroch, Lord Charles Cavendish, Colonel Stewart, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Conduit, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Carter, Mr. Chetwynd; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Salop and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling his Majesty to apply the Sum of One Million, out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-five, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling his Majesty to apply the Sum of One Million, out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-five.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church of St. Leonard, in Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Child, Mr. Turner, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Bacon, Colonel Townshend, Mr. Watts, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Stewart, Lord Tyrcmntl, Sir Rowland Alston, Mr. Polhill, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Haddock, Sir John Shelly, Sir James Grant, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Lawton, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Charles Cavendish, Mr. Forester, Mr. Hales, Mr. Leheup, Lord Vere Beauclerk, Lord Sid. Beauclerk, Mr. Lockyer, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Finch, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Justinian Isham, Mr. Harley, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Price, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr. Longueville, Mn Robert Harley, Mr. Gore, Mr Lister, Mr Harvey, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Yates, Mr. Devereux, Mr. Edwards, Sir Thomas Aston, Mr. Baron Birch, Mr. Treby, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Parker, Lord Barrimore, Mr. Clayton, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Onslow, Sir C. Firebrace; and all the Members that serve for the County of Middlesex, and City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

The Lord Tyrconnel presented to the House, according to Order, a Billfor the better regulating the nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the Two Parishes of St. James, and St. George, Hanover Square, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of William Piers Esquire, and George Speke Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City and Borough of Wells, in the County of Somerset.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Members examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify several Persons, named in the additional' Lift delivered in by the Counsel 24

for the Petitioners upon Tuefdqy last, who offered to vote for the Petitioners, at the said Election, and were refused, and whom the Counsel for the Petitioners had endeavoured to add to their Poll.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Members having delivered in a List, containing the Names of fevered Persons, who voted for the Petitioners at the said Elefrion;

The Indenture of Apprenticeship of One of the said Persons was produced, and read; and a Witness was examined; and an Entry in a Book of the Company of Stocking-makers, relating to the time of the Ad million of that Person to his Freedom, was read; in order to disqualify him:

And several Witnesses were examined, in order to disqualify several other Persons, named in the said Lift:

And an Entry in a Book of the Company of Hammermen was read, in order to disqualify another Person, named in the said Lift, as being distnified from the said Company:

And several Witnesses were examined, in order to disqualify several other Persons named in the said Lift:

And an Entry in a Book of the Company of Stockidg-makers was read, and a Witness was examined, in order to disqualify another Person, named in the said Lift:

And several Witnesses were examined, in order to disqualify several other Persons, named in the said Lift:

And a Witness having been examined, in order to disqualify another Person, named in the said Lift, who first asserted his Qualification upon Oath, at the said Election;

The Counsel for the Sitting Members examined that Witness also, as to the Occasion of the Oath tendered to the Electors; and then proceeded to examine several Witnesses, in order to disqualify the rest of the Persons /named in the said Lift:

And having delivered in a List, containing the Names of several Persons, who offered to vote for the Sitting Members at the said Election, and were refused by the Mayor, they examined several Witnesses, in order to add those Persons to the Poll of the Sitting Members.

And then the Counsel for the Sitting Members summed up their Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, by w ay of Reply; and examined several Witnesses, in order to justify several of the Votes objected to by the CoGnfel for the Sitting Members, and to disqualify several of the Persons whom the Counsel for the Sitting Members had endeavoured to add to their Poll:

And they also examined a Witness, in order to confirm the Evidence given by One of the Witnesses, whom the Counsel for the Sitting Members had endeavoured to dilbredit:

And they examined another Witness, in order to dif-credit One of the Witnesses who had been examined by the Counsel for the Sitting Members:

And they produced a Book of the Inrolment of Freemen, an Entry wherein was read, in order to prove, that several Persons, whom the Counsel for the Sitting Members had endeavoured to disqualify, as having no Title to their Freedom, but by their Servitude to Gardeners, were allowed, and received, as Freemen of the said City, by an Order of the Mayor, Masters, and Burgesses thereof, in Common Council assembled.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners finished their Reply.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Members were heard, in Answer to Part of the Evidence produced by the Counsel for the Petitioners, in their Reply.

To which Answer, the Counsel for the Petitioners replied.

And then the Counsel on both Side9 were directed to withdraw*.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the honourable George Hamilton Esquire, is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Wells, in the County of Somerset;

Mr.

Well*

Kledioa*

W«| li Retain tended.

York

of

bttdi, Scc.

Toiler’s

N:ame.

8 Geo. II. 15° — 26° Mirtii.

43*

Mr. Hamilton was heard in his Place.

And then lie withdrew.

And the Questton being put, That the honourable George Hamilton F.squire is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Wells, in the County of Somerset;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for tile Yeas,

Tellers for tltc Noes, } '»

So it passed in Uic Negative.

And a Motion l>eing made, and the Question being proposed, That Thomas Edwards Esquire is duly elc&ed a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Wells, in the County of Somerset;

Mr. Edwards was heard in his Place.

And then he withdrew.

And the Question being put, That Thomas Edwards Esquire is duly defied a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of It'd is, in the County of Somerset;

It paired in the Negative.

Resolved, That // iltiam Piers Esquire is duly defied a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Wells, in the County of Somerset.

Resolved, That George Speke Esquire is duly defied a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of II ells, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clctk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the City of I Veils, in the County of Somerset, by rafmgout the Names of the honourable (leorgc Hamilton Esquire, and Thomas Eduards Esquire, and inferring the Names of William Purs Esquire, and George Speke Esquire, instead thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and bad gone through the Bill, and made ttn Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report m his Place; artd afterwards delivered the Bill, with die Amendment, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BHl for Actions regulating the Proceedings in Actions on the Statute of cu* Hue and Cry: And that the Master of the Rolls, Mr.

Lloyd, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Brarnston, and Mr. Pottnger, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, fhat the Managers appointed to exchange Charitable the fortunate Tickets in the Lottery, for Relief of the Corporation Sufferers in the charitable Corporation, for Certificates, ttery* do lav before this House an Account of the Number of Benefit Tickets in the said Lottery, which were not cluimed on or brfure the Twenty-fifth Day of this iu-stant March, with the Amount of the Value of the fame.

Mr. Shutticworth reported from the Committee, to Ro^da1*' whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from &c# 04 ’ the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, leading over a certain c raggy Mountain, called Blaclcstom Edge, in the feme County; and from thence to the Towns of Halifax and Ealandin the County of York; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the IIoulc; and he read the Report in Ins Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk $ Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mercurii,26° dMartii;

Anno S* Georgii II1' Regis, 1735.

Prayers.

THE Deputy Clerk of the Crown uttending, according to Order, amended the Return lor the City of Wells, in the County of Somerset.

An ingrossed Bill for the public Registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the North Riding of the County of York, w as read the Third rime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the public Registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may aftefi, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the North Riding of the County of York, after the Nine-and-twentieth Day of September 1736.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmly Turner to carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Edgcumbe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable William Toller; now called U Utiam Toller Treffry, Gentleman, and his Issue Male, to take and ule the Surname of Treffry only, pursuant to the Deed of Settlement of John Treffry Esquire, deceased, was committed, and to whom the Petition ot Richard Treffry was referred, That the Committee had heard the Petitioner, against the said Bill, by his Counsel *, and uad also heard Couofel for the Bill; and that the ConUnittQe Vojl. 22.

Mr. IVirmington presented to the House, according to Copyright Order, a Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed of TPn?!e<* in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty 00 Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Learning, by vesting the Copies of printed Books in the Authors or rurchafers of such Copies, during the Times therein mentioned: And the feme was received; and read the Eirft time.

Rejoiced., That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Report from (he Committee, to Privilege whom the Copy of his Majesty s Warrant, whereby Let- of Franking ters are permitted to pass free from the Duty payable upon Letters* Post letters was referred, be received upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had re- Tamwonh ceived a Letter from the honourable George Compton Writ.

Esquire, signilying, That his Indisposition still confines him at home; and that he being chosen a Burgess for the Town of Northampton, in the County of Northampton, and also a Burgess lor the Borough of Tamworth, in the Counties of Stafford and Warxcick, makes his Elcfiion to serve for the said Town of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iflfue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Tamworth, in the room of the said Air. Compton.

A Petition of the Innholders and Alehouse-keepers of Quartering the City of JYork, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, ^oldiera m w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, or u*' That a Petition was presented to the House, on the Third

Day

.Message

l*efpe6ting

Greenwich

Hospital.

Debtors

Petition.

432 160 Martii. 1735.

Day of this instant March, in the Name of several Innholders and Alehouse-keepers of the City of York, in r behalf of themselves, and others, to which some of the Petitioners did set their Hands, and the Names of others of the Petitioners were set, without their Privity; and representing to the House, That they subscribed the fame, with no other Intention than to obtain the Removal of the Troops then quartered upon them; and without the Knowledge of any Reflexions contained therein, upon any particular Persons3 but, to their great Surprize and Concern, they now find other Clauses in that Petition, amongst other Reflections, highly injurious to, and refleXing upon, Edward Thompson Esquire, One of their Representatives in Parliament, for whom they have the greatest Regard; and in them to be guilty of such a groundiefs Accusatiou, would argue the deepest Ingratitude; and further setting forth, That several of the Petitioners were present, when the said Edward Thompson Esquire made his Speech in the said Petition referred to, which, in their Judgments, was a very proper and just one; and that they did not hear, and are convinced that he did not use, any Expressions to the Essex set forth in the said Petition 3 and disavowing their Knowledge of any Reflections contained in the said Petition, at the time of their Signing thereof, the same not having been'read to or by them, and the Contents thereof not having been made known to them, further than that the same was to remove the Troops then quartered upon them; and several of the Petitioners, who took the said Petition into their Hands, having been refused the Reading thereof, and told, by the Persons who brought it to such of the Petitioners, That it was not proper for them to read; and that they had no Business with it, or to that Essex; and therefore disclaiming every thing contained in the said Petition, other than what tended to the Removing of the Soldiers then quartered upon them: And praying the House to excuse their too easy Credulity and Incautiousness in frgning the fame; and- to look upon those who have imposed* on them as the Persons only blameable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Innholders and Alehouse-keepers of the City of Yw'k, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and several Hundred other Citizens of the said City, is referred.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That he had a Message to this House, signed by his Majesty: And he presented the same to the House: And it was read by Mr. Speaker; and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty having taken Notice, That the Hospital at Greenwich is not yet completed; and being very sensible of the Usefulness of finishing that Building, for the Reception of a further Number of Seamen worn out, and become decrepit, in the Service of their Country; recommends it to the Consideration of this House, to make some Provision for the perfeXing a Work, which is fc much to the Honour of the Kingdom, and has already received frequent Marks of the Regard of the House of Commons, to so good and national a Design.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take his Majesty s said gracious Message into Consideration.

A Petition of the several Prisoners confined for Debt in lvelchester Gaol, in the County of Somerset, in behalf of themselves, and Thousands more in the several Prisons in this Kingdom, and of such others who have fled to other Countries, for fear of Arrest, and a miserable Confinement for Life, who are willing to surrender up their All, in Discharge of their Debts, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress, and of the DefeXs of the AX for Relief of Debtors, with respex to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and of the ill Consequences of the Fear of Arrest, and Imprisonment for Life: And therefore praying a Remedy.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting, and continuing, the Duties, upon Salt, and upon Red and White Herrings, for a Term therein mentioned;

Ordered, That it be an InstruXion to the said Committee; That they have Power to receive a Clause, to remove some Dbubts and Disputes which have arisen upon a Clause in an Act of Parliament, passed in the First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for preventing Frauds in the Duties upon Salt, relating to Rock Salt refined, and made into W'hite Sait, in any Place or Places within Ten Miles Distance of the respective Pit or Pits, from whence such Rock Salt shall be taken.

Ordered, That it be an InstruXion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an InstruXion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, for giving further Time for Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties omitted to be paid for their Indentures and ContraXs.

Ordered, That it be an InstruXion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for the more effectual preventing the using foreign Salt delivered over for curing Filli Duty-free, to or for any other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow' Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to render more efteXual an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better preventing fresh Fish, taken by Foreigners, being imported into this Kingdom, and for the Preservation of the Fry of Fish; and for giving Leave to import Lobsters and Turbots in foreign Bottoms; and for the better Preservation of Salmon within several Rivers in that Part of this Kingdom called England;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill,

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the better securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being f>ut, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Ttiefday Morning next;

The House divided:

The Yeas went forth:

Teller* for the Yeas, }

Tellers for heNoes, jj} >73-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Heads for a Bill for the more ef-

feXual

Supply Bill; Duties on Salt, be.

Importation of Fish, &c.

Limiting Officers in the House.

Exportation of Wool,

Glttoo

Writ.

Stab: of Amen an Illiudi.

Protestant

Pimtufert

of Kltites

la Jem oity.

York

Buildings

Company.

8 Geo. II.

26* — 27* Martii.

fcSu«l preventing tfe BxpwteUpo <rf Vfael from Great Britain, and of Wool, %nd Wool pis&ufuQurcd, from Ireland, to foreign Parts.

And then the House acljpurn^d 'To-njorrow Morning, Niue of tb? Clpcfc-

Jovis, 27° 4k Martjj;

Anno 8# Georgii lldi Regis, 1735.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do iflqe his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Gattoii, in the County of Surrey, in the room of Paul Doeminique Esquire, deceased.

Colonel Bladen, from the Committee for Trade and Plantations, pi dented to the House, pursuant to th$ir Order, a Copy of the ReprcJcntation from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to the House of Lords, pursuant to his Majestys Orders, ujkhi their Adresses of the First and Filth of April 1734, redating to the State of the British I (lands in America, with regard to their Trade, their Strength, and Fortifications, and to what may be further necessary for the Encouragement of their Trade, and Security, of those Islands; as likewise to such Encouragements as may be necessary to engage the Inhabitants of the liritish Colonies on the Continent, in America, to apply their Iiuluftry to the Cultivation of Naval Stores of all kinds, and of such other Produ£b as may be proper for the Soil of the said Colonies, and do uot interfere with the Trade or Produce of Great Britain.

And the* Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perufid by the Members of the House.

The said Copy is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Sandys presented to the House, according to Order, a hill to indemnify Protestant Purchasers of Estates of Pnpifts against the Penalties or Forfeitures Pa-picts are liable to, (or not regifteiing their Estates, or for not having inrolled the fame, in pursuance of the AOs of the First and Third Years of King George the First, for that Purpv.de: And the fume was received; and read the First timr.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Colonel Samuel Horsey, late Governor of the York Buildings Company, in behalf of himself, and his Son Jerom Horsey, late one of the Assistants of the said Company, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That though the Petitioner is a considerable Creditor of the said Company, not only for very large Sums, for which he stands engaged and bound for the Company, to the Amount of Twenty thousand Pounds, anil upwards, but a)lb for other Demands; and is a very great Sufferer, by being a constant Proprietor of large Quantities of the Company's Stock, through all the great Variations of it, without taking any Advantage thereby while he was endeavouring to settle the Company upon a solid Foot; yet the Governor and Assistants thereof have commenced a Suit for Fifty thousand Pounds, and filed a Bill in Chancery against him; in Breach of their Promise of referring his Accounts to Arbitation; and have also commenced an Action for Five thousand Pounds against his Son Jerome Horsey, who, being One of the late Assistants of the said Company, was particularly employed by them to lbperintend their Lead-mines at Sirontian, although, as appeared by the Minute Books of the Court of Assistants, he had passed the most Part of his Accounts with the Company, and has left the remaining Accounts, which are not passed, together with the Vouchers for the same, in the Hands of the Company1s Secretary; by which it appears, there is a large Balance due to him from Vox.. 22.

433

the Company; and that the Petitioner, and his Son, desire that their Accounts with the Company may be adjusted, so as to prevent that unnecessary Expence and Delay, which will be a Prejudice to the Company, and de-flrufrive to the Petitioner and his Family: And therefore praying, That his and his Son's particular same may be takfcn into Consideration, at the feme time with that of the other Petitioners, who have applied to this House for Relief against the said Company; and that they may have such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Esther Crull, Widow, Thomas Mofelty, Gilbert dc Flines,

Anne Finch, Theodore DavcIL, Mary Bayly, Richard Phillips, Philip Dikes, Forbes IVdjon, Grace Holland,

DanielCabroll’ and others, whole Names arc thereunto lub-feribed, Creditors of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raffing the Thames Water in York Buildings, as also Proprietors of several Parts and Shares of the Stock of the said Company, on behalf of themselves, and others, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Mardonncl's Heathcote, Mr. Tower, Lord Barrymore, Mr. Laroche, forfeited

Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Holland, Mr. Taylor, Lord Tyr- Elu*es* connel, Mr. White, and Mr. Peter Campbell, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an AQ, made in the First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Awic, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Hannah Macdomel, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland; and for enabling llandal Macdonnel Esquire to fell or incumber the Estate therein mentioned; is committed.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to Hunnin&lan* whom tire ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An inclosure. Act for incloting tire Common Fields, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of llunningham, alias Honingham, in the County of f Farit ick, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of tire Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report tire same to tire House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at tire Clerk’s Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without airy Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Rochdale, Consideration tire Report from the Committee, to whom p*c. the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the *oa Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, leading over a certain craggy Mountain, called Blackstone Edge, in the same County, and from thence to the Towns of Halifax and Ealand, in the County of York, was committed, be now read:

And tire same being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the said Committee, to tire said Bill, were once read throughout: and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by tire House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted/

Mr. Blacket presented to the House, according to Or- Newcafth? der, a Bill for enlightening the Streets, and keeping a upon Tyne strong and regular Watch within the Walls of the Town blreet5' &c. and County of Newcastle upon Tyne: And the same was received; and read tire First time. ’

Resolved, That tb6 Bill, be read a Second time,

5 S Mr.

Answer to Address.

St. Albans Hoads.

Hail of Sea-forth’s Disability by Attainder.

Supply Bill j duties on Salt.

Charitable

Corporation

Lottery.

434

2 70 Martii. 1735.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Friday last, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, That a Copy of the Representation of the State of Barbadoes and the Leeward Cavibbee Islands, in America, by the Merchants trading to and interested therein, to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle One of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

An ingrossed | Bill for enlarging the Term granted by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the "Highways through the several Parifttes of St. Michael, St. Alban, St. Peter, Shenley Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex; and for continuing the Powers granted by the said Act, and also by an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Black Bull in Dunstable, in the County oiBedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Sh afford-house, in the County of Hertford; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing, and making more effectual, an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways through the several Parishes of St. Michael, St. Alban, St. Peter, Shenley Ridge, and South Mims in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex; and for continuing the Commissioners authorized to put the said Act in Execution.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Aston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Forbes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable William Mackenzie, late Earl of Sea forth to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by Reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter descend or come to him: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and White Herrings, for a Term therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill: and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where die Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed, that Mr. Jones, from the Managers appointed to exchange the fortunate Tickets in the Lottery, for Relief of the Sufferers in the Charitable Corporation, for Certificates, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Number of Benefit Ticketsin the Charitable Corporation Lottery, which were not claimed on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of this instant March: with the Amount of the Value of the fame.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses> in Parliament assembled;

An Account of the Number of Benefit Tickets in the Charitable Corporation Lottery, which were not claimed on or before the 25th Day of this instan March; with the Amount of the Value of the fame. Number of Tickets, 238, Value £. 2,720,

Presented 27th of March 17 35, M. Frecker,

by W. Walmesley,

Thomas Jones, Secretary F. Gajliry,

to the Charitable Cor- /. Wight,

poration Lottery. J. Barman.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill to enable William Toller, now called Toller’s William Toller Trcffry, Gentleman, and his Issue Male, ^amc* to take and use the Surname of Treffry only, pursuant to the Deed of Settlement of John Treffry Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Prels 2. L. 1. After " Excellent," insert Majesty."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable William Toller, now called William Toller Treffry, Gentleman, and his Ifl’ue Male, to take and use the Surname of Treffry only, pursuant to the Deed of Settlement of John Treffry Esquire, deceased Ordered, That Mr. Edgcombe do carry the Bih to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider Poor Laws, the Laws in being relating to the Maintenance and Settlement of the Poor; and to consider what further Provisions may be necessary for their better Relief and Employment:

And it is referred to Mr. Hay, Lord Gage, Mr. Rolle,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bladen, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Harley, Mr. Bramston, Sir Thomas Lyttelton, Mr. Cholmley Turner, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Whitworth,

Sir James Ferguson, Mr. Treby, Mr. Loclcyer, Lord Tyrconnell, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr.

Watts, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Willimott, Sir John Barnard, Sir, James Campbell, Mr. Bennet, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Speke, Mr. Shuttlavorth,

Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Lister, Mr. Drummond, Sir Walter Bagott, Lord Fere Beauclerk, Mr. Pelham,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Thomas Tower,

Mr. Talbot, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Watk.

Wins. Wynne, Lord Sid. Beauclerk, Mr. Earle, Mr.

Rawl. Earle, Mr. Boone, Mr. Alderman Fere, Mr.

Planter, Mr. Gore, Mr. May, Mr. Rowney, Lord Noel Somerset, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Waller, Sir Jof. Pennington, Sir Cordell Firebrafs, Mr. Alderman Champion, Mr. Polhill; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And all that come are to have Voices. And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas Bennet and Mr. Burroughs:

O

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for j)yke,g veiling an undivided Moiety of divers Lands and Here- Estate. ditaments in the Counties of Oxon and Kent, the Estate of Elizabeth Dyke, an Infant, in Edward Dyke Esquire, and his Heirs, in Exchange for his undivided Moiety of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Somerset and Devon: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The

tftflbo-

roogh

cdion.

8 Geo. II.

2 7° — 28°

435

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Thomas Newnham and Benjamin Hayes Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Marlborough, in the County of

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in:

And the said Petition was read:

And the last Determination of the House, made the 13th Day of May 1717, concerning the Right of Election of Members to lerve in Parliament for the said Borough, which was thereby resolved to be in the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough only, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard; and haring produced a Copy of the Poll taken at the said Election, they offered to produce Evidence, in order to disqualify Eleven Burgesses of the said Borough, who voted at the said Elcflion, by controverting the Elleftion of Edu ard lkll, One of the Common-council-mcn of the said Borough and Town, on which the Right of Election of those Burgesses depended.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Members having objected to the Admission of that Evidence, as contradicting a Verdict and Judgment given in favour of the said Edu ard Belt's Claim, u)>on an Information, in the nature of a Quo Warranto, brought against him, for exercising the Office of One of the Common-council-men of the said Borough and Town;

A Copy of the Record of the Cud Information, Verdict, and Judgment, was produced, and read:

And Copies of several Rules of the Court of Kings Bench, made in that Cuufe, were also produced, and read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, in Answer to the Objection made b\ the Counsel for the Sitting Members; and alleged, That a Writ of Error upon the said Judgment was now |>cndingin Parliament; which the Counsel for the Sitting Members admitted.

And the Resolution of the House, made the Eighth Day of February, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, That Thomas Smith, who was, about Michaelmas 1707, chosen Bail iff of the Borough o t Beu dley, in the County of Worcester, and against whom an Information in the nature of a Quo U arranto, had been brought, and for whom Judgment had been given thereuj>on, was not rightful Bailiff of the said Borough, at the time of the Election of a Burgess to serve in the Parliament then assembled, w as read:

And the Journal of the House, of the 15th and 17th Days of April, was also read, in relation to the Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Sir Jeremy Vanacker Sambroke Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Queenborough, in the County of Kent; by which Counsel several Records of the Court of King’s Bench, of Judgments, upon Informations, in the nature of Quo Ifarrantos, brought against several Persons, for claiming to be, and oCting as, Burgesses of the said Borough, and against the Mayor, and others, Bailiffs and Jurats, of the said Borough, for exercising the Power of electing, swearing, and admitting, Burgesses, without the Afient of the free Burgesses, were produced, in order to disqualify some Persons who voted for the Sitting Member, Mr. Evans.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Members having replied to the Answer made to their OhjeClion;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to w ithdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Counsel for the Petitioners be admitted to give Evidence, to controvert the Election of Edu ard Bell to be One of the Common-council of the Borough and Tow n of Marlborough, in Contradiction to a Verdict obtained, and a Judgment given, upon an Information, in the nature of a Quo Warranto, brought against the said Edward Belli which Verdict and Judgment are for the said Edward Bell, in favour of his Claim to be One of the Common-council of the said Borough and Town; Vol. 22.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inferring after the Word f< to," and before 0 the Word " controvert/1 thele Words " disqualify the " Votes of Eleven Burgesses of the Borough and Town " of Marlborough, by:11

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment w as proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " controvert/’ and inferring the Word "controverting/1 instead thereof:

And the Question being put, That the Word " coutrovert," stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " con* il troverting," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inferring, after the Word " the,11 and before the Word " Borough," the Word " said

And the Question being put, That the Word " said,*r be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question, so amended, being put, That the Counsel for the Petitioners be admitted Xo give Evidence to disqualify the Votes of Eleven Burgesses of the Borough and Town of Marlborough, by controverting the Election of Edu ard Bell to be One of the Common-council of the said Borough and Town of Marlborough, in Contradiction to a Verdict obtained, and a Judgment given, upon an Information, in the nature of a Quo I far-ranto, brought against the said Eduard Bell; which Verdict and Judgment are for the said Edward Beil, in favour of his Claim to be One of the Common-council of the said. Borough and Town;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

} .7-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Counsel on both Sides were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And then they were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 28° die Martii;

Anno 8° Cieorgii IIdiRegis, 1735.

Prayers.

AP E TI TIO N of the Burgesses, and Aflifiants of St< Jamel the Burgess Court, of Westminster, and of the In- Westminster habitants of the Tw o Pai ifhes of St. James, and St. George, n ightly

Hanover-square, within the Liberty of Westminster, whole -Watch, &c. Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many other of the Inhabitants there, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That by the ancient Usage and Customs of the said City and Liberty, which were perpetuated by an Act of Parliament, passed in the 27th Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the good Government of the City and Borough of Westminster, the Appointment and Regulation of the Nightly Watch and Beadles have been, time out of mind, in the Burgess Court held under the Dean and Chapter of Westminster; and the Assessments for the maintaining such Watch have been constantly made in a moderate and ealy Method, and the Monies arising thereby regularly accounted for; and Accounts thereof have been

kept.

43 6 $8° Marfi *735.

kept, for the Inspection and Satisfaction of the Inha-G bitants, in pursuance of certain By-laws, for that Purpose, made by the Dean, High Steward, Burgesses, and Afiiff-ants, of the said Court; and that a Bill is lately brought into this House, for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles in the Two Parishes of St. James, and St. George, Hanover f/uare, within the said Liberty of Westminster; by which the Petitioners apprehend their Rights and Properties will be greatly affected: And therefore praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, before the same do pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the iaid Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a second time; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit. be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.'

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard for the said Bill at the same time.

St. Giles's An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Kilbourn panted by an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Road. Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from St. Giles's Pound to Kilbourn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, and for the better paving Part of the said Road, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from St. Giles's Pound to Kilbourn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, and for paving that Part of the Road called Oxford street.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Child do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

St.James&c. Ordered, That the Bill for the better regulating the

NightlyCr Nightly Watch and Beadles within the Parishes of St. Watch, &c. James, and St. George, Hanover square, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster, be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

York Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of Buildings- Esther Crull, Widow, Thomas Moseley, Gilbert de Flines, Company. j±nne Finch, Theodore Davell, Mary Bayfy, Richard Phillips, Philip Dikes, Forbes Wilson, Grace Holland, Daniel Cabroilr and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Creditors of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, as also Proprietors of several Parts and Shares of the Stock of the said Company, on behalf of themselves, and others, is referred, have Power to report their Proceedings from time to time to the House.

Rochdale, An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road &c. Road*, from the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, leading over a certain craggy Mountain called Blackstone Edge, in the same County, and from thence to the Towns of Half ax and Ealand, in the County of York, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lan-caster, leading over a certain craggy Mountain called Blackstone Edge, in the same County, and from thence to the Towns of Halifax and Ealand, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Skuttleworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Preventing Mr. Dundafs presented to the House, according to Vrongoua Order, a Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed ^cPriif"ninent’ in the Parliament of Scotland in the Year 1701, intituled, Scotland. An Act for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, and against undue Delays in Tryals: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Sir Edmund Bacon of Gillingham reported from the property Committee, to whom the Bill for the Encouragement of Right of the Arts of designing, engraving, and etching, historicaL PnDt?/ *c* and other Prints, by vetting the Properties thereof in the Inventors or Engravers, during the Time therein to b.e mentioned, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and feund the ferae to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments tjiereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he, read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken, into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Cholmley Turner reported from the Committee, to Whitby whom the Bill for lengthening the West Pier of the Har-. Harbour* bour of Whitby, in the County of York; and for improving the said Harbour, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, Common-council-men,

Masters of Vessels, and Mariners, and other Freemen and Inhabitants, of the ancient Town and Port of Sand* zvich, in the County of Kent, whose Names are subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, Freemen and Inha^ bitants of the said Town, was referred; that the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the lrijl, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were once 'read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question, fevprafty pot thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, b$ ingrossed.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Spanift Majesty, That he will be graciously pleated to give Di- DtPredatioi]S reftiens, That there may be laid before this House, Co- ^ad‘’glllh pies of all the Reports made by his Majesty s Commis-faries in Spain, together with Copies or Epctrafts of all Letters and Papers relating thereto; and also what Satisfaction has been obtained for the Subjects of Great Britain, for the many Losses they sustained, by the Depredations of the Spaniards, in Europe, or in the Indies, pursuant to the Second separate Article of the Treaty of Peace, Union, Friendship, and mutual Defence, between the Crowns of Great Britain, France, and Spain, concluded at Seville, on the 9th of November 1729, the laid Treaty having been faithfully and pupftually executed on the Part of Great Britain.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Counsel.

Mr. Plumer according to Order, reported from the Privilege Committee, to whom the Copy of his Majesty’s Warrant, whereby Letters are permitted to pase free from the Duty etlen‘ payable upon Post Letters, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter thereof; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday next, i\t Twelve of the Clock.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to the fur- Marlboro ther Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Thomas Elect01 Newnham and Benjamin Hayes Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Marlborough, in the County of Wilts.

And the -Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And

8 Geo. II. 28° — 31 MartiL 437

And the Counsel for the Petitioners proceeded to give Evidence, in order to disqualify Eleven Bnrgefles of the said Borough and Town, who voted at tlresaid tiled ion.

And the Roll of Orders, and several Books of the said Borough and Town, being produced;

An antient Order, intituled, " How the Common-M council shall be chosen," w as read.

And an Order, made the Second Day of May 1621, intituled, An Order to prevent all Controversies, for tyme to come, about the Election of any Constable, or Cltambcrlcyne, of this Burroogh whereby it is decreed, That, in the Election of those Officers, the Mayor's Voice shall he accounted for Two; was also read:

And an Order, made at the Court of Mor rmo Speech, held the Twenty-fourth Day of September 1652, intituled, An Order how Per ions shall be proposed to be admitted BurgeflV,siM was also read:

And an F.ufry of the Proceedings of the Court of Morrozo Speech, held the 7th Day of November 1720, was also read; relating to the Election of those Eleven Burgesses, whom the Counsel for the Petitioners proposed to distpKiJifv:

And the present Town Clerk of the said Borough, who producer! the said Roll and Books, was examined, in order to explain the said Entry:

And One of the Common-oouncil-men of the said Borough who was present at the Court then held, was examined, as to the Tran fa A ions thereof, and as to the usual Method of electing Bnrgeflc.\% and making Entries offnch Elections:

An an Entry of the Proceedings of the Court of Morrozo Speech, held the 28th Day of June 1723, relating to the Admission of Edward Bell into the Office of One of the Common-council-men of the said Borough and Town, was read:

And an Entry of the Proceeding* of the Court of Morrow Speech, held the 23d Day of June 1721, relating to the Election of the said Edward Bell to the said Office, w as also read:

And a Witness wnsrxamined, as to Edward Bell'* Refufid to net opt the said Office of Common-councilman, upon the said 2 ,d Day of June 1721, and his acting as a Burgrfs till the 28th Day of June 1723, and as to the Proce edings of the Mayor, and Common-council, upon his Claim to he then (worn a Common-eouned-man, and also the Mayor* Right to u casting Vote, and as to the Confiituiinii of the said Borough.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners summed up their Evidence.

And the Counsel for the SittingMembers were heard; and, having produced the Hecoul of the Justices of Nisi Print, before whom the Information, in the Nature of a Quo Warranto, brought against the said Edward Bell for exercising the said Office of a Common-councilman of the said Borough and Town, was tried;

They examined lev end Witnrflcs, in order to prove what the Town Clerk of the said Borough, since deceased, swore at that Tryal, in relation to the said Entries of the Proceedings of the Court of Morrow Sfieech, held the 23d Day of June 1721, and the 28th Day of June 1723; anti what another Person, tince deceased, swore at the said Tryal, in relation to the Mayor’s casting Vote; and, having examined those Witnesses, as to what further pnifed at the said Tryal, they examined another Witness, as to the Proceedings of the said Court of Morrow Speech, held the 23d Dav of June /721, and the 28th Day of June 1723, ail'd as to the Mayors Right to a casting Vote.

And several Entries of the Proceedings of the Court of Morrow Speech, held the Friday before the Fea-ft of St. John Baptist, lGSg, and the 26th Day of September following, were read.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Members summed lip their Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard by way of Reply.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

You 9%

Referred, That Edward Bell was, before the Seventh of November 1729, duly elected and sworn a Common-council-man of the Borough and Town of Marlborough.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That Edward Lijle Esquire is duly defied a Bnrgefo to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Marlborough, in the County of Wills;

Mr. IaJU was heard in his Place;

Aud then lie withdrew.

llefolved, That Edioard Lijle Esquire is dulyelefied a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for tli* Borough of Marlborough in the County of Wilts.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That Francis Seymour Efrptire is duly defied a Borgcfs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Marlborough, in the County of Wilts-,

Mr. Seymour was heard in his Place.

And then he withdrew.

Resolved, That Francis Seymour Efiquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Marlborough, in the County of Wilts.

The other Orders of the Day bring read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Walncfday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole lloufe, to take his Majesty’s gracious Mef-sage, concerning the Hospital at Creemvich inU) Consideration.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hotise, to confuler further of Heads for a Bill for i!ic more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, and of Wool, and W ool manufactured, from Ireland to foreign Parts.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

L una, 310 die Mari it;

Anno 8* Georgii II41 Regis, 1735. Pratkrs.

AN ingrossed Bill for the lengthening the West Pier of the Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York, and for improving the said Harbour, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for lengthening the West Pier of the Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York, and for improving the said Harbour.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmley Turner clo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the most noble James Duke of Chando$, the Right honourable Edward Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, and the Right honourable Henrietta Countess of Oxford and Mortimer, his Wife, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Governor and Company of Undertakers, for railing Thames Water in York Buildings, are julilv indebted 1.0 the Petitioner the Duke of Chandos in the Sum of f. 775, or upwards, for Rent due at Lady-day Iaft, by virtue of an Indenture of Lease, madcto the said Governor and Company, bearing Date the 23d Day of June 1725; and by virtue of One otherlndentureofLeale, madetothem, bearing Date the First Day of August 1725; and, by virtue of the said first-mentioned Indenture, the said Governor and Company are justly indebted to the Petitioners the Earl of Oxford, and the Countess his Wife, in the Sum of £. 1,099 or upwards, for Rent, and other Accounts, due at Lady-day last; and that, as the Petitioners are advised, the said Company’s Estates, in England and Scotland, are

5 T chargeable

Greenwich

Hospital.

Exportation of Wool.

Committee of

Privileges.

Whitby

Harbour,

York

Buildings

Company.

438 3'i° Martii.A. 1735*

chargeable with the said Debts, yet the said Company, as the Petitioners are informed, have created Ponds, tinder their common Seal, to a great Value, without any Consideration paid for the same; by which, and by other Practices of the said Company, 1 he Petitioners are likely to be defrauded of the said Debts, now due to them, and of what shall hereafter grow due by virtue of the said Indentures: Aud therefore praying, That their same may be taken into Consideration at the same time with that of the other Creditors, who have applied to the House for Relief against the said Company.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the.Petition of Ejlher Crull, \V\dow, Thomas Mosely, Gilbert de Flines, Anne Finch, Theodore Da veil, Mary Bayly, Richard Phillips, Philip Dikes, Forbes Wil/bn, Grace Holland, Daniel Cabroll, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Creditors of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, as also Proprietors of several Parts and Shares of the Stock of the said Company, 011 behalf of themselves, and others, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Hi all appear to them to the House.

Debtors^ a Petition of the poor Debtors, confined in the etit qus. Gaol for the City of Norwich, and County of the lame, in behalf of themselves, and of many Thou lands besides, in the several Prisons in the Kingdom, labouring under the like Calamities; and also,

A Petition or the insolvent Debtors, confined in the City Gaol of Exon, in behalf of themselves, and many Thou funds others, in the several Gaols of this Kingdom;

Were severally prefen ted to the House, and read; severally complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Bari of 'A Bill to enable William Mackenzie^ late Earl of Sea-

Seatorth’s forth, to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwith-

Attainder y jading his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his laid Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come 10 him; was read a Second time.

Refulved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House*

R(fbleed, That this House will, uponTharfday Seven-11 ight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Macdo’irel's Mr. Oglcfhorpe reported from the Committee, to Mates wh°in the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Hannah Mc Domiel, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland; and for enabling Randal Mc Donnel Esquire to fell or incumber the Estate therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined and found, that the Orders of the House, concerning Notices to be given, in Ireland, before any private Bill, relating to Estates there be brought in, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bjll, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Narration. Mr. Coster reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of Edward Htyliii Esqliire, Thomas Fane,

Esquire, John Wynn, Waller Hawkjivorlh, Edward Gregory, and Onesiphorus Tyndat, Merchants, on behalf of themselves, and several other Merchants and Traders within the City of Bristol, in behalf of themselves, and others; and also the Petition of the Bailiff,

Burgefi’es, and Freemen, of the Borough of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts; as also of several Land-holders, and Manufacturers in the Clothing Trade, in and near the fame, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; in behalf of themselves, and many others; were referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place J and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read $ and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Allegations of the First Petition:

And, to prove what is alleged therein, the following Witnesses were examined; wz-

James Hardzvicke; Who said. He knows the River Avon; and that it is made navigable from the Bridge at Bath to Milpool, or II carport, below Hanhani s-?nill and Wear; and that there is a sufficient Quantity of Water to extend the said River to or near the Towns of Bradford, Me I kjhant, Lacock, anil other adjacent Towns, in the Counties of'Somerset and Wilts: That the Price of the Carriage of Goods by Land was iron) 20s. to %os. per Ton, according to their different Species, and, by means of the f^ic! Navigation, is now reduced to -is. per Ton; and that the making the said River navigable to the Places aforesaid, would be of great Advantage to the Manufactures of the Clothing Trade] carried on in the said Towns, by reducing the Price of the Carriage thereof, and of the Materials for making such Manufactures, and will also be a means of preserving I

the adjacent Highways.

Nicolas Bavcrjiock said. That he and his Father had furveved the River A von from Bath to Lacock, which is 22 Miles, or thereabouts; a Plan of which he produced to the Committee; and said, That there is Water sufficient to make the said River navigable to Bradford, Melksham^ Lacock, and other adjacent Towns, in the Counties of Somerset and Wills: That they had calculated the Expence thereof, which will amount to 14 or 15,000 Pounds.

The Committee likewise proceeded to take into Consideration the Petition of the Bailiff, Burgesses, and Freemen, of the Borough of Chippenham, in the County of Wills; as also of several Land-holders, and Manufacturers in the Clothing Trade, in and near the fame, in behalf of themselves, and many others.

And, to prove the Allegations thereof, the following Witness was examined; viz.

Nicolas Baverjlock senior: Who. said. That he had surveyed the River Avon from the Bridge at Lacock to the Borough of Chippenham, which is upwards of Five Miles; a Plan of which he laid before the Committee; and that there is a sufficient Quantity of Water to extend the Navigation of the said River to the Borough aforesaid;

That the said Navigation will require Five Locks,

Three Wears, and Four new Cuts, in Length Nine Furlong Two Perch: That he had calculated the Expence thereof, which will amount to £.4,300.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bijl to extend the Navigation of the River AvonArom the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset, to the Borough of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts:

And that Mr. Cosler, Mr. Holland, Sir William [Tyncf-ham. Sir Abraham Elton, General Wade, Mr. tW-drington, Mr. How, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Ix>ng, and Mr. Strangivays Horner, do prepare, and bring jn, the fame.

A Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Copy-righ Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen of prints

Anne, *ook*-

e

Dyke'*

liar.

L Leonard,

Sborrthtch Chore h.

Colonial

fc'ogar

Tr<dc.

8 Geo. II. 3 i0 Mar lit

m*

Anne, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Learning, by vesting the Copies of printed Books in the Authors, or purchasers of such Copies, during the times therein mentioned, was read a Second time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon JYednrfday Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,' upon the said Bill.

Art ingrossed Bill from the Ix>rds, intituled, An Act for vesting an uudividtd Moiety of divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Oxon and Kent, the Ertate ot Elizabeth Dyke, an Infant, in Edward Dyke Esquire, and his Heirs, in Exchange for his undivided Moiety of divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Sumerfcl and Devon, was read the l'irft time.

Jhfolved, Thai the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others. Freeholders, lxafe holders, Lind holders anil Inhabitants, in the Pnriih of A/. laniard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; felting forth, That the Petitioners, and several others, will he very much aggrieved by some CTaufes in the Bill, now depending in tins House. for rebuilding the Parish C hurch of St. Leonard, in Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, in case the same should pass into a Law: And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves, or their ConnlVI, ngainU the said Bill, in such manner as to the Hou.e shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church of Si. laniard, in Shoreditch, in the County of Middle sex, is committed; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard, by their Couufcl, before the said Committee, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That it he an InfiniAion to the said Committee*, That they do admit Counfe! to he heard, at the same time, in fat our of the said Bill, aguiuli the said Petition.

A Petition of the Merchants, and Planters, trading to, and interested in, his Majesty's Sugar Colonies, was presented to the House, atul read; setling forth. That by Two Acts, passed in the i ath and 22d Years of King diaries the Second, the Inhabitants of the said Colonies are rertrained from fending any Sugars to foreign Markets, before they are firli lauded in Great Britain; and that the Sugar Islands, now being in a declining Condition, chiefly by the Increase of the French Settlements, it would be highly beneficial to Great Britain, as the Petitioners apprehend, to put the British Subject in a Capacity of disputing foreign Markets with the French, and to permit him to carry his Sugars earlier and cheaper to these Markets, than he now can do; and that the Sugar Colonies import yearly, into this Kingdom, Sugar enough for our HomeCon-fumption, ami also a large Surplus for Re-exportation to foreign Parts; but that the Demand from abroad has greatly decreased within these few Years; and the Markets for that Commodity have been forestalled by the French, not only to the Prejudice of the Sugar Trade, hut also of the general Trade of Great Britain; and that, if British Ships were permitted to go to foreign Markets, without unloading here, under proper Restrictions, the whole Charge, and, in a great Measure, the Risk of a double Voyage, would be saved; and that the obliging such Ships to return to Great Britain to unload, and take their Clearance here, before their proceeding on another American Voyage, would be attended with this farther good Effect, that they xnuft afford to carry Freight at the cheapest Rates, or return home empty; so that this Regulation, as the Petitioners conceive, would extend our Navigation, Vol.22.

— V Apr ills. 439

and contribute to make us the Carriers of Europe, without prejudicing the Revenue, all the Duties on Sugar being drawn back on the Re-exportation of it to foreign Parts; And therefore praying, That a Liberty may be granted of carrying British Sugars, from our Sugar Colonies in America, directly to any foreign Markets to the Southward of Cape Finisterre., under such Rertrictions asdhall be thought reasonable; and also of carrying such Sugars to any foreign Markets to the Northward of Cape Finisterre, after first touching in Great Britain, giving in a Manifeli of their Cargo, and entering into Bond to return to Great Britain before they proceed on another JEcJl India Voyage; or such other Relief as to the Hotife shall seem meet.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Southampton Privileges and Elections, touching the Double Return lmvu and ElcAion for the Town, and County of the Town, tledion-of Southampton, be received upon ThttrJ'Jay Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Copy of his Majesty’s Warrant, whereby Lotte rs are permitted to pass free from the Duty payable upon Port Letters, was referred;

Ami a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Report he now read; rJ he I Ioufe di\ ided.

The Noes went forth.

rp I. i» y V Sir Edu ard Stanley,!

Tellers for the f 177.

Tellers for the Noes,f

I Mr. Ldtcup: )

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report he taken into Confutation upon Wednesday next, at Twelv e of the Clock.

Privilege of Franking Letters.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Quartering Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Soldiers in several Petitions of the Innholders and Alehouse- ^orkCity. keepers of the City of York.

Mr. Speaker h it the Cha«r.

Colonel Bladen took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel B/aden reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matters to them referred; and that lie was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole iloufe, to consider further of the said Petitions.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Rejoiced\ That this House will, upon Thursday Supply Bill: Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Land Tax. whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-five.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Committee of Ele&ious be adjourned. Privileges.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, N ine of the Clock.

Mart is, i° die Apr His;

Anno 84 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1735.

Prayers.

f)RDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Charitable Bill, for prolonging the time for claiming the for- Corporation tunate Tickets in the charitable Corporation Lottery; otteiy. and for making Provision for Tickets in the said

Lottery,

Protestant Purchasers of Estates Indemnity,

Supply Bill Duties on Salt, &c.

Jlafcdonner*

forfeited

Estates.

Nairn

Elation.

440 1® April 1735

Lottery, Foil, burnt, or otherwise deferoyed: And that Mr. Winning fan., and' Mr. Alderman Pemy, do prepare, anfd bring in, the fame.

A Bill to indemnify Protestant Purchasers of Edstes of Papists, against the Penalties or Forfeitures Papists are liable to for not registering their Estates, or for not having inrolled the fame, in pursuance of the Acts of the First and Third Years of King George the First, for that Purpose, was read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Note, There was not any Blank in the Bill, no Amendment was proposed to be made to if, nor was any Objection made against it.

i An ingrafted Bill for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon red and white Herrings, for a Term therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

liefofaed, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. Act Act for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon red and white Herrings, for the further Term of Four Years; and for giving further time for the Payment of Duties, omitted to be paid, for the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices.

Ordered, That Sip Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Hannah ATDonnel, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland; and for enabling Randal ATDonnel Esquire to fell or incumber the Estate therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the First Year oft he Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Hannah ATDonnd, wish relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland; and for enabling Randal ATDonnd Esquire to fell or incumber the Estate therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Oglethorpe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of James Brodie, of Spynie, Esquire, was preferred to the House, and lead; letting forth, That John Campbell} of Caider, Esquire, having been elected 1.0 serve in this p refen t Parliament for Pembrokeshire, and also for the Shire cf Nairn, made his Election to serve for Pembvohshire: That, a Writ having bee it ilined for a new Election for the Shire of Nairn, Sir Archibald Campbell, Sheriff Principal, for Life, of the said Shire, appointed Monday the Seventeenth of March last poll for the Day of Election, and made the proper Intimations to the Freeholders to assemble, betwixt the Hours of Twelve and Two of that Day, in the ToIbooth of Nairn, the 1 dual Place of Election: That, accordingly, ievefal of the Freeholders came to Nairn, on the Day appointed, in order to cleft a Member to farve in Parliament, ill Place of the said John Campbell of Colder: That, to their great Surprise, a Body of Highlanders, in Arms, to the Number of tine hundred and Forty, or thereabouts, amongst whom were several Soldiers of the independent Companies, and many others, not Inhabitants of the County of Nairn, appeared that Day, about Eleven a Clock, in the said Town of Nairn, placed themselves before the Ho life of the Sheriff in that down: That Colonel Alexander Rq/e, Provost of the Town, and Alexander Brodie, of Brodie, Justices of the Peace for that County, forthwith demanded the Meaning of such an Appearance in Arms; but received ho other Answer, than that fume Gentlemen behind wotiid tell the Meaning of it; whereupon the said Alexander Brodie read the Proclamation a gain ft Riots, and required them to disperso: This appeared the more extraordinary, that Colonel Alexander Rqfe Provost of the Town, had, the Day before, notified to the Sheriff, in Person, that . there was no Ground to suspect any Disorder; and

n

that he was fnfficiefttly able to keep the Peace of the said Town-, without any armed Men1 being brought into it: That, after this, Ibme of the Freeholders, finding the Sheriff in the Midst of those armed Merr, asked to know what the Meaning of this was: To which he answered, they were his Guard1; upon which a Protelt was taken, and the Proclamation read a Second time i That the said< Sheriff, intending to carry on the Election. in a ctandestine manner, thought fit, about Eleven of the Clock, to require, from One of the' Mag iff rat es* the Keys of the Tolbooth; 'and received for Answer, That there was then a Prisoner there; but that the Room ttooiald be forthwith cleared before the Hour of Election-; upon which the Sheriff was pleased to take a Protell, and to( retire to Bis own House, in order ter make the Election with Two Freeholders only, viz. Alexander Brodie, of Let hen, the Member return^ h and his Fatiier: That the Magillrat.es of the Town did accordingly forthwith clear the Tolbooth, and offered the Keys to the Sheriff, which he thought fit to take no notice of: That Six other Freeholders, then in Town, suspeclidg such clandestine Proceeding might be carry ing on, endeavoured to get aceefs to the Sheriff's House, the Doors and Entries of which were guarded by at lealtOne hundred Men in Arms, with their broad Swords drawn, but were by them surrounded, and refused Admittance: One of the Freeholders was seized by the Breast by a Highlander in Arms, who, as the Petitioner is informed, is One of the Sofliers of an independent Company; upon which the Proclamation was read a Third time, and P rot efts taken against those illegal Proceedings: That at iaft those Six Freeholders got Aecefs to the Sheriff's IToufe; and found a Meeting opened by the Sheriff for the Election, confiding of Two Freeholders only, formerly inrolled, the returned Member, and his Father; and, in order to procure a false Return, the Sheriff took upon him then, and not till then, to lay aside the former Sheriff Clerk, and Sheriff Deputy, and to name Thomas Brodie, Brother to the returned Member, to be Sheriff Clerk, and Robert Donaldjhn, a Tenant of the returned Member, to be Deputy Sheriff*: That the Petitioner appeared as Candidate for this Election*, and he, and the other Free- . holders in his Interest, required the Sheriff* to go with the Writ to the Tolbooth, the ordinary Place, that the Election might be freely made; which lift thought fit to take no notice of: That the Petitioner, and the other Freeholders in his Intercity required the said Thomas Brodie to call the Roll formerly made up, and recorded in the Sheriff’Court Books, which the former Clerk then offered to furnish him with, in order to the choosing Prafes and Clerk, as the Law directs; which he refused to do; but pulled out of his Pocket a Roll of his own, out of which the Names of the Petitioner, and Hugh Hay> of Park, whp had been formerly inrolled, and acted at the former Election, were omitted, and the Name of Sir Archibald Campbell, the Sheriff*, infer ted; who never had been inrolled: That the Sheriff, in Conjunction with the returned Member, and his Father, took upon them to make choice of the returned Mem* ber’s Father to be Prafos, and the said Thomas Brodie to be their Clerk; and afterwards proceeded to put upon their Roll William Duff of Braco, Alexander Campbell of Delnies, and the said Thomas Brodie their Clerk, who have no Pretence to a Qualification, and who, and Sir Archibald Campbell, refused to take the TrustOath by Lawdirected; and then they took upon them to elect Alexander Brodie, of Let hen, younger, as Member to serve in this present Parliament: That the former Sheriff Clerk called the legal Roll, and, by a Majority of the Voices of those contained in it, and present, Alexander Brodie, of Brodie, was chose Prates, and Alexander Ore Clerk, to the Meeting; and Hugh Rose, oi'Geddes, and Hugh Rose, of Clava, junior, were afterwards admitted upon the Roll: That Alexander Brodie, of Brodie, and the other Freeholders in the Petitioner’s Interest, to the Number of Six, elected the Petitioner to serve as Member in this prel’ent Parliament, and offered a Return to tto* Sheriff in his Eavour, under Form ofln-

ffrument;

CanteTbnrV

fckd.nn.

erpford lection.

lommittee Privilege nd Klee*

iplla.

:piring

W3.

fwer to duls.

8 Geo. II. i"

441

strument; That there was Another Freeholder; viz. James fence, between the Crowhs of Great Britain, France, and Sutherland of Kinflcrie, then in Town, ready to have Spain, concluded at Seville, on the 9th of November voted for the Petitioner, who was violently laid hold on 1729, the said Treaty having been faithfully and punCtu-by a Party of the said armed Men, commanded by a Ser- ally executed on the Part of Great Britain; had been jeant of One of the independent Companies, on Pretence presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had com-of assisting a Messenger, who had a Caption, or Capias, manded him to acquaint this House, That he will giye against him for a civil Debt; and, notwithstanding the Directions accordingly.

Money was immediately tendered to a Messenger, which

he acknowledged was a lutficient Stop to his farther Pro- Ordered\ That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Forfar Writ.

ceeding; and which he was willing to have received, if the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for

he had not beeil hindered by the said armed Party; and, electing a Commissioner to serve in this present Parlia-

notwithstanding that the Money was offered to be depo- ment for the Shire of Forfar, in the room of the honour*

lited in the Hands of the Magistrates, if they thought it able Thbmas Lyon Esquire, now Earl of Strathmore, a

more secure, the said Serjeant told it was not the Money* Peer of Great Britain.

but* the Person, they wanted; and he, with his Party,

taking the Messenger along with him, carried the said The Order of the Day being read, for the Ifoufe to Importation

James Sutherland, in a violent manner, out of the Town; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon and, after tearing his Cloaths, and committing several the Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in the Abuses upon him, and others present, detained him in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George open Fields several Hours, till the Election was over, and the First, intituled, An Act for the better preventing then difiiiiffed him without Demand of Money, or so much frefti Fish, taken by Foreigners, being imported into this as of Bail: That the Petitioner humbly conceives, that Kingdom; and for the Preservation of the Fry of Fish those Proceedings, and particularly the Actings of the and for giving Leave to import Lobsters and Turbots in Sheriff, were highly irregular, illegal, and contrary to the foreign Bottoms; and for the better Preservation of Sal-Freedom of Elections; and that the Petitioner was elected mon within several Rivers in that Part of this Kingdom by the Majority of legal Votes, and w as intitled to have called England.

been returned accordingly; notwithstanding which, the Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven-

laid Robert Donald fan, Deputy, and Thomas Brodie, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House*

Clerk, Brother to the returned Member, both named by upon the said Bill, the Sheriff plainly for this Purpose, and the said Alexander

Brodie, of Let hen, the elder pretended Prcefcs, have The other Order of the Day being read, for the Se- Limiting taken upon them to return Alexander Brodie, of Lethen, cond Reading of the Bill for the better securing the Free- Officers in

the younger, as duly elected to serve in Parliament for dom of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers the liouie*

the said Shire of Nairn; to the great Prejudice of the in the House of Commons;

Petitioner, and in high Violation of the Laws: And pray- Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time ing such Relief as to the House shall seem meet. Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition he heard At the Bar of this House, upon Thursday the Fifteenth The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Exportatien

Day of May next. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to of Wool.

consider further of Heads for a. Bill for the more effectual Ordered\ That it be an Instruction to the Committee preventing the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, of Privileges and Elections, That they do hear the Mat- and ot Wool, and Wool manufactured, from Ireland to ter of the Petition of Sir Thomas Hales Baronet, complain- foreign Parts;

ing of an undue Election and Return for the City and And a Motion being made, and the Question being

County of Canterbury, Tomorrow in the Afternoon. put, That the House do resolve itself into the said Committee, upon Thursday Morning next;

Ordered, That it lie an Instruction to the Committee, It passed in the Negative,

of Privileges and Elections, That they do hear the Mat- Resolved, rl hat this House will, upon TJ/itrfday Se-

ter of the Petition of Herbert IFeJtJaUng Esquire, com- vennight, resolve itself into a Committee of t he whole

plaining of an undue Election and Return for the City Iloule, to consider further of Heads for a Bill, for the

of Hereford, in the County of Hereford, Tomorrow more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool from

Fortnight. Great Britain, and of Wool, and Wool manufactured,

from Ireland to foreign Parts.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-s mittee, That they do not proceed on any Petitions, now The other Order of the Day being read;

before them, complaining of undue Elections or Returns, The House vefolved itieli into a Committee of the Quartering

after the Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Sir whole Iloule, to consider further of the several Petitions York^Cit"

Thomas Hales Baronet, complaining of an undue Election of the Inn-holders, and Alehouse-keepers, of the City of

and Return for the City and County of Canterbury; and York. after the Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Herbert Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

WestJdting Esquire, complaining of an undue Election Colonel Bladen took the Chair of the Committee,

and Return for the City of Hereford. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Bladen reported from the Committee, That Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to inspect they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them what Laws are expired, or near ex pil ing, be revived. referred; and that he w as directed by the Committee to

move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the Iloule, That their Resolved, That this Iloule will, Tomorrow at Twelve Address of Friday lair, That his Majesty would be gra- of the Clock, rclbive itself into a Committee of the whole ciously plea led to give Directions, That there may be laid House, to consider further of the said Petitions, before this I louie Copies of all the Reports made by his

Jdajeltvs Committerjes in Spain, together with Copies, . And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow or Extracts, of all Letters and Papers relating thereto; Morning, Nine of the Clock,

and also what Satisfaction has been obtained for the Subjects of Great Britain, for the many Lolles they sustained by the Depredations of the Spaniards in Europe, or in the Indies, pursuant to the Second l’eparate Article of the Treaty of Peace, Union, Friendtbip, and mutual De-

Lincoln's-Inn Fields Iniprove-ment.

Mercurtty 2b die Aprilis;

Anno 8* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1735.

Ph AYERS.

SI R Fronds Child reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Houses in Lincoln's-mn-Jields, in the County of Middlesex, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition: And, to prove what is alledged therein, the following Witnesses were examined; viz.

Mr.Bevan: Who laid, That Lincoln s-inn Jields have lain, and do now lie, in a very bad Condition; and that he has known the said Fields 40 Years, and upwards, when they were in Grass: That, about 30 Years ago, that Part thereof, which lies against the Terrals Walk belonging to the Society of Lincoln s-inn, was raised in; but, of late, great Quantities of Rubbish and Earth have been laid on, all over the Fields, and the Ground considerably raised; and that a Week seldom passed, but Earth, or Rubbish, w’us carried and laid on some Part or other of the Fields: That, in that Part of the Fields which lies next to Holbourn Row, near Turn Style, Boys frequently ride, giving a Half-peny a-piece for the same: And he said, That he had seen several Boys thrown off, and some of them had their Legs and Arms broken; and, from that Part of the Fields which lies next to the Duke of Newcastle's House, he himself law a Woman, who had been run over by a Horse that was airing the re, which occasioned her Death; and that Accidents of that kind Very frequently happened: And that other great Disordera are therein committed by great Numbers of Thieves, and other loose and disorderly Persons frequently resorting thither, whom he had endeavoured to keep from thence, but could not, although he had a Warrant from Five Justices of the Peace, impowering liim to clear the said Fields of loose artd idle Persons, and to keep out all Ilorfes: That he had executed the Warrant as far as he could, and taken up Three or Four of such loose People as frequented the Fields, whom he carried before a Justice, who bound them over; and that he has attempted to take up more, but was relifted therein, and in Danger of loling his Life: The said Mr. Bcvan further said,

That Robberies are frequently committed in the said Fields; and that Mr. Jessop, who was a Member of this House, and lived in Lincolns-inn-jiclds, but is since dead, was attacked there, and with great Difficulty escaped with his Life.

Mr. Mono ton laid, That, within these Three Years that he has lived with Mr. Bigg, Surgeon, he, the said Mr. Bigg, has sent upwards of 30 Persons, who have had their Limbs broken by Accidents in the said Fields, to Hoipiials: That, about Three Quarters of a Year ago, a poor man, eroding the Fields, was tun over by a Horle/ and carried to a publick House, where he attended him; and that he could not be recovered, so as to speak, for Three Hours; and that a Child was run over about a Fortnight ago, whom he now attends: That hardly a Week palfes, but some Accidents of this kind happen: lie further said, That he has frequently seen great Number of Hories airing in all Parts of the Fields.

Mr. Ely on said, as he was coming through Lincolns-inn-fields one Night, he was knocked down, and robbed of Nine Guineas, and received a Cut on his Head, by which his Life was in Danger; and that it was done near Sir Francis Child's House.

And it appeared to the Committee, That the present Matter of the Rolls was, Tail Summer Twelve-month,

A.

1735-

rode over in the said Fields, arid still continues lar^c by the Hurt which he then received.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the present and future Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Houses in Lincoln s-inn -jit Ids, in the County of Middlesex, to make a Rate on them (elves, for railing Money sufficient to clean and adorn the said Fields, and to keep the same in Repair: And that Sir Francis Child,

Mr. Alderman Perry, Matter of the Rolls, Mr. Fulteney,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Fazakerley, and Mr. Git idol It, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Brereton reported from the Committee, to whom F«»reftci < the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estates of William Forester Esquire, and Brook Forester his Son and Heir apparent,. in the County of Salop, in Trustees, to settle the fame, pursuant to art Agreement previous to the Marriage of the said Brock Forester with Elizabeth his Wife, notwithstanding the Mb nority of the said Brook Forester, was committed! That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill to indemnify Protestant Purchasers of Pmtestant Estates of Papilts, against the Penalties or Forfeitures Puphafcrj Papists are liable to for not registering their Estates, or for not having inrolled the fame, in pursuance of the ACta of the First and Third Years of King George the First, for that purpose, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify Protestant Purchasers of Estates of Papists, against the Penalties or Forfeitures Papifs are liable to for not registering their Estates, or for not having inrolled the fame, in pursuance of the Acts of the First and Third Years of King George the First, for that Purpose. 0

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Property Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Encouragement of the Arts of designing, Ul, s' ’ 1 engraving, and etching, hiltorical and other Prints, by veiling the Properties thereof in the Inventors, or Engravers, during the time therein to be mentioned, was committed; be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Privilege Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Copy of his Majesty’s Warrant, whereby Letters are e fi permitted to pass free from the Duty payable upon Post Letters, was referred; be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That John Bond Esquire have Leave to ^aveof go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary ‘ eQtc' Occasions.

Ordered, That TValter Lloyd Esquire have Leave to go

.. . iaio

Tiverton Anfir of Uul TiX.

Qw rtfring

S»kir|> ifl

V«k City.

8 Geo. II.

2b — 30

443

into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Oc-

cu lions.

A Petition of the capital Burgesses, and AfTistants, and rif other the Inhabitants of the Borough of Tiverton, in Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners arc highly thankful for the Belief already given them by the lloule, in the lait Session of Parliament, in Coulidcrution of the Lois oc-custotitd by the dreadful 1 ire, which ho|)|>ened in the Town on the ;,lh Day of June 1731: And further praying the House, That Inch Part of the Land 'Lax, as remains in Arrears for the Ycur 1733, amounting to Forty-eight Pounds Seven Shillings and Nine Pence 1'arthing, liiut- the said dreadful 1 ire, may be, in like manner, re-Qinitted to the said SulVeiers; and that the said Sufferers 1m* exempted from Payment of the fame.

Onit red, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-luleration of the ( ommitlfe of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to hi» Mujcfiy, by a Land Tax. to Ik: raised in (ire it Britain, for the Service of the Year 173;, h committed.

Ordered, That it Ik* an Instruction to the said Committee. That tiny have Power to receive a Clause for the Belief of the Petitioners.

The House, according to Order, n iblved itself into a Committee of the whole lloule, to eonUier of the several Petitions of the Inn-holders und A lehou it-keepers of the City of J or/*.

Mr. Sjvcaker left the Chair.

Colonel Bladen took the C hair of the Committee.

Mr. SjK’aker resumed live ( hair.

Colonel Bladen reported from the Committee, That they had confide red the several Petitions to them referred; and had heard Counici, and examined Witmlles, in themost foie inn Maimer, ii[>on the said Petitions; and had come to leve ral Resolutions thereu(>ou; which they had directed him to report, when the lloule will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report Ik* now received.

Colonel Bladen according! v reported, from the said Committee, the* Resolulions which they had directed him to re}K>rt to the House; anil he read the Rejiort in his Place; and aft* rwarils delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabic: W here the Resolulions were read; and arc a* follow: viz.

Ref Iced, 'Phut it is the (Opinion ut this Committee, That the Petition of the Inn-holders and Alchoutc-keepers of the City of York, whole Names an* thereunto iub-Jcrilied. in behalf of themlelv. s, and several Hundreds ot other Citizens of the said City, pi di nted to the lloule the Third Day of March lall, is frivolous, vcxutious, scandalous. and ground lei’s, highly ret lofting on Eduard Thuirjdon F.hpiire, a Member of this lloule;

lief (deed, That it is the Opinion (if this Committee, That many of the Names, fnnlcribed to the said Petition, were thereto subscribed without the Content, Privity, or Knowledge, of the Perfbus whole Names are thereunto let.

The Pirft Refutation, being read a Second time ,*

And the Question being put, liiat tiic House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Petition of the Inn-ho!det*s and Alehouse kcqxrs of the City of York, whole Names are thereunto ful>tcril>cd, in behalf of themselves. and several Hundreds of oilier Citizens of the said Pity, presented lo the House the Third Day of March lair, is frivolous, vexatious, scandalous, and ground lei’s highly rdlcfting on Edward Thompson Esquire, a Member of this lloule;

The House divided.

Tiie Yeas went forth.

Teller* for the Ycrw Mt. 7

idlers lor u>e leas, l^U.S 3/‘

The Second Resolution, beins* read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill lor the better regulating the St.James&e* nightly W atch, and Bedels, within the Two Parishes of Wetunmfttr St. James und St. George Hanover-ftjiiare, within the Liberties of the City of Westminstery be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven- Greenwich night, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, B°li, ltJd-to take his Majesty s gracious Message, concerning the Hospital at Greenwich, into Considerutiun.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better securing the Free- Limiting dom of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Cominous, be read a Second lime upon ll,c OQic* Tuefduy Sevcunight.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Cornmiitfe lions be adjourned. of Privilege*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Tellers for the Noes, f j1*

£ Mr. hynajton:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Vol. <22.

\ 47-

Jovis, 30 die Slprilis;

Anno 8° Georgii lldl Regis, 1735-P H A V E R *.

A PETITION1 of the insolvent Debtors, confined in Debtors* his Majelr/s Guol the Castle of Lincoln, was pre- Petition, lented to the House, and read; complaining of their Dili refs: And prating relief.

O/di/cd, That ti.c laid Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Cc/?cr presented to the House, according to Or- Aron Navi-der, a Bill to extend the Navigation of the River Axon, feMl1011* from the ( ity of Bat ft. in the County of Sower fit, to the Borough ot ( it.pptnha/a, in the County of // ilts: And the fan e was u-o iv* d; and rend the Pirft time.

And it being objected, That several Ciuulcs, contained in the said Bill, were not within the Order for bringing in the fame:

Ordcnd\ That Leave be given to withdraw the said

Bill.

And the said Bill was withdrawn accordingly.

Mr. Wilmington presented to the House, according to Charitable Order, a Bill for prolonging the Time for claiming the fortunate Tickets in the charitable Corporation Lottery; u and for making Provision for 'Pickets, in the said Lottery, loft, burnt, or otherw ile destroyed: And the same was rec eived; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in Preventing the Parliament of Scotland, in the Year 1701, intituled, Jvron^n,s An Act for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, and against undue Delays in Tryals, was read a Second time. in Scotland Rep deed, That the Bill be committed*

Re foiled. That the Bill be Committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House> upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Securing securing the Titles of Protestants to their Estates in Ire- Protestants land, purchased of Papists: and for the Encouraging of I. rtates 1Q

Protestants to purchase Imitates of Papists in the lit id Kingdom: And that the Earl of Barrymore, Mr. Sandys, and Mr. Connolly, do prepare, and bring in, die fame.

4 Mr*

Ireland.

0

Affions on Hue and Cry.

Retaining the Number of Playhouses.

Broughton's, 6cC. Nut.

York Re-.. fitter of Deeds, &c.

Rochdale, &c. Road.

St. Alhan's Hoads.

Toiler's

Name.

Retraining the Number of Play-houses.

Huttings

Writ.

American

Colonial

Trade.

444 5b Aprilis. 1735.

Mr. IJvopc»* presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for regulating the Proceedings in Actions, on the Statute of Hue and Cry; And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir John Barnard presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for restraining the Number of Houses for playing of Interludes, and for the better regulating common Players of Interludes: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Rejoiced\ That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas Bennet and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalising Anna Elisabeth Broughton, and Jojias Cot tin, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the publick Registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, Or that may affect, atiy Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the North Riding of the County of York, after the Nine and twentieth Day of September One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-six, without any Amendment* And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, leading over a certain craggy Mountain, called Blackstone-Edge, in the same County; and from thence to the Towns of Ha Hi far and Ealand, in the County of York; without any Amendment. Anri also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, and making more effectual, An Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways through the several Parishes of St. Michael, St. Alban, St. Peter, Shenley Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlefer; and for continuing the Commissioners authorized to put the said Act in Execution; without any Amendment: And allb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable William Toller, now called William Toller Treff'ry, Gentleman, and his I flue Male, to take and use the Surname of TrejJ'ry only, pursuant to the Deed of Settlement of John Trejjry Esquire, deceased, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Bill for restraining the Number of Houses for playing of Interludes; and for the better regulating common Players of Interludes; be printed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifltie his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Hastings, in the County of Suffer, in the room of Sir William Ashburnham Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Port, hath accepted the Office of Receiver of Compositions in his Majesty’s Office of Alienations.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations do lay before this House, a Copy of the Memorial, delivered to them in the Year 1724 by Mr. Torriano, concerning the Liberty of carrying enumerated Commodities, from the British Colonies in America, directly to foreign Parts.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of the Exchequer do lay before this House, a Copy of the Petition lately given to them by the Planters and Merchants trading to, and interested in, the

Sugar Colonies, together with a stepbrt made to them thereupon by the Commissioners of the Customs.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do Account lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Sugar i.*-Sugar imported, and from What Places, from Christmas *>(’rU 1707 to Christmas 1714; and how much thereof was reexported; distinguishing each Year; and how much of that re-exported was manufactured here.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Sugar imported, and from what Places, from Christmas 1727 to Christmas last; and how much thereof was reexported; distinguishing each Year; and how much of that re-exported was manulaftured here. C

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Efccife do lay he- Spirits fore this House, an Account of what Quantity of Spirits j'*'vu/ronl have been drawn from Melasses, for Seven Years last past; e afles" distinguishing each Year.

Sir Francis Child presented to the House, according to LincolnV Order, a Bill to enable the present and future Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Houses in Lincoln s-innfields, ill the County of Middlefer, to make a Rate on themselves, for raising Money sufficient to clean and adorn the said Fields, and to keep the same in Repair: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Antony Hailey Esquire, and William Ditto. Cozcpcr Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; reciting a Petition presented to the House for Leave lor bringing in the said Bill; and setting forth, That the Petitioners, Antony Henley and William Cozcper El'quires, are the only Landlords, and foie Proprietors, of several Houses in Lincoln*s-inn-fields, and of Part of the said Fields; and that noNuifances were ever complained of within Cupfield and Tickett's field, Part of the Lincolns-inn fields, belonging to the Petitioners, the same having been constantly tenanted, and the Rails, bounding the lame, having been repaired from 1652 to Lady-day Jalk; though, by Disorders committed within that Part of Lincolns~inn f elds, called Purst-fields, the Rails, Boundaries, and Land-marks, of the Petitioners, are daily torn up, stolen, and conveyed away: And therefore praying,

That the Claims, Rights, and Properties, of the Petitioners, may be taken into consideration; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time; and that the Petitioners, if they think lit, be then heard, by their Counsel, against. the said Bill.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard for the said Bill, at the same time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time, upon Saturday Sevennight.

Mr. Earle, according to Order, reported from the Sooth-Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it ampton appeared to them, touching the double Return and Election for the Town, and County of the Town, of Southampton; and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and the Report and Resolutions are as follow; viz.

Upon the double Return of Antony Henley Esquire, and John Conduitt Esquire, to serve for the Town, and County of the Town, of Southampton, and the respective Petitions of the said Mr. llenley, and Mr.

Conduitt, mutually complaining of the Return and Election of each other; and also the Petition of the several Inhabitants of the said Town, in behalf of themselves, &nd many other Inhabitants, complaining

S Geo. IT

3° April

445

ing of several arbitrary Practices of the Two lute Mayors, Junior Bailiff, Justices, and governing Part of the Corporation of the said Town, before, at, and tince, the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the iuid Town and County; in Prejudice to the iuid Mr. Conduitt and the Petitioners;

The Committee first proceeded to examine the said Double Return.

It appeared, That the Precept for the Election was delivered to the Muyor and Bailiffs of the said 1 own, commanding them, and every one of them, jointly and ievcrally, to cause Two Burge ties to be elected; on which Precept, the Ucceipt of the Mayor and Two Bailiffs is indoried.

And that, by One Indenture annexed to the Writ executed by Arthur Braccbridge Esquire, Mayor of the said Town, and Arthur At her Icy the younger, Gentleman, One of the Bailiffs, and other Burgesses and Inhabitants, Sir Hi! dim Heath colt Baronet, and Antony llcnlcy Esquire, are returned:

And that, by another Indenture executed by Joseph Ward Gentleman, One of the Bailiffs of the said Tow n, and levcntl other Burgeflbs and Inhabitants thereof, the said Sir William Heath cote, and John Conduitt Esquire, are returned.

The Counsel for Mr. Ilenlcy insisted, That the Return executed by the Mayor, and One of the Bailiffs, of Southampton, being the Majority of the Persons to whom the Precept was directed, was therefore the only legal Return; and that the Return made by the other Bailiff' was null:

And they called

Mr. John Godfrey, the Town Clerk: Who said, That, a few Days after the Election, the Mayor, Mr. Atherley, One of the Bailiffs, and others, executed the Return of Sir H in Heat hade and Mr. Henley, and transmitted the lame, with the Precept annexed, to the Sheriff*: That, the Return of Sir / / in Heat hade and Mr. Conduit, executed by the other Bailiff, and others, was, the Day after, likcwif transmitted to the said Sheriff.

'Hie Counsel for Mr. Conduit allodged, That the Mayor and Two Bailiffs made but One Returning Officer; and that therefore the Return of Sir Wm. lleathcote, and Mr. Henley, not being executed by the Senior Bailiff', was not a legal and sufficient Return:

And they called

Mr. Juhn Grove: Who said, That he had known the Town of Southampton 34 Years, and had been twice Mayor in that time; and that the Precept for Election of Burgesses w as always directed to the Mayor and Two Bailiff's:

Being cross-examined, he said, That, in foine Inftnnces, the Mayor and One Bailiff*, and sometimes the Mayor alone, act judicially; hut that he had heard the Legality of those Acts disputed; and that Inch A fts may possibly be justiffed, by the express Provision of the Charter, which is lih nt as to the manner of electing Burgesses.

'l lieu Copies of the Returns of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Town, of the following Dates, were produced,

2i* Julii, 1* Anna.

1 >* Maii, 4* Anna.

7* Mail, 7* Anna. t>° Octobris, o# Anna.

6° Martii, 1 o* Anna.

27® Angunti, 12° Anna.

240 Januarii, 19 Geo. Iml.

220 Mar. 8° Geo. I"1.

All which Returns appeared to be executed by the Mayor and Two Bailiffs.

The Committee came to the following Refulution; Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Mayor and Bailiffs of the Town, and County of the Tow n, of Southampton, are the Returning Officer for the said Town and County.

The Committee then proceeded to examine the Merits of the Elc6tion:

Vol. 22,

Election.

And the last Determination in the Iloufe of Commons, Southampton concerning the Right of elccting Burgesses for the said Town Town, made the 1 ;tli Day of March 169.5, was read; whereby it was relblved, That the out-living Burgesses, as well as the Burgesses Inhabitants, and other Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot, have a Right to vote for electing Members to serve in Parliament for the Town, and County of the Town, ot Southampton; the House having before relblved, the 3 lit of December, i° Gidle!, et Maria, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to lerve in Parliament for the said Town and County, is in thg Burgesses and Inhabitants thereof.

The Poll was, \ £or fff, Ilf2.3:

' Irov John Londiut Lfqmre 212.

The Counsel for Mr. Henley produced Evidence, in order to disquality 28 of the Votes for Mr. Conduit;

Eighteen of whom were objected to as being Aliens.

Touching which Objection, the Evidence was as follows;

Mr. Richard Taunton said, That he believed Lewis Dutennc, One of the said Persons, w as a Foreigner, from his Speech: That lie was commonly reputed to be a Foreigner; hut that he had lived 30 Years in Southampton, and has voted at former Elections, though, as he has heard, with a Qua re.

Fane Del ic said, That he had known Colonel Du ter me 33 Years: That he believed him to he a Frenchman, or a Loratner; but that lie is reputed to be naturalized; was in the late Queen Aunt s Service, in the Army; has lived ut Southampton 33 Years, and has voted at all Elections during that time.

Mr. Richard Taunton likewise said, That he knows Francis Fradhi, another of the said Persons; and believed him to be a Foreigner, by his Language, and his Looks; and that he is commonly reputed to be a Foreigner:

Being afleed, How he could distinguish a Foreigner by his Looks r he said, That they are ealily known, by their Fawning.

Elias Mauger said, That Isaac Gigneau, Captain Peter DeraUee, Charles Fournier, Abraham Granter, Colonel Bellcau, Mr. Duvall\ Major Rufanc, Captain Decode,

Andrew Pallardy, Charles Allots, Mr. Rooke, and Alda-bert Cajlanier, are commonly reputed to be Foreigners:

That he had converted with most of them, fume of whom spoke very little English; and that he looked upon all the said Persons to be Foreigners; but that he believed he may have heard, that Major Rufane was an Officer upon llalf-pay:

Being examined as to Peter Call'deau, another of the Persons objected to, he said, That he could not be certain, whether he was a Foreigner, or horn in the Isle of Jersey: That he knew his Father 25 Years ago, who was then a settled Inhabitant in Jersey, and had lever&l Sons and Daughters: That he believed the said Peter Calliteau was born at that time, he being between 20 and 30 Years of Age; and that most People look on him to be a Foreigner.

Mark Noble, Roderick Forbes, and Geo. Shergold, said, That Antony Devil, Mr Rooke, Charles Fournier;

Captain Joachim Goodet, and Mr. Duvall, had, in Convention, confessed themselves to be Foreigners.

Peter Calliteau, the Person before mentioned, and Two others, viz. Captain Alexander Durour, and Edward St. Barbe, being objected to, as not being upon the Rates;

Roderick Foi'bes having produced a Book, containing the Poor’s Rates for the Parish of Holyrood'va Southampton, for the last Three Years; and being asked, Whether any Alterations had been made in the Rates for the Year 1734? said, That several Leaves, containing a Rate made for that Year, had been torn out of the Book, it having been adjudged, at the Quarter Sessions, not to be a good Rate; so that a new Rate was made, the former bqpg quashedf by Content of the Persons who made it, as were also the Poor’s Rates for the Parishes of St. Michaefs

All Saints; which was the Inducement to the Parish

5X of

44*

3° April

1735

Southampton of Holy rood to consent to have the said Rate ex-

r,’iovvi1 punged.

E fdioa. . |jeing cross-examined, he said, That the Leaves were torn out before the Election; hut that there was no Order in Writing made by the Justices, at the Session, for so doing; but they confirmed the new* Rate the Day, or the Day after, it was made; and that a Meeting of the Pa-rishoners was held to make it.

That the Mayor, Bailiffs, and other Justices, preside

at the Quarter Sessions; but that the Bailiffs only aft as Justices of the Sessions Day.

Mr. John Godfrey said, That the Poll was taken by the Rates made for the Year 1733; and that Captain Durour, Edward St. Barbe, and Peter Collitcau, are not inserted in any of those Rates:

That Major Scipio Durour is the Person rated for the House for which Captain Durour voted; but Captain Durour, at the Electioil, said, That himself paid the Rates.

That one Mrs. Penny is rated for the House for which Edward St. Barbe voted, whose Daughter he married: That the Witness believed the House w as Mrs. Penny's: That die paid the Rates for the Year 1733; but that he could not tdl who paid the Rates for the last Year:

That Peter Calliteau lived in part of Elias Manger's House, which was rated in the Name of Manger and Tenants: That Mauger voted for the said House himself, and Calliteau voted as his Tenant:

Upon evofs-examination, he owned, That Mauger and Calliteau live in Two distinct Parts of the same House; and that they have separate Doors to the Street.

Elias Mauger said, That, by a verbal Agreement made in 1729, between Calliteau and the Witness’s Father, Calliteau w as to pay 9/. 1 o& a Year Rent, free from all taxes; and that, from that time to 1732, the Witness paid the Rates; but, in 1733, he w>as out of the House, end could not say whether any subsequent Agreement had been hiade, nor whether the First Agreement fubfilted longer than the Year 1732.

Four others, viz. Francis Gardinet, Thomas Tyrrell, William Vallelt, and Charles Clutterbuck, were objected to, as not being Occupiers of the HouftS for which they voted; though it was admitted that Gardiner wasupon the Rates;. of which the following Evidence was given:

Mrs. Elizabeth Gardner said, That Frdhcis Gardner9 her Son, lived, at the time of the Election, in her House: That she assigned over her Shop and Business to him Four Years and Half ago, of Which he has ever since enjoyed the Profits: That by Agreement he was to pay all Taxes: That the Iloulc was still her own; but that her Son paid no Rent, but'boarded with her.

Mrs. Elizabeth Tyrrell said, That Thomas Tyrrell her Son boarded with her; but that he paid the Rent of the House, and Taxes for the fame, in the Year 1733; in Consideration w hereof, flic made him an Abatement in the Payment for his Board.

Mr. Godfrey said, That William Pallet told him, That he lived, at the time of the Election, with his Mother; and that be was to have been Master of the Business; but that she had since turned him out of Doors.

Charles Wheeler said, That he believed Charles Clut-terbuck was a Housekeeper in Holyrood Parish, at the time of the Election.

John Wait, another of the 2S Persons, was objected to, as being a menial Servant. And,

Wm. Sloan Esquire gave Evidence, That Wait had been his Gardener for these Five of Six Years, and constantly attended him; and lodged at his House at South-Jionc, near Southampton:

Being cross-examined, he said, Waifs Wife and Family lived constantly at Southampton; and that he looked upon him to have a Vote.

James Johns, John R&acHffe, and Samuel Fay, Three others of the said 28 Persons, were Objected to, as being rated improperly.

Mr. Godfrey said, That James Johns was Partner in Trade with his Brother, and lived in the same iloufe, to

which there is but One common Door; and that both he and his Brother voted for the said House:

That John lloxvcliff 'e lives in the same House with his Brotlier; and that both occupy the Shop in common; and both voted for the same House; which was rated but as One House:

Being cross-examined, he said. That they occupy the said House by Lease granted from the Corporation, from whom they have Three distinct Leases in all: That the House hands in Two Parishes, in one of which they are both rated for One House, and in the other they are rated separately:

That Samuel Fay lived in the same House with his Brother; That both have but One Shop; and that both voted for the same House at the Election.

The Counsel for Mr. Conduit, to justify 16 of the 3 8 Voters objected to as Aliens, produced the loilowing Evidence; viz.

An attested Copy of an Act, 11° Guliel. IIP11, by which Lewis Duterme and Joachim Gvodet were naturalized: Also,

Duplicates of several Acts, passed in the 10th and 1 ith Years of the Reign of King Wm. Hid, and of the 5th and 12th Years of the Reign of Queen Anne; by which Acts, Lewis Cejlard de Belleau, Francis Rufanei Peter De-cofnt, John Sorre, Andrew Pallardy, Charles Allotte, Francis Fournier, and Aldebtrt Caftainier, appear to be naturalized: Also,

Certificates, that Francis Fradin, Isaac Gignoux, David Rocgue, and Peter Dctallee, had taken the Oaths, pursuant to the Act, of the Seventh Year of Queen Arm's lleign, for naturalizing Foreign Protestants, the First of them in the Court of Kings Bench, Two others in the Court of Common Picas, and the other at the Quarter Sessions at Southampton.

A Certificate was also produced, from the Registry of the Parish of St. Giles in the Fields, to prove, that Abraham Granier was baptized in that Parish, in the Year 1703.

As to Peter Calliteau;

John Seale said, That he has known him 15 Years: That he Was born in the III and of Jersey, and now lives at Southampton.

To justify the Three Persons objected to as not being rated;

The Lease of the House demised to Captain Alexander Durour was produced, dated i° Augujii^ 1728.

Major Scipio Durour said, That Captain Durour lived in the House, and, as he apprehended, paid the Rates; for that he, the Witness, did not pay them.

Mr. John Grove said, That, about Two Years ago, the House for which St. Barbe voted being rated in the Name of his Mother, Mrs. Penny, ihe then declared, upon Oath before the Justices, That she had nothing to do with the House.

The Poor s Rate for 1733 being shewn to him, he owned it to be his Hand-writing; but said, That, though Mrs. Penny was rated, he believed St. Barbe paid the Rate, though he could not speak it of his own Knowledge.

In Answer to the Objection made to Peter Calliteau and the Four Persons, as not being Occupiers of the Houses for which they voted, and to Wait, as being a menial Servant;

The Counsel for Mr. Conduit insisted, That those Persons were not disqualified by the Evidence offefed: And,

As to the Three Persons objected to, as being improperly rated;

They called

Matthew Row If on: Who said, That James Johns and his brother are Partners, and live in One House, but in Two distinct Apartments: That they are separate House* keepers, and have been separately rated, since Chrifmas last:

Being cross-examined, he said, That they made tffeef the Shop in common; and that there was but One Efr-trainee to the House.

Qef,

8 Geo. II*

3° Aprilis.

447

Geo. Rentefiffc, said, That John and James Row cliffe have Two Houses, demised to them by Two different Lcales, from tin* Cor|>orutioti; which I loufes have been rated near 20 Years: That he has beeu Churchwarden of the Parirti IS Years, in which time those Houses were always rated.

Win. Fat/ laid, Tlrnt his Brother lived with him in the Fore-part of tlx? same House wherein the Witness lives, which lie let to his Brother, ut an ealy Rent, on Confederation of his paying the Taxes: But the Witness laid, He dkl not vote for this House himself^ but for Land*

Then the Counsel for Mr. Conduit having alledgod, That the Mayor had behaved with great Partiality in tins Election, in favour of iMr. Henley;

Wm. ('heatham was examined: Who said, That, Two or Three: Days before Michaelmas 1733, he heard Mr. Bracebridge, the Mayor, in the Shop of Mr. Samuel IVhiJllctt. declare, after Ibme Difeourfc concerning the Election, That ratlier than Mr. Conduit should carry tire Elc&ion. lie would make 50 Burgesses, and if diat Number would not do, he would make an Hundred: 'I hat one Hevjamin Dtnelcy, the Matter of the Shop, and others, whole Names the Witness could not recoiled, were prefant at th^ same time.

Mark Noble laid, That he was present the whole time of the Election: That several Persons coming to vote for Mr. Henley, as Burgesses, Mr. Stevens, One of the Counsel for Mr. Conduit, deli red that the Books might Ixs produced, to shew by what Authority they voted; to which the Mayor nnfwered, 'ITiat he did not think proper to produce the Books; and that they were not produced; and lie gave no other Reason, than that it was not a proper Place, or that he would do it in a proper Place, or Words to that Effect:

That several Persons tendering their Y'otes, as being upon the Church Rates, the Mayor declared they had no Right, and gave Orders that they should not vote; and, upon their coming again, he declared, If they came any more, he would break up the Poll.

Being aiked, who those Persons offered to vote for? he said. Some of them offered to vote for Mr. Conduit alone, others for Sir H m. Heathcote and Mr. Conduit, and others for Mr. Conduit and Mr. Henley: 'l*hat the Mayor refused the Vote of one Ne/ole, beenufe he was deaf, and could not repeat, in En«lish, the Oath directed to be taken, pursuont to the Act to prevent Bribery and Corruption in elccting of Members to Parliament, though a Gentleman, who fpokc to Ne/ole in French, then declared, That Ne/ole was willing to take the said Oath in French.

Then the Counsel for Mr. Conduit objected to Twenty-two of Mr. Jlcnley a Y'oters, us being made Burgesses when a major Part of the Common-council were not preleut:

And they insisted, That the Presencc of the major Part of the Common-council of the fakl Tow n, constituted by the Charter grunted by King Charles the First, dated the ^th Day of June, in the 161I1 Year of his Reign, and coniifting of such as are or have been Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Bailiff?, and Sheriffs of the said Town, is necfflkrv, in the Execution of all the Powers given to the said Common-council, by the said Charter; and that it appears, by the Recital of a By-law, dated the 18th of November 1730, that it is most conformable to the Constitution and Custoru of the Town, That the Right of Election of Burgesses is in the Common-council only:

The Clanfe in the said Charter, which constitutes the Common-council, is as follows:

Quod major, recordator, atdermanm, ballivi, et vice-comes, villa? predict' jam exijled. et qui pro tempore ju-trial, et omnes alii qui out that Jucrunt major, aldermami, vicecomites, Jett ballivi, villce pr<edict\ dehinc imperpetu fitU, ct vocati jiierint, commune confxlium villa: predict'; et quodde tempore miempus aldcrmanni, recordator, bal-fixv, et viceeomes, viUse pr#di&\ pro tempore existed Yrpx*. 2?.

erunt auxiliad, et ajfijled, majori villa:pricdiftpro tem- Southampton pore exijled, in omnibus cattfis, materiis, ct rcbus} eemdem ^wn villam tanged ant concerned; et quod iidem major, re-cordator, aldermanni, ballivi, ct viceeomes, pro tempore existed qui modo Jun t, ac pro tempore f uerint, ommfque alii qui major, a/dennanni, ballivi, et viceeomes, villa prxdict', fuerit aut f uerint, tarn durad tempore quo major, aldermandi, ballivi, aut viceeomes rtjpeiiive erint, quam pajl tenninativnem ct jineni hujufmodi fuor respectire officior\ aut major pars eor, qw*r majorem pro tem-pore exijled unum c/ft, votumust habeant et habebunt plenum pote/lat* et authoritat' Jaciend, conjlitucnd', or-dinand, ct Jlabiliend\ de tempore in tempos, taC leges, Jia-tuta, et ordinal ioues qtnrcunque, qiue c 'is. feeundumJanas eor' di/iretiones ffalubriu, hunefla, et necessuria, vidtbunluv pro bod gubernation et regimine, burgenjiu, opi/ied, ct inhabit antin', villa' pnediff, pro tempore exijled; et prode-claratione quibus ordine et modo, major, ballivi, et bur* gen/esj opifices, inhabitantes, et residentesviil<eprtediff in ojficiis, mijler, et negotiis jhis, infra villain, et limit9 ejusdem, Jifc habeant, gcrant, et u/i fuerint, et aliter, pro majore bono, et publico bcnejicio et regimine, tjufdem burgi, etvictualatiod tjufdem, acetiampro meliori preservatione, gubernatiune, dispositione, locatione, ct dimijione, terror\ tenement or, pof/i/Hond, reventionu, et hereditament' earn ndem, major, ballivor, et burgenjid, et successur fuor, antchac dad, conceffaj/ignat, et conjinmf, aut exnum da ad\ con cede nd, vet aj/ignand9, et omnium at rerum et sauftrum quarumeunque villain preedict\ aut Jlatum, jus, et intcrcf/L ejusdem, aliquo modo tangen Jive concemcn';

Quodque idem commune conjilium tjufdem villce pi'o tempore exijted, aut major pars cjujdem, de qua majorem pro tempore crijled unu esse columns, tat leges, Jlatuta, et ordinad, ucaion rationabit pcenas, pccnalitates, et puni-tiones, per Jineni, amerciament, et also modo legali, Juper et ver/iis oninesdelinquent contra tat leges, Jiatut', et or-dinan, aut eor alicujus, Jacere, ordinare, confituere,

Jiabilire, aj/idere, ct imponerc, valeant at pojjint, proutcom-tnuni consilio vilbt prctdxH', vet tali majori parti ejusdem, ut prafertur, pro tempore exijled, rationaoit videbitur.

The By-law, dated the 18th of November 1730, was read; and is as follows:

" Against the illegal Making of Burgesses.

" Whereas the Method of electing Burgesses of this Town has been several times varied, and the Charters of the Town being iilent in whom the Right of Elec-

44 tion coniiits; for preventing the refore of ail Inconve-

4i niencies that may arise touching such Right, and settling and establishing a certain Rule therein, for the 4t future, it is this Day unanimously agreed and deter*

44 mined, as inoli conformable to the Custom and Con* lt stitution of the Town, That the Right of Election of Burgesses of this Town is in the Common-council " only; and it is agreed, determined, and ordered, That no Man shall from henceforth be elected a Burgess of this Town, unless he shall have been first proposed to " the next preceding Common-council, held Six Days at least before his Elefition, and the Day of putting the Question for his Election fixed at such preceding Com*

44 mon-council; and that if any Person be elected a 44 Burgess in any other manner, his Election shall be reputed null and void.

44 Provided, nevertheless, That a Nobleman may be " admitted and sworn a Burgeii, at a Common-council,

" confilting of Nine at the least, without any previous u Proposition."

And several Nomination Rolls, made annually, according to the Custom of the said Town, before the Feast of St Bartholomew, containing Lists of the Common-council thereof were produced.

It appeared by the Nomination RoJl, dated the 23d August 1728, that the Common-council then confided of 27 Persons; and in the Nomination Roll of the subsequent Year, of 26 Persons.

And it appeared, by an Entry in the Journal Book of the said Town, dated the 8th of Jugujl 1729, *hat Three Q Of

C»

448 Aprilis.,".^.1735.

Southampton of the 22 Burgesses objected to were made when only fr/a' u Niive of the Common-council were present:

‘U'T‘ Hut Notice was taken, that the Admission of thel’e Burgesses was Two Years precedent to the By-law.

By the Nomination Roll dated the 2 2d of August 1729, it appeared, that the Common-council then conlilted of 26 Persons; and in the Nomination Roil of the subsequent Year, of 24 Persons only.

And it appeared, by another Entry in the said Journal Book, dated the 22d of May 1730, that two others of the said Burgesses were made, when only 12 of the Common-council were present.

By the Nomination Roll, dated the 20th of August

1731, it appeared, that the Common-council then con-lilted of 2,5 Persons; and in the Roll of the subsequent Year, of 26 Persons.

And it appeared, by another Entry in the Journal Book, dated the 29th of May 1732, that another of the said Burgesses was made, when only 12 of the Common-council were present.

By the Nomination Roll, dated the J 8th of August

1732, it appeared, that the Common-council then con-lifted of 26 Persons; and in the Roll of the subsequent Year, of the same Number.

And it appeared by another Entry in the said Journal Book, dated the 27th of April 1733, that another of the said Burgesses was made, when only 13 of the Common-council were prefect.

By the Nomination Roll, dated the 17th of August

1733, it appeared, that the Common-council then confuted of 26 Persons.

And it appeared by an Entry in the said Journal Book;- dated the 30th of November 1733, that Four others of the said Burgesses were made, when only 11 of the Common-council were present.

And by another Entry, dated the 8th of February following, that Two others of the said Burgesses w'ere made, when only 13 of the Common-council were present. t And by another Entry, dated the 11 th of April 1734, that Seven other of the said Burgesses were made, when only 10 of the Common-council were present.

And by another Entry, dated the 24th of the same Month, that another of the said Burgesses w as made when only Nine of the Common-council were present

The Counsel for Mr. Conduit likewise objected to Seven others of Mr. Henley's Votes.

- To which Objection, they examined

Geo. Rou clije: Who laid, That Geo. FIammondy One of those Seven, w as put upon the Poor's Rate for the last Quarter, in the Year 1733; and that he and several others being upon the Rates for the Y'ear 1734, the Justices of the Peace would not fuller that Rate to be col-le6ted, nor was it ever confirmed: That Hammond never was upon the Poor s Book before, but that be was upon the Church Rate:

That IVm. Louder never was upon any Rate:

rYhdX Abraham Breton, to his Knowledge, was a Boarder, at the time of the Election: That Breton told the Witness, about a Month ago, That his Father was ithe House-keeper, and he a Boarder with his Father, at that time: But the Witness said, That he then kept a Shop.

James IVheeler said, That Roderick Forbes boards now with him; and did board with his Father at the time of the Election; but that he kept a House in Town, and lived in it; which House is rated.

And Robert Head being called, to disqualify Three others objected to; and producing a Rate for the Year* 733, was examined thereto; and owned, That a Leaf of it was wanting; and that he believed the Three Persons objected to were rated in that Leaf, the Rate for the next Year being transcribed from it, in which those Persons are named; but he could give no Account how the Leaf came to be loft; though he owned it to be loft whilftthe Book was in his Possession.

Upon this Head, flic Counsel for Mr. Conduit admitted, That the Evidence produced had disqualified only Three -of the Persons objected to,

They then produced Evidence, to add to the Poll of Mr. Conduit, Eight Persons, who offered to vote for him at the said Election, and were refilled by the Mayor.

Which Evidence was as follows:

Geo. RozecliJJ'e laid, That Henry Devic formerly paid the Poor’s Rate, for Seven Years; but was lelt out by Mistake in the transcribing it: That he lives in a Freehold House, which is one of the belt Houses in St. Michael's Parish: That Devic complained of being left out of the Rate, and infilled on paying for the whole Year; but that the Justices would not fuller the Golieftors to receive it: But he said, There was never any Order made for leaving Devic out of the Rates:

That John NiJble, another of the said Persons, has. lived at Southampton, and paid the Poor’s Rate 20 Years, and is a Man of Substance:

That Captain IVm. Hall rented a House of 8/. or 9/. a Year and a Garden of 5/. per Year; and had paid the Church Rate for the Garden, to him; but that the House was in another Parish:

That Captain Payne rented a House of 8/. or gL a Year, which was always rated, except for the last Year: That he is a Man of Substance; and has Two Freehold Houses in the Parish where the Witness lives.

John Doubt confirmed the Evidence of Row cliff? as to Captain Payne.

It appeared, by the Poors Rate made the 20th 0 {June 1734> for the Parish of St. Johns, that the said Captain Hall is rated, and has paid the Rate; and it appeared, by a Duplicate of an Act passed 10° GulicL that

John NiJ/o/e was naturalized.

Mark Noble laid, That John Opicy another of the said Eight Persons, rented a House, in the Parish of All Saints, of 10/. 1 os. per Annum, byLeale; a Counter-part of which was produced:

That Zachary Callway also rented a House, in the said Parish, of 6/. a Year, by Lease; which was also produced: And said, That both Mr. Opie and Mr. Callway were Persons of Substance, and very able to pay the Rates.

IVm. Fay, who w as before examined, said, That Richard Banning was his Partner: That he and the Witness rented a Piece of Land of 6/. a Year, and paid the Rates together; but he knew not whether Mr. Banning's Name was in the Rates or not.

Being cross-exajnined, he said, That his Land was not the same Land which the Witness before said he voted for, only the House where he dwelt.

IVm. Cheatham being examined to John Noycey another of the said Persons, said, That Noyce had lived in a House of 10/. a Year, since Christmas 1733; which House was formerly rated in the Name of J. Moor.

Mark Noble proved, That all the said Persons offered their Votes, at the last Election, for Mr. Conduity and were refused.

In answer to what had been objected, by the Counsel for Mr. Conduit, as to the partial Behaviour of the Mayor at the said Election, the Counsel for Mr. Henley examined

Mr. John Godfrey: Who said, That the Mayor behaved himself very candidly; and refused the Votes of Two Burgesses, that offered to poll for Sir William Heath-cote and Mr. Henley, after the doling of the Poll, but before the Declaration of the Numbers.

The Counsel for Mr. Henley observed, That the Charter was silent as to the Admission of Burgesses; and that the By-law, made in the Year 1730, did not require a Majority of the Common-council to be present at such Admissions, but only directed a previous Notice to be given of the Admission of such Burgesses as were not Noblemen.

And, to prove the Usage of admitting Burgesses, they called

Mr. Godfrey: WTho laid, That, at all Meetings of the Common-council, the whole Number were summoned; and that the Numbers that were present were always deemed a Common-council, and did all Acts which the

Common-

8 Geo. II. 3-9 *Jprilis.

449

Common-council are impowered to do, both before and since the making of the said By-law.

The Counsel for Mr. Conduit did admit, That all the Common-council had been summoned, when the Burgesses objected to were fevecally made; and that it had been usual for the Minority of the Common'council to make Burgesses, and to do other Corporate Acts.

To justify the Votes objected to by Mr. Conduit's Counsel, as not being rated;

Geo. Athei'ley was examined, to George Hammond, one of the Persons objected to: And he laid, That he, upon Hammond's Intermarriage with his Daughter, purchased a House, called Brewhall, for One thousand Guineas, which he gave to Hammond, as Part of his Daughter’s Fortune, who inhabited the said House the Beginning of November 1733.

Being cross-examined, he laid, He entered the House at the Excise Office in his own Name; but afterwards applying to have it entered in the Name of Hammondy he was desired at the Office, to let the Entry stand as it did till Midsummer, it being the Period of Time to which their annual Accounts are made up: But the Witness said. He had no Interest at all in the said House, since Hammond inhabited it.

James Pigeon said, That he collected the Rates for the Year 1733: That HammondHs House was rated in the Name of one Mecham; bqt Hammond paid the Rates for the lad Quarter, on his own Account: And he said, That it was not usual to alter the Name of the Occupier of any House, till the End of the Year, though different Persons might inhabit such House the first and last Part of that Year.

Sarah Johnson said, That William Lowder lived in his own House, and had paid the Taxes for Two Years, which (lie had seen the Collectors receive: That the House was given him by Mrs. Daniel, on his Intermarriage with her Daughter: And,

It appeared, by a Bond produced, that Mrs. Daniel obliged herself, upon that Marriage, to give One of her Houses or Tenements of free Land in St. Michael's Parish as a Dowry with her Daughter.

Mr. Godfrey said. That Abraham Breton is a House-keeper; and is present at all Parish Meetings, and deemed One of the Parishioners:

That Roderick Forbes lives in the House of one Scot; is the Occupier of afeparate Tenement, which, he believes, has always been rated.

And as to the Eight Persons whom the Counsel for Mr. Conduit offered to add to his Poll, Mr. Henley*% Counsel infilled, That they had no Right to vote, they not being rated.

They likewise insisted. That the Evidence produced to prove the Naturalization of the Persons objected to as Aliens, was not sufficient to prove those Persons to be the same Persons that voted at the Election.

The Committee came to the following Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Antony Iienlty Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town, and County of the Town, of Southampton.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Conduit Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town, and County of the Town, of Southampton.

The First Resolution being read a Second time; and the Question being put. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Mayor and Bailiffs of the Town, and County of the Town, of Southampton, are the Returning Officer for the said Town and County;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Teller, for the Noes, ^M^n: },*>

So it was resolved in the Affirmative*

Vol. J2g.

The rest of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Arthur Bracebridge Gentleman, late Mayor, and Arthur Atherley the Younger, One of the late Bailiffs of the Town, and County of the Town, af Southampton, and the Deputy Clerk of the Crown, do attend this House, upon Wednesday Morning next, to amend the Return for the said Town, and County of the said Town, by taking off the File the Indenture by which Sir William ffeathcolc Baronet, and Antony j

Henley Esquire, are returned, and by inferring the

Names of them, the said Arthur Bracebridge and Arthur Atherley, in and by the said Arthur Bmce-bridge and Arthur Atherley signing the Indenture by which Sir William Heafhcole Baronet, and John Conduit Esquire, are returned.

Ordered, That the several Orders, made for hearing, at the Bar of this House, the Matteriof the several Pe^ titions, complaining of undue Elections and Returns, except the Order made for hearing the Matter of jthe several Petitions complaining of an undue Fle&ion and Return for the City of Brifion be discharged.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second St.James&c. Reading of the BIB for the better regulating the nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the Two Parities of St. wTtcbf&c.' James, and St. George, Hanover Square, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster, be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Hous^ Supply Bill, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Land Tax. upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1735:

Ordered, That it be an Instru&iod to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive aClause to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, for the Year 1733, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1735.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee,

That they had made some Progress in the Bill, and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 90 die Aprilis;

Anno 8° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1735. Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Frecker,{rom the Treasury, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, prefen ted to the House, a Copy of the Petition given to the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty'sTreasury, by the Planters and Merchants trading to, and interested in, the Sugar y Y- ' Colonies;

Colonial

Sugar

Trade.

BiJftot

Election.

4J0 9° Apr 1735.

Colonies; together with a Report made to their Lordships thereupon by the Commissioners of the Customs.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the find Papers do lie upon the Table, to be pernfed by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Securing The Earl of Barrymore presented to the House, ac-Estate8?ntS cording to Order, a Bill for securing the Titles of Pro-Ireland!a testants to their Estates in Ireland, purchased of Papists;

and for encouraging of Protestants to purchase Eliates of Papists in the said Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Southampton The House being informed, that Arthur Bracebridge, Return late Mayor, and Arthur Atherley, One of the late Bailiffs amLD e of the Town, and County of the Town, of Southampton, attended at the Door:

They were called in; and, the Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, he and they, according to Order, amended the Return for the said Town, and County of the said Town.

Rest raining A Petition of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peaqe, De-the Number puty Lieutenants, and many of the principal Inhabi-_ of tants, and others, of the Tozver Division, in the County ayioues. Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read;

alleging, That the Play-house, erected in Goodman's-Jields, is a great Nuisance, the Attempts to prevent the same having been hitherto ineffectual: And therefore praying, That the Bill, now depending in this House, for restraining the Number of Houses for playing of Interludes, and for the better regulating common Players of Interludes, may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Highgate and Hampstead Roads.

for the Parishes through which the said Roads do lead, touching what Part of the Statute-work ought to be done bn the Roads, any Two of the Justices of the Peace for the said County, at any petty or special Sessions of the Peace, upon Application made to them by any Five of the Trustees, are, by the said first-mentioned Act, impowered to adjudge and determine what Part of the Statute-work shall be done on the said Roads by, and in, each, or any, of the Parishes.

Then the Petitioners called,

Mr. Edward Byotlin, Clerk to the Trustees: Who, being examined, said. That, in pursuance of the first-mentioned Act, Compositions had been made with several of the Parishes in lieu of the Statute-work; and some of the Parishes, that had so compounded, had paid their Composition-money, but others absolutely refused td pay the same.

Then the Petitioners laid before the Committee the said Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament; whereby the Surveyors, and other Officers of the Parishes, through Which the Roads lead, are directed to prepare Lists of the Names of the Persons, who, within each Parish, are obliged by Law to do Statute-work on the Roads in the several Parishes, and to give in such Lifts to the Justices of the Peace of the County, at their petty or special Sessions, to be held for any of the Di* visions in which the Roads do lie; out of which Lifts the Justices {halt and may allot and appoint such and so many Persons to do their Statute-work on the Roads, as they shall think fit; which Work is to be done by such Persons, on such Days, and at such Times, and in such Parts of the Roads, as the Trustees, or their Surveyors, shall appoint.

And, by the said last mentioned Act, Provision was intended to be made for the Recovery of such Sums of Money, as the Inhabitants of any Parish had compounded for, or shall agree to pay, in lieu of the Statiite-work to be done by the Inhabitants of such Parishes upon the Roads.

The said Edward By oil in, being again called, said.

That the Surveyors of the Highways, and other Officers of some of the Parishes, have neglected to give in such Lists of the Names of the several Persons, who are obliged by Law to do their Statute-work; and the Justices of the Peace, at their Petty Sessions, have neglected to allot the Statute-work to be done upon Fart of the Roads within some of the Parishes, although he had, by Order of the Trustees, applied to them for that Purpose: And helsaid further, That no Cornposition had been made, or paid, in lieu of such Statute-work so neglected to be done.

It appeared, by the Evidence of the said Edward Byollin, That the Provisions, made by the said Act of Parliament, passed in the last Session, for obliging the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, to which the Roads belong, to do and perform their Statute-work upon the Roads, or to pay such Money as they have already compounded for, or shall hereafter agree to pay, in lien of such Statute-work, are defective and insufficient.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, and make more effectual, the several Acts, made and passed, for repairing the Highways leading to High-gate Gatehouse, and Hampstead, in the County of Mid-dlesex, so far as the same relate to the Statute-work to be done upon the said Highways, or Compositions to be made in lieu of the fame: And that Sir Fronds Child, and Mr. Pulteney, do prepare, and bring in, the? fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Cirmed Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new W rit, for electing 'Ult* a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, in the room of William Wodehouse Esquire, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act tyb’* for veiling an undivided Moiety of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Oxon and Kent, the

Estate

Sir Francis Child reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, one of the 3d, the other of the 8th, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways leading from the several Places, in the said Acts mentioned, to Ilighgate Gate-honfe, and Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex; and also an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing, explaining, and making more effectual, the said Acts; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, exatfitned the Matter of the said Petition: And, to prove the Allegations thereof,

The Petitioners produced, and laid before the Committee, the said Acts of Parliament of the 3d and 8th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the said Highways; and also the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing, explaining, and making more effectual, the said Two former Acts.

By the first-mentioned Act it is provided, That all Persons, who by Law are chargeable towards repairing the said Highways, shall remain chargeable, and do their respective Works in the said Roads, as before they used to do, or ought to have done, therein; and the Trustees for putting the said Act in Execution, or any Five of them, are thereby impowered, from time to time, during the Continuance thereof, to compound with any of the Pa-riflies, to which the said Roads belong, for a certain Sum of Money, or otherwise, by the Year, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Statute-work to be done by such Parishes; and in case any Difference should arise between the Trustees, and the Surveyors,

8 Geo. II.

9 Aprilii. 451

Estate of Elizabeth Dyke, an Infant, in Edward Dyke Esquire, and his Heirs, in exchange for his undivided Moiety of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Somerset and Devon, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm. Wyndhmn, Sir John Chichester, Sir Charles Banbury, Mr. Miry, Mr. Frankland, I/>nl Baltimore, Mr. Sandy*, Sir Thomas Frankland, Sir Jcrmyn Davers, Mr. /V/Aff7W, Sir Wilfrid Lmvfon; Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Bladen, Lord 7}/r-connel, Mr. For eft er, Mr. Seaxcen, Mr. Ijnngueville, Sir Reger Bradshaigh, Sir. Vyner, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr Drummond, Mr. Toner, Mr. Vlumptre, SirHw.Heathcote, Mr. Mostyn, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Digby, Lord iYtW Somerset, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Bacon, General fC2 dr, Sir Or/. Bridgman, Mr. Pturner, Mr. Shepheard, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Hume Campbell, Lord Polzcarth, Sir William Lowther. Sir Francis Child, Mr. ShuttInverth, Mr. Hooper; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Somerset, Orow, and Dawn: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

C«aitte«f. Ordered\ That all Committees be revived.

Ctorinhle A Bill for prolonging the time for claiming the c^‘°» fortunate Tickets in the charitable Corporation Lottery; *' and for making Provision for Tickets, in the said Lottery, loft, burnt, or otherwise dellroyed, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. nington, Mr. Sandvs, I^ord Tyr conn el, Sir James Grant, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Montagu, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Tnompfon, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Oglethorpe, Sir. Archer, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Tower, Sir Or/. Bridgman, Mr. Corbet, Mr. Scvrartf, Sir James Campbell, Sir. Ashe. Mr. Lr-Aew/>, Mr. lx>ngueville, Mr Alderman Pern/, Sir Francis Child, Lord AVW Somerset, I,ord Robert Montagu, Mr. S/rrf, Mr. Bladen, Mr. Pelham, Sir Ww. Stapleton, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Dnndafs, Mr. Papi/lon, Mr. Hooper, Mr. White, Mr. Forester, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Wilfrid Lazcfon, Mr. Thomas 'Forcer, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Burchet, Mr. Ajb, Mr Curzon, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Bobinfun, Mr. Bri/hnv, Mr. Fane, Mr. Willimott, Mr. Courteneu, Mr. Biffe, Sir Geo. Caf-wall, M r. //f//we Campbell, M r. Fox, Si r. Cholmondeley, Mr. Heathcote: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Account, intituled, An Account of the Numl>er of Benefit Tickets, in the charitable Corporation lottery, which were not claimed on or before the 25th Day of this instant Mareh; with the Account of the Value of the fame; be referred to the said Committee.

Lem of Ordered, That Sir Adolphus Oughton have Leave to Abfeocr. go into the Country for the Recovery of his Health.

Piperi Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to

So^and ^,s Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give ToSwco Directions, That Copies of the Reports, made to his Trade*. Majesty by the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations,

dated the Twenty-fourth Day of July, and Fifteenth Day of September, in the Year 1724, relating to the Sugar and Tobacco Trades, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty *s most honourable Privy Council.

Kircudbright* Charles Arejkine Esquire, his Majesty’s Solicitor Ge-ice. Wnt. nera| for Scotland, being chosen a Commissioner for the Shire of Dumfries 5 and also a Commissioner for the District of Burghs of Kircudbright, Dumfries, Loch-viaben, Annan, and Sanquhar; made his Election to serve for the said Shire of Dumfries.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Commissioner to serve in this pretest Par-Vol. 22.

liament for the said District of Burghs of Kircudbright,

Dumfries, Lochmaben, Annan, and Sanquhar, in the room of the said Mr. Arejkine. '

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Copy-right resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, upon of printed the Bill for making moreefteftual an Act, pasted in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Learning, by vetting the Copies of printed Books in the Authors, or Purchasers, of such Copies, during the Times therein mentioned;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second st.Jame*&c. Rending of the Bill for the better regulating the nightly Westminster Watch, and Beadles, within the Two Parishes of St. Nightly James, and St. George, Hanover square, within thQ ^aUh»&c* Liberties of the City of Westminster;

the Counsel for and against the said Bill were called in.

And the Bill was read a Second time.

And the Petition of the Burgettesand Assistants of the Burgess Court of Westminster, and of the Inhabitants of the Two Parishes of St. James, and St. George, Hanover Square, within the Liberty of Westm infer, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many other of the Inhabitants there, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard.

And a Copy of a private Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-lVventh Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Acte for the good Government of the Cyttic and Burroughe of Westmynster, in the Countie of Midair fox, was produced, and read:

And the Orders, Rules, and Ordinances, made the Thirteenth Day of February, in the Year of our Lord 17 j 9, by the Dean of the Collegiate Church of St.

Peter s in Westminster, the High Steward of the said,

City and Liberty, with the AlTent af the chief Burgees, and the other Burgesses of the said City and Borough, relating to the Appointment of a nightly Watch within the said City, and Liberties thereof, were produced; and several of the said Orders, Rules, and Ordinances, were read:

And the additional Orders, Rules, and Ordinances, made the Twenty-second Day of September, in the Year ofour Lord l 710, by the Dean of thoCoIlcgiateChurcIi of St. Peter's in Westminster, and the High Steward of the said City, Borough, and Liberty, with the Aflenc of the chief Burgesses, Burgesses and Assistants thereof, relating to the Appointment of a nightly Watch therein, were also produced; and several of the ftiid additional,

Orders, Rules, and Ordinances, were read:

And the Vestry Book of the Parish of Saint George,

Hanover Square, being produced, an Entry therein was read:

And the Book of Accounts of the Burgesses and Assistants of the City and Liberty of Westminster, of the Monies received for the Payment of the nightly Watch, and of the Disbursements, within their several Parishes, from the Year commencing at Michaelmas 1724; and also the Book of the said Accounts and Disbursements, from the Year commencing at Michaelmas 1729, were produced; and several Entries in the last mentioned Book were read.

And the Counsel for the Bill were heard.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard by way of Reply.

And the Counsel on both Sides being withdrawn;

Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Tyr-connel, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Plumptre.

Mr. Hucks, Sir CordelFirebracc, Mr. Winnington, Lora Polzcarth, Mr. Philips, Mr. Scazven, Mr. White, Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Earle, Mr. Toxvnjhend, Mr. Oglethorpe,

Mr. Laroche, Mr. Bozvles, Colonel Bowles, Sir Ji m.

Heathcote, Mr. Biffe, Mr. Digby, Mr. Campbell, Sir

Edmund

0

Supply Bill Land Tax.

Actions on Hue; nd Cry.

Preservation

of

Turnpikes,

lu\

45

9

— I o° Aprilis.

4-1735.

Edmund Bacon, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Mofiyn, Mr. Erjlcin, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Tozver, Mr. Lyster, Sir iW/. Alfion, Mr. Fen?, Lord Palmerjton, Mr. Boone, Mr. Whifzoorth, Mr. Montagu, Sir Henry Hoghton, General Wade, Mr. Holes', Mr. Master, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Scrape, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Cholmondeley, Sir Charles Bunbury, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Heathcote, Sir Christopher Powell, Mr. /uwr, Mr. I,civ is,7 And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved ifcfeif into a Committee of the whole House, t o confide r further of the Bill for granting air Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1735.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported frooa the Committee, That tli/y had made a fhrther Piogress in the Bill; and bad directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, i o° die Aprilis;

Anno 8° Georgii lldl Regis, 1735. Prayers.

A BILL for regulating the Proceedings in Actions on the Statute of Hue and Cry, was read a Second

time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Hooper> Mr. Cf/raw,\Ir. Tnrner, Mv. Brereton, Mr: Clutierbuck, Mr. Hales, Mr. Robinfun, Mr. Ord, Mr. Plumplre, Sir Francis Child, Lord Gage, Sir Robert Monro, Mr. Berkeley, Sir James Lozvther, Colonel Selzcyn, Mr. Rutherford, Sir OrL Bridgman, Sir Geo. Cajivall, Sir James Campbell\ Mr. Waits, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Fane, M r. Pa pi lion, Mr. Archer, Colonel Stewart, Mr. Toumjhend, Mr. Lxmgue-ville, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Copltston, Sir Jof Pennington, Sir 'Edmund Bacon of Gillingham, Sir Chris Powell, Sir Pi oid. Aljion, Sir Cor del Fircbrace, Sir Arthur Forbes, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Pearce, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Spencer, Sir James Grant, Mr. Price, Mr. Vere, General Wade, Sir Charles Turner, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Attorney General, M r. Solicitor General, "M r. Courtenay. Mr. Cosier, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Richard Pturner, Mr. IFm - Pturner, Mr. Henry Archer, Mr. J^olien, Mr. Harley: Anti all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Colonel Selzcyn reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for rendering the Laws more effectual for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down, or destroy Turnpikes for repairing Highways; or Locks, or other Works erected by Act of Parliament, for making Rivers navigable; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them wasdifagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments of foruc of them, agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That no Person shall wilfully or maliciously draw, or pluck *5

u >, Flood-gates in any Weirs, or Locks made, or to be made, by Authority of Pari i ament, in or upon any navigable River, for preserving the Navigation thereof.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bifl,

That, on the Conviction of Offenders, the Hundred, or Inhabitants thereof, shall be repaid, out of the Tolls of the Turnpike pulled down, what they have paid for Satisfaction for Damages thereby sustained.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And an Amendment was made by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for restraining the Number of Houses, for Retraining playing of Interludes; and for the better regulating the Number common Players of Interludes; was read a Second of time. Play house.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto-subseri bed, and others, upon whose Subscription the Theatre in Goodman' s~ fields hath been built, was presented to the House, and read 5 setting forth.

That the Petitioners apprehend, That by the Bill, now depending in this House, for restraining the Number of Houses for playing of Interludes, and for the better regulating common Players of Interludes, their Properties may be greatly affected, the said Theatre having been erected in the Year 1731, in consequence of their subscribing £. 2,300 for that Purpose, under the Direction of Henry Giffard, in whom the Lltate in Law then Was: which, by several Indentures, has been since by him divided into Twenty-three Shares, and assigned to the Petitioners, to secure the Payment to each of them of is. and 6d. for every acting Day, and the Liberty of seeing the Piav; which Theatre is vetted in the Petitioners, by way of Mortgage, to secure such daily Payments; and the Petitioners being the refore, as they conceive, justly interested in, and entitled unto, the said Theatre, and the Performances therein exhibited;

And therefore praying, That they may be allowed to be heard, by their Couniel, against that Part, of the said Bill which may affect them; and that the House will grant them such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard* by their Counsel, before the said Committee, pursuant to the Prayer of their Petition.

A Petition of Hemy Giffard was prefenfei to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner apprehends, that his Property may be affected by the Bill, nowdepending in this House, for restraining the Number of Houses for playing of Interludes; and for the better regulatingcommon Players of Interludes: That, in the Year 17 29, a Theatre was erected in Goodman's-fields by Mr. Thomas Odell', and that his Property therein being, in the Year 1731,purchased by the Petitioner, within One Year after a new Theatre was erected, in the Place of the old Theatre, by a Subscription, opened for that Purpose, amounting to £.2,300; to which severalsubstantial Merchants, Citizens of London, and others, subscribed: That the Petitioner thereupon contracted with Sir William Leman} who, by Indenture, granted him a Piece of

Ground

8 Geo. II. 10° Apr 453

Ground for the Term of Sixty-one Years, subject to a yearly Bent of /. 45; and that the Petitioner hath besides expended several Thousand Pounds in furnishing the said Theatre; and in providing Cloaths, Scenes, Decorations, and other FJeceffaries; and hath also entered into several Obligations to enable him to carry on his Drsign, the Success of which hath induced him to employ all his Fortune therein; and which, as he conceived, and u*as informed, was not contrary to any Law then in being: And therefore praying, That he may be allowed to be beard, by his Counsel, against that Part of the said Bill which may affect him; and that the House will grant him such Relief as to them fliaJI seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner, if he thinks fit, be bcurd, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, pursuant to the Prayer of his Petition.

Retaining A Petition of several eminent Merchants, Shop-the Number keepers. Silk-men, Weavers, Packers, Dyers, Factors, PUrbonfct. anc* ot^er Tradesmen and Inhabitants of the City of London, and of Goodman's fields, Spit tie fields, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; commending the Management of the Theatre in Goodman's fields', the Diversions thereof not beginning till the Labour of the Day is done, nor interfering with the Hours of nufimTs, as Billiard-tables, Skittle-grounds, and Bowling-allies, do, which have been much difeou-raged since the Opening of this Theatre; and setting forth, That the evil apprehended to arise by Apprentices, or Servants, frequenting a Play-house contrary to their Masters Inclination, would not be removed by suppressing this Play-house in particular; since such Persons will resort to a distant Play-house, and will not resort to this, where they may be seen by the Mailer, or some of his Acquaintance: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may not be deprived of this rational and instructing Entertainment at this End of the Town, which hath been esteemed lawful, and even laudable, at the other; and to which they cannot resort without great Charge and Inconvenience.

Ordered, That ihc said Petition be rejected.

Answer to Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address. Address of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, That Copies of the Reports, made to his Majesty by the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, dated the Twenty-fourth Day of July, and Fifteenth Day of September, in the Year 1724, relating to the Sugar and Tobacco Trades, might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Church A Petition of the late General Assembly of the Church Mentation of Scotland was presented to the House, and read; re-ia Scotland. present jngfThat Patronages have, since the Reformation, been deemed by the said Church a very great Grievance, and not warranted by the Word of God, and have, at all times, been ftniggled against: That, soon after the Resolution, an Act of Parliament was made, in Scotland, abolishing the Power of Patrons to present Ministers to vacant Churches; and, at the Union of the Two Kingdoms, the Establishment of the Church of Scotland in all its Rights and Privileges, by that and other Acts of Parliament made, or ratified, after the Resolution, was declared to be a fundamental and effectial Condition and Article of that Union; and, at that time, it was the Right and Privilege of the said Church, to be free from Patronages; but that by an Act, passed in the 10th Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to restore the Patrons to their ancient Rights of presenting Ministers to the Churches vacant, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the foresaid Act, passed in the Reign of King William, was rescinded, in so far as concerned the Power of Patrons to present Ministers to vacant Parishes; and other Advantages, which had been the chief Things bestowed on Patrons, in lieu and Re* Vol. 2$.

compenoe of their former Right of Presentation, were nevertbdels suffered to continue with them: And therefore praying the House to pass a Bill for repealing the foresaid Act of Parliament, passed in the lath Year of Queen Anne, in so far as concerns the Power of Patrons to present Ministers to vacant Churches, in order to restore the Church of Scotland to the Rights and Privileges (he was possessed of at the Union of the Two Kingdoms.

And the House being moved. That the said Act, passed in the 10th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, might be read;

The same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of the Act, passed in the 10th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled.

An Act to restore the Patrons to their ancient Rights of presenting Ministers to the Churches vacant, in that Plart of Great Britain called Scotlandas relates to the Power of Patrons to present Ministers to vacant Churches; and to explain an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Year 1690, intituled. Act concerning Patronages, by ascertaining the Method of calling Ministers to vacant Churches in Scotland; And that Mr. Plumer, Mr. Erskine, Mr. Forbes, Mr. Are-Jkine, Sir James Ferguson, and Mr. Hume Campbell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

John Conduit Esquire, being choseu a Burgess for the Whitchurch Town, and County of the Towm, of Southampton; and "nt# also a Burgess for the Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, made his Election to serve for the Town, and County of the Town, of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Whitchurch, in the room of the said Mr. Conduit.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, who were Expiring appointed to inspect what Laws are expired, or near Law*, expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That they had inspected the Laws accordingly, and had come to several Resolutions; which they haddirested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and the Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee.

That an Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty *s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the MerchauU Service, which was to be in force for Five Years, from the 24th Day of June 1729, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is^ear expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty’s Province of Carolina, in America, directly in any Part of Europe, Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Ships built in, and belonging to.

Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, which was to be in force for Five Years, from the 29th Day of September 1 730, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the Making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain, which was to continue in force for Seven Years, from the 21 ft Day of July 1713, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the Fifth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, was further continued for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act> made in the Tenth

5 Z Year

L

454

to" Apr ills.

A. 17J5.

Expiring Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, was further con-Laws. tinued for Seven Years longer, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fH to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Clauses in an Act, made in the Eighth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported; and for reducing the Duties upon Beaver-skins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves, and Nutmegs, imported; and for Importation of all Furs, of the Product of the British Plantations, into this Kingdom; and that the Two Corporations of Assurance, on any Suits brought in their Policies, shall be liable only to Angle Damages; relating to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for taking off* several Duties on Merchandizes exported, which were io continue in force for Three Years, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March 1722, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; and which said Clauses were, by an Act made in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, continued, from the Expiration thereof, for Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and by another Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, are further continued till the Twenty-ninth Day of September 1734, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; are fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Two last Clauses in an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for continuing of some Laws, and reviving others, therein mentioned, for more effectual preventing Frauds in mixing Silk with Stuffs to be exported; which said Clauses are, by an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to continue in force to the 29th Day of September 1734, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Pilots for the Conducting of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, up the River of Thames, and Medway, which was to continue in force for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and a Clause for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, in an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, was to be in force for so long as the said Act, of the Third Year of his said late Majesty was to have Continuance; and the said Act, of the Third Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, together with the said Clause, were, by an Act passed in^Jje Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, continued in force for the further Term of Eleven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament \ which said Term is fit to be further continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better paving and cleaning the Streets in the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Places within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, in the County of Middlesex, which expired at the End of the Session of Parliament 1733> is fit to be revived.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act against clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods", and for the more effectual preventing Frauds relating to the Customs, as relates to such foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandises, as shall be taken in at Sea, out of any Ship, or Vessel, in order to be landed, or put into any other Ship, Vessel, or Boat; and so much of the said Act as relates to Goods not reported, and found after clearing Ships; and so much of the said Act as provides further

Remedies against relanding Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, and foreign Goods ffiipped out of Parts beyond the Seas; and so much of the said Act as relates to the opening or altering the Package of Goods on board Ships oiitward-bound; and so much of the said Act as relates to hovering Ships or Vessels, of the Burden of Fifty Tons, or under; and so much of the said Act as concerns the Bales, or Package, in which the Coffee shall be exported, which was to continue in force for Three Years, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March 1719, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and so much of the said Act as relates to Rum imported in Calks or Vessels, not containing Twenty Gallons at the least, which was to continue in force for Three Years, from the Twenty-ninth Day of September 1719, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and so much of the said Act as relates to Certificate Goods entered in order to be exported to Ireland, which was to continue in force for Three Years, from the First Day of May 1719, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; which said several Clauses, contained in the Act aforesaid, by an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, were further continued, from the Expiration of their said several and respective Terms, for the further Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Clauses, by an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued, from and after the Expiration thereof, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September 1734, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to prevent theclan-destine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarantine; and to subject Copper-ore, of the Production of the British Plantations, to such Regulations as other enumerated Commodities, of the like Production, are subject, which was to be in force for Two Years, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March 1722, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; which Act, except the Clause obliging all Ships or Vessels to perform Quarantine, by an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, for Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; which Act, except the Clause obliging all Ships or Vessels to perform Quarantine, was, by an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September 1734, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Ileign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to thelmprisonment of their Persons, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The First and Second Resolution of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Third, Fourth, and Fifth, Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were postponed.

The Sixth Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Seventh Resolution, being read a Second time, was disagreed to by the House.

The Eighth, Ninth, and Tenth, Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BillorBiils, upon the First, Second, Sixth, Eighth, and Ninth, Resolutions: And that Mr. Fane, Sir John Barnard, Mr.

Papillon,

Sail-cloth Manufacture, See.

Earl of 5eifo th’i liability I Attainder.

Importation of Fish, See.

Exportation of Wool.

8 Geo. II.

io" — 11°

455

Papillotiy and Mr. Oglethorpe, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill lo explain and amend an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons: And that Mr, Fanet Sir John Barnard, Sir William Yonge, Mr. Oglethorp, ami Mr. Byng, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Ilonfe, to consider of the Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the Making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; and also the several Clauses in an Act, made in the Eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encouragcment of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported; and for reducing the Duties upon Beaver-Ikins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves, and Nutmegs, imported; and for Importation of all Furs, of the Product of the British Plantations, into this Kingdom only; and that the Two Corporations of A durance, on any Suits brought on their Policies, shall be liable only to single Damages, and Costs of Suit; relating to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for taking of Tfeveral Duties on Merc handizes exported; and also the Two lad Clauses in an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing some Laws, and reviving others, therein mentioned, for exempting Apothecaries from serving Parish Ollices, and upon Juries; and relating to Jurors; and to the Payment of Seamens Wages, and the Preservation of Naval Store's, and Stores of War; and concerning the Militia, and Trophy-money; and against clandiitine Running of uncuftonud (kkxIs; and for more effectual preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; and Frauds in mixing Silk with Sturt's to be exported.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into

Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to } enable William Mackenzie, late Earl of Sea forth, to sue or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the fame, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrortbd.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning nrxt, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Firil, intituled, An Act for the better preventing fresh Fish, taken by Foreigners, being imported into this Kingdom, and for the Preservation of the Fry of Fish; and for giving Leave to import Lobsters and Turbots in foreign Bottoms; and for the better Preservation of Salmon within several Rivers in that Part of this Kingdom caHed England.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Heads for a Bill for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, and of Wool, and Wool manufactured, from Ireland, to foreign Parts.

Vol. 22.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 11* die Aprilis;

Anno 8* Georgii II'" Regis, 1735.

Praters.

R D E RE D, That Leave be given to bring in a offices and Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to Employments, qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, within the? time limited by Law; and for allowing further time for that Purpose: And that Sir Charles Turner, and Mr. Scrope, do prepare, arid bring in, the fame.

0

Colonel Bladen presented to the House, pursuant to Paper* their Address to his Majesty, Copy of a Representation Sugar and from the Comm i (boners for Trade and Plantations to Tobacco his Majesty, relating to the Sugar and Tobacco Trades, Trades, dated July the 14th 1724: And also,

Copy of a Memorial from Mr. Toriano to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, dated August 8th 1724, relating to the permitting Sugar, Tobacco, and Rice, to be carried directly from our Plantations to the Ports of Europe to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, and to New England-built Ships; with the Copy of a Representation from the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations thereupon, dated September the 15th 1724.

And the Titles of the said Copies were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the I lonfe.

The said Copies are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Francis Child presented to the House, according Highgate to Order, a Bill to explain, and make more effectual, the several Acts, made r.ud parted, for repairing the ea oa f‘ Highways leading to Ilighgate Gatehouse, and Hamp-Jlead, in the County of Middlesex, lo far as the same relate to the Statute-work to be done upon the said Highways, or Com port lions to be made in lieu of the same: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Land Tax, to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land "Fax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1735, be now read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Ilonfe resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and marie several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the House, made upon Thursday the 3d Day of this instant April, for reading a Second time, Tomorrow Morning, the Bill to enable the present and future Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Houses in Lincoln1 s-inn-fields, in the County of Middlefe.r, to make a Rate on themselves for raising Money sufficient to clean and adorn the said Fields, and to keep the same in Repair, be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning, next.

Lincoln* Inn Field* ImproveraeuV

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Restraining subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of his the Number Majesty’s Companies of Comedians of the Theatres £oofe*

Royal y

456 i1* Apri .1735.

Royal in Drury-lane, and Covent-garden, waspresented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have been brought up, and wholly employed, in the Business of the Stage, which, they conceive, is a lawful and honed Profession; and that they are by Law, and of natural Right, entitled to the Exercise thereof for the Maintenance of themselves and Families; and that the Theatre Royal in Drury-lane being, by a Lease made under the Title of his Grace the Duke of Bedford, veiled in some of the Petitioners, under a yearly Rent of £.840, the Petitioners apprehend, that by the Bill, now depending in this House, for retraining the Number of Houses for playing of Interludes, and for better regulating common Players of Interludes, the Petitioners natural and legal Rights and Liberties, and their Property in the said Theatre, will be greatly affected: And therefore praying, That their Rights and Properties may be taken into Consideration; and that they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, so far as it may affect them.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Briftd A Petition and Representation of the several Persons,

Election. whose Names are thereunto subscribed, all of the City of Bristol, and free Burgesses thereof, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners, at the last Election of Members of Parliament for the said City, at the Solicitation of John Scrope, Esquire, One of the Candidates at the said Election, and his Managers, gave their Votes for the said Mr. Scrope, conceiving the y had a Right so to do, as Burgesses and Freemen of Bristol; but that, afterwards, Thomas Coster Esquire, another Candidate at the same Elefilion, was, by the Returning Officers, declared to have a great Majority of legal Votes, and was accordingly by them returned, together with Sir Abraham Elion, as duly elected to be Representatives in Parliament for the said City; and that, since such Election and Return, the Petitioners, to their great Surprise, ^are informed, that a Petition has been presented to this House, complaining of an undue Return of the said Mr. Coster; and that their Names appear subscribed to the said Petition, though they never signed any such Petition, nor authorized any Person on the behalf of them, or any of them, so to do; but, on the contrary, deny and disavow the Allegations and Suggestions contained therein, and assert, that their respective Names, if subscribed to such Petition, were set thereto without their Order, Consent, or Privity: And therefore praying such Redress in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, at the Bar of this House, at the same time the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City, and County of the City, of Bristol, is appointed to be heard.

Keftraining A Petition of John Potter was presented to the House,

the Number and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner having, in

p| ?f the Year 1720, agreed to take a Lease of the King's y ou e§. jjca(i jnn> James's, Haymarket, for Sixty-one

Years, of Mr. John and Thomas Moor, and to pay a Fine of near £. 200, and to lay out upon the said Inn at lead £. 1,000; and the said Lease having accordingly been executed, and the said Fine paid, and the Petitioner having laid out upwards of the said Sum of £. 1,000 in building of a Theatre; and having also laid out in Scenes, Machines, Cloaths, and other Decorations, for the said Theatre, upwards of £. 500; and he, being the foie Proprietor thereof, apprehends, that the Bill, now depending in this House, for restraining the Number of Houses for playing of Interludes, and for the better regulating common Players of Interludes, if passed into a Law, will greatly injure him in his Property; and that he will thereby sustain a Loss at lead of the Sum of £.1,700: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that he may be heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill. . /

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to 24

whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner, if he thinks fit, be heard by his Counsel, before the said Committee, pursuant to the Prayer of his Petition.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Canterbury Privileges and Elections* touching the Election and Return for the City and County of Canterbury, be now received.

Mr. Earle, accordingly, reported from the said Committee, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the said Election and Return, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and the Report and Resolutions are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir Thomas Hales Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Sir Wm. Hardress Baronet, and Thomas May Esquire, for the City and County of Canterbury, in the County of Kent.

The Committee have examined the Merits of this Election.

The Right of Election not having been settled by this House, it was agreed, by the Counsel on both Sides, to be the Usage and Custom,

That the Right of eleCling Citizens, to serve in Parliament for the City and County of Canterbury, is in the Mayor, Sheriff, Aldermen, Common-council-men, and Freemen, of the said City, being entitled thereto either by Birth, Marriage, or by serving Seven Years Apprenticeftip to Freemen of the said City, or by Purchase, or Gift.

And it appeared, by a Copy of the Poll, which was proved, and delivered in, that the Votes were.

For Sir Wm. Hardress Baronet - - 645.

Sir Thomas Hales Baronet - - 503.

Thomas May Esquire - - - 643.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner alleged, That 159 Persons appeared, and offered to poll for him; and that Seven of the said Voters offered to poll for Thomas May Esquire, but they were prevented by the Crowd, and Insolence of the Mob; and that, with this Addition, the Petitioner would have a Majority, and the Numbers would (land,

For Sir Wm. Hardress - 643.

Sir Thomas Hales - 662.

Thomas May Esquire - 650.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Members desiring a Sight of the said Lift, it was shewed to him at the Bar; and he, having perused the fame, allowed them to be good Votes; and that the Numbers, as above, were truly dated, and thereby a Majority did appear for Sir Thomas Hales and Mr. May.

Then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

And the Committee came to the following Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sir Wm. Hardress Baronet is not duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City and County of Canterbury, in the County of Kent.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Thomas May Esquire is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City and County of Canterbury, in the County of Kent.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sir Thomas Hales Baronet is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City and County of Canterbury, in the County of Kent.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, upon Monday Morning next, to amend the Return for the City and County of Canterbury, in the County of Kent, by rafing out the Name of Sir William Hardress Baronet, and inserting the Name of Sir Thomas Hales Baronet instead thereof

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of PH- Wend vileges and Elections, touching the Election and Return Elect

for

8 Geo. II. n* — 14° Aprilis.

457

for the Borough of IVc adorer, in the County of Buds, be received upon Thursday Morning next.

York Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition

Building* of Esther Crttlf, W idow. fThomas Moseley, Gilbert dc Company. Elinfs, Anne lunch, Theodore Davell, Mary Bayly, Richard Phillips, Philip Dikes, Forbes Jlilfon, Grace Holland, Daniel Cab roll, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Creditors of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames W ater in York Buildings, a lib Proprietors of several Parts and

Shares of the Stock of the said Company, on behalf of then delves, and others, is referred, have Ix'avc to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

ft°Perty An ingrossed Bill for the Encouragement of the Arts Heiigning, Engraving, and Etching, Historical and Other Prints, by vesting tin; ProjKrtics thereof in the Inventors or Engravers, during the time therein to be mentioned, was read the Third time.

An ingrolTcd Ctnufc was offered, to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, in favour of John Pyne:

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Questiou put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title by, An Act for the Encouragement of the Arts of Deli going. Engraving, and Etching, Historical and other Prints, by veiling the Properties thereof in the Inventors and Engravers, during the time therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Bacon of Gillingham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sujnr The House being informed, That Air. Orenford, from Imported, the Coiiunillioner* of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, the Return of the said Commissioners, to the Orders of the House of the Third Day of this instant April, with an Account of the Quantity of Sugar imported, and from u hut Places, from Christmas 1707 to Christmas 1714; and how much thereof was re-exported; distin-guithing each Year; and how much of that re-exported was manufactured here. A ml all'o.

An Account of the Quantity of Sugar imported, and from what Places, from Christmas 1726 to Christmas 1733; end how much thereof was re-exported; distin-guishing eicli Year; and how much of that re-exported was mainilrtCtured lu re.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Return was read.

Ordered, That the said Return and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Return and Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Sail-cloth The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Manufacture, Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Act, &c. passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the Making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain; and also, the several Clauses in an Act, made in the Eighth Year of his late Majesty s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported; and for reducing the Duties upon Beaver-lkins. Pepper, Mace, Cloves, and Nutmegs, imported; ami for Importation of all Furs of the Product of the British Plantations into this Kingdom only; and that the Two Corporations of Assurance, on any Suits brought on their Policies, shall be liable only to single Damages, and Costs of Suit; relating to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported; and also the Two last Clauses in an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his

Vol. 22.

late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing some Laws, and reviving others, therein mentioned, for exempting Apothecaries from serving Parish offices, and upon Juries, and relating to Jurors; and to the Payment of Seamens Wages, and the Preservation of Naval Stores, and Stores of War; and concerning the Militia, and Trophy-money; and ugainlt chmddVne Running of uncustomed Goods; and for more effectual preventing Frauds relating to the Customs, and Frauds in mixing Silk with Stuffs to he exported.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee,

That they lmd considered the said Act, and the said several Clauses of the said Acts; and had come to several Rclblutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Greenwich resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to AAolPlUi* take his Majesty's gracious Message. concerning the llolpital at Greenwich, into Consideration;

Ordered, That the Computation or Eftiinatc of the Expence, that will be needfary to complete and finifti the Building of the Royal llolpital of Greenwich, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Plan of the Royal Hospital of Greenwich be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Money has been paid into the Exchequer, arising from the Rents and Profits of the late Earl of Derwentxvater's Eliate, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took die Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pteale to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day befog read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon IVcdneflay Morn- Preventing ing next, resolve itself into a Committee* of the whole wrongous House, upon the Bill for explaining and amending an Act> passed in the Parliament of Scotland in the Year 1701, iu Scotland, intituled, An Act for preventing w rongous Imprisonment i and against undue Delays in Tryals.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Exportation next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hotife, ot Wool, to consider further of Heads for a* Bill for the riiore ctfeftual preventing the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, and of Wool, and Wool manufactured', from Ireland, to foreign Parts.

And then the House adjobmed till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lung) 14* die Aprilis; Anno 8° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1735.

Prayers.

THE Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according Canterbury to Order, amended the Return for the City'and Return County of Canterbury, in the County of Kent. amended.

.Sir Charles Turner presented to the House, according Offices and to Order, a Bill to indemnify Periods who have omitted

6 A to

York

buildings

Company.

Sail-cloth

Manufacture,

&c.

458 ’"14° Aprilis* A. 1735,

to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Esther Crull, Widow, Thomas Moseley, Gilbert de Flincs, Anne Finch, Theodore Davell, Mary Bayly, Richard Phillips, Philip Dikes, Forbes Wilson, Grace Holland, Daniel Cabroll, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Creditors of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, as also Proprietors of Several Parts and Shares of the Stock of the said Company, on behalf of themselves, and others, is referred, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the A6L, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the making of Sailcloth in Great Britain; and also, the several Clauses in an A6L, made in the Eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported; and for reducing the Duties upon Beaver-lkins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves, and Nutmegs imported; and for Importation of all Furs of the Product of the British Plantations into this Kingdom only; and that the Two Corporations of Assurance, oil any Suits brought on their Policies, shall be liable only to single Damages, and Costs of Suit; relating to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported; and also the Tyro last Clauses in an Act, made n the Ninth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing some Laws, and reviving others, therein mentioned, for exempting Apothecaries from serving Parish Offices, and upon Juries, and relating to Jurors; and to the Payment of Seamens Wages, and the Preservation of Naval Stores, and Stores of War; and concerning the Militia, and Trophy-money;' and against clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods; and for more effectual preventing Frauds relating to the Customs, and Frauds in mixing Silk with Stuffs to be exported; the Resolutions which the Committee , had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the Making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain, which was to continue in force for Seven Years, from the 21 ft Day of July 1713, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by an Act made in the Fifth Year of his late Majesty s Reign, was further continued for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session. of Parliament, and which, by another Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, was further continued for Seven Years longer, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Clauses in an Act, made in the Eighth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported; and for reducing the Duties upon Beaver-ikins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves, and Nutmegs, imported; and for Importation of all Furs of the Product of the British Plantations into this Kingdom only; and that the Two Corporations of Assurance, on any Suits brought on their Policies, shall be liable only to single Damages^ and 17

Costs of Suit; relating to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported; which were to continue in force for Three Years, from the 25th Day of March 1722, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; and which laid Clauses were, by an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, continued, from the Expiration thereof, for Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and by another Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, are farther continued, till the 29th Day of September 1734, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Two I alt Clauses in an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for continuing offouie Laws, and reviving others, therein mentioned, for more effectual preventing Frauds in mixing Silk with Stuffs to be exported; which said Clauses are, by an ACT made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to continue in force to the 29th Day of September 1734, anti from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Sir Charles Turner,

Mr. Fane, Sir John Barnard\ and Mr. Scrope, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from Grr?nnidi the Committee of the whole House, who were to take Ills Majesty's gracious Meffuge, concerning the Hospital at Greenwich, into Consideration, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the Ploufe; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered hi at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are au follow; viz.

Refohedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Rents and Profits of the forfeited Estate of the late Earl of Derwentwater, be issued, and applied, towards the finishing and completing the Building of the Royal Hospital at Greemoich, and towards maintaining the Pensioners therein, when the Building of the said Hospital shall be finished.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Seven thousand One hundred Eighty-two Pounds and Thirteen Shillings now remaining in the Exchequer, arisen out of the Rents and Profits of the late Earl of Dcnventxvater.’s Estate, be applied towards the building and finishing the Royal Hospital at Greenwich.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed, to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill he brought in pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Holden, Mr. Scrope, and Mr. Corbet, do prepay and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from Supply Bj the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Laud Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1735* was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, except Two of them,. the further C011-sideration of which was poltponed, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned tilj Tomorrow Morning.

The

8 Geo. II. 14*

Spirits The House being informed, that forae of the Commi^l<),lers ^U! Kxcite attended ut the Door *,

tit. They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pmlimnt to their Order, uu Account of what Quantity of Spirits have been drawn from Melasses, for Seven Years la ft past, ending the 24LII o i June 1754; difiinguHlring each Year.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is bound up with thcother Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie u|>on the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the lloule.

Onfcn to The Order of the House, made the 27th Day of Ja-Ctriiblcs. ituary lait, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middless r anil first minster, do take care that, from Ten of the Clock in the Morning to Four in the Afternoon, during this Session of Parliament, the Paffiigcs through the Street* betwern Temple-bar and ITest minsterhall shall be kept free and open, and that no Obstruction be /narie by Car*, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Tallage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Anns attending this Hoiifcdogive Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid; being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middle sex and ITcshtnnster, do take care that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning to One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during this Session of Parliament, the Paflajcs through the Streets between Temple-bar and fl\ stminster-hall shall be kept free and open, and that no Obstruction be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

ImrolnVfnn Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

W<'» Improvement.

Rest raining the Number of

Plajhouses.

Reading of the Bill to enable the present and future Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Houses in Lincoln s-inn-yields, in the County of Middle fee, to make a Rate on themselves, for railing Money sufficient to clean and adorn the said Fields, and to keep the same in Repair, be now read;

And the func being read accordingly;

The laid Fill was lead a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Child, Mr. Gybbon, Dr. Lee, Mr. Pultaicy, Sir Cordcl Fire brace. Sir John Barnard, Mr. Jeffreys, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Plumtr, Mr. Dig by, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Grenville, Sir John Rushout, Mailer of the Rolls, Mr. Pelham, Mr- Brereton, Mr. Chulmondeley, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Lehcup, Sir James Grant, Mr. Yorkc, Mr. Pollen,]Mr. Guidott, Mr. Fazakerlcy, Mr. Noel, Mr. Lech mere, Mr. Murray, Mr. Turner, Mr. Cary, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. 'Talbot, Mr. Byng, Mr. Bramston, Sir Jermyn Davei's, Mr. Price, Mr. Talbott, Mr. Edward Harley, Mr. Hoare, Sir Justinian Isham, Mr. Robert Harley, Sir Charles Vernon, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fcn-wick, Mr- Pobvurth, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Clayton, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. llcathcote, Mr. Archer, Sit Thomas Aston, Mr. Hooper, Sir/Cm. fly ml ham, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Hacks; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of tho Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of Antony Aston, Comedian, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That he conceives that he shall be ruined, if the Bill, now depending in this House, for restraining the Number of Houses for playing of Interludes; and for regulating common Players of Interludes; should pals into a Law: And therefore praying to be heard, personally, he being poor, and having no Money to fee Counsel.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner, if lie thinks fit, be heard before the said Committee.

A Petition of Charles Lee Esquire, Master, and Lc+ Restraining strange Symcs Esquire, Comptroller, of his Majestys *b« Number Revels, was presented to the House, and read; letting pjgyhouse*. forth, That the Petitioners are apprehensive that the Bill, now deluding in this House, for restraining the Number of Houses for playing of Interludes; and for regulating common Players of Interludes; will, if puffed into a Law’, affect their Right and Interest, they being, by Letters Patent from King Charles I Id, and his present Majesty, respectively, Matter and Comptroller of ail and Angular Drolls, Revels, and Masques, within this Realm; and the Patentees of these Offices having, by virtue thereof, always licensed Players of Interludes, Drolls, Country Shews and Entertainments to the increase of the public Revenue, each Licence being subject to a Stamp Duty, by which Licences Players are restrained from every thing tending to Profancncfs or Obiecnitv, or any ways olfenlive to Piety and good Manners; and a great Expence having attended the Petitioners, in procuring and passing their respective Patents: And therefore praying,

That a laving Clause may be inserted, or such Provision made, in the said Bill, for preserving the Right and Interest of the Petitioners, rci’pc6iively, as shall be agreeable to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to d;Uo# refelvt* itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for restraining the Number of Houses for playing of Intel hides; and for the belter regulating of common Players of Interludes; be now read:

And the feme being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. S}leaker left the Chair.

Sir John Barnard took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker rtfilmed the Chair.

Sir John Barnard reported from the Committee, That they bad confulered the several Petitions to them referred; and had heard Counsel upon the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names ure then unto subscribed, and others, upon whole Subscription the Theatre in Goodmans-Jiclds hath been built; and also upon the Petition of Hairy Gifford; and also upon the Petition ui John Potter; and 1 had hcun\Antuny Aston upon his Petition; and iiad muefea Prognlsin the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolvo itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords haveA agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sk Q;jes»g for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, pounrJ to passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Ma- Hub ,urn jesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from Roads*

St. Giles's Pound to Kilbourn Bridge, iu -the County of Middlesex; and for paving that Part of the Road, called Oxford-street; without any Amendment. And allb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Whitby for lengthening the West Pier of the Harbour of Whitby, Harbour, in the County of York, without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords do desire, That this House will give Leave The Lord* that John Selwyn Esquire, a Member of this House, may desire Leave attend their Lordships, to be examined as a Witness upon for aM«n-the Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of atteAI Trevor Lord Viscount Hillsborough, in the Kingdom of Ireland, with Dame Mary Denton; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

460 H" — 15

And then the Mefliengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this liouie will lend an Answer to that Part of the said Message which relates to John Selwyn Esquire, a Member of this House, by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were again called in:

And Mr. Speaker acquainted them, That the House had considered that Part of their Message which relates tt> John Selwyn Esquire, a Member of this House; and bad resolved to lend an Answer thereto, by Messengers of their own.

And theft the Messengers again withdrew.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Book*!1 into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Learning, by veiling the Copies of printed Books in the Authors or Purchasers of such Copies, during the Times therein mentioned, being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The ^ou^e> according to Order, resolved itself into o Fish, rc» a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the FirTt, intituled, An Act for the better preventing fresh Fish, taken by Foreigners, being imported into this Kingdom; and for the Preservation of the Fry of Fish; and for giving Leave to import Lobsters and Turbots, in foreign Bottoms; and for the better Preservation of Salmon within several Rivers, in that Part of this Kingdom called ' England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Winnington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Exportation . Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at ot oo. Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Heads for a Bill for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, and of Wool, and Wool ma-nufactured, from Ireland\ to foreign Parts.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 150 die Aprilis;

Anno 8° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1735.

Prayers.

Preservation A N ingrossed Bill for rendering the Laws more ef-ofTurnpikes, feftual for punching such Persons as shall wilfully

&c* and maliciously pull down, or destroy, Turnpikes, for repairing Highways; or Locks, or other Works, erected by Act of Parliament, for making Rivers navigable; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for rendering the Laws more effectual for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down, or destroy, Turnpikes, for repairing Highways; or Locks, or other Works, erected by Act of Parliament, for making Rivers navigable; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

0 Aprilis. 1735.

Ordered, That Colonel Selwyn do tarry the Bill to the Lords, and desire thetr Concurrence.

Resolved, That John Selwyn Esquire, a Member of Leave given this House, have Leave to go to the Lords, in order to to a Member be examined, as a Witness, upon the Bill mentioned in J°0^sen UiC their Lordships Message of Yesterday, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That a Message be lent to the Lords, to acquaint them. That this House has given Leave to John Selwyn Esquire, a Member of this House, to go to their Lordships, in order to be examined, as a Witness, upon the Bill mentioned in their Lordships Message of Yesterday, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That the Lord Sidney Beauclerlc do carry the said Message.

A Petition of the Inhabitants, Landholders, and House- Highgat# holders, of the Parish of St. Mary, Islington, in the County. and

of Middlefew, was pi'efented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Interest of the Petitioners will be 03 greatly aftefted by the Bill, now depending in this House, to explain, and make more effectual, the several Acts made and passed for repairing the Highways leading to Highgate Gate-house, and Hampstead, in the County of f Middlefew, so far as the same relates to the Statute-work to be done upon the said Highways, or Compositions to be made in lieu of the lame: And therefore praying.

That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Count'd, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill*

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, for the said Bill, at the same time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time, upon Friday Morning next.

A Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qua- Offices and lify themselves for Offices and Employments within the tllJFluy-Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time mcuis* for that Purpose; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for securing the Titles of Protestants to their Securing Estates in Ireland, purchased' of Papists; and for the Encouraging of Protestants to purchase Estates of Papists in 1 reiaucL the said Kingdom; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the York. Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Esther Crully Widow, Thomas Moseley, Gilbert de Ftines, Anne ora*>a*ljr‘ Finch, Theodore Davelt, Mary Bayly, Richard Phillips,

Philip Dikes, Forbes W'ilfon, Grace Holland, Daniel Cabroll, and others, whole Names are thereunto Tub-feribed, Creditors of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raffing the Thames Water in York Buildings, as also Proprietors of several Pans and Shares of the Stock of the said Company, on behalf of themselves, and others, was referred, be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Mr. Vyner reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered,

Importation «1 i'Uh, be-

Rritiol

Election.

8 Geo. II. 150 — 169

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confide-mtion upon Monday Morning next

Ordered That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, os shall be sufficient for the I Ye of the Members of the house.

Mr. Jlwirningfen, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole house, to whom the Rill to render more effectual an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of h s late Majesty King George the First, intituled, an Act for the better preventing fresh Fish, taken by Foreigners, being im|>orted into this Kingdom; and for die Preservation of die Fry of Fith *, and for

firing Leave to import Lobsters and Turbots in foreign bottoms; und for die hetter Preservation of Salmon within several Rivers in that Part of this Kingdom called England: was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Rill; and which dicy haddirested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and nfterwurds delivered the^Rill, with die Ame ndments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where die Amendments were once read throughout, and dien a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with un Amendment to one of diem, agreed to by die house.

And the house being moved, That die Clause of die find Act, made* in die First Year of his said late Majesty s Reign, which allows the Importation of Lobsters or Turbots in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, might he read; And the same being read accordingly:

A (Tause was offered, to be added to the Rill, for prohibiting die ImjKjrtution of Lobsters in foreign Ships or

VeflU*.

And the same was twice read, with Planks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Port of the Bill.

And several Amendments were made by die house to the* Bill.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted;

The House divided.

The Yeas w ent forth.

Tellers for the Yes, i**"'

’ £Mr. Ihompjon:

r~» 11 / 1 y? C Lord J. 0hearth.

Tellers for the Noes, <Xf , Ir t\

£Mr. Lcg/i Alasler:

So it passed in the Negative.

} 91-]>58-

The house, according to Order, proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City, and County of die City, of Bristol; and also of die Matter of the Petition and Representation of die several Persons, whole Names are diereto subscribed, all of the City of Bri/ioly and free Burgesses thereof.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the Petition of die Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal; and also the Petition of a great Number of the Freeholders and Burgesses, Inhabitants of the City, and County of the City, of Bristol; severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City, and County of die City, of Bristol; were severally read:

And the Petition and Representation of die several Persons, whole Names are thereto subscribed, all of the City of Bristol, and free Burgesses thereof, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners, against the said Election and Return, were heard:

And, as to the Right of Election, they produced the Charter, granted by King Edward the Third, to the Burgesses of the Town of Bristol\ dated the 8th Day of Au"lift, in the 40th Year of his Reign; and some Clauses therein were read:

And Copies of several Returns of Members to serve Vo l. 22.

in Parliament for the said Town, and County tiiereof, were produced, and read:

And a Copy of letters Patent of King Henry the Eighth, dated the 4th day of June, in the 34th Year of his Reign, was produced:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners alledged, and the Counsel for the Sitting Member admitted, That the T ow n of Bristol w as thereby made a City:

And Copies of several other Returns of Members to serve in Parliament for the City, and County of the City, of Bristol, were produced, and read:

And the Clerk of the Chapel of the Rolls, being examined as to the parliamentary Returns in that Repository,

Copies of several other Returns of Members to lerve in Parliament for the said City, and County thereof, were produced and read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were further heard as to the Right of Election:

And Part of the said Charter, granted by King Edward the Third, was read:

And the Charter granted by King Henry the Seventh, to the Mayor and Commonalty of the Tow n of Bristol, dated the 17th Day of December, in the 15th Year of his Reign, was produced, and Part thereof w as read:

And the Charter granted by King Edward the First, to the Burgesses of Bristol. dated the 28th Day of May, in the 28th Year of his Reign, was produced, and Part thereof was read.

And several Witnesses were examined, as to the Usage of the said City, and County thereof, in the Election of several Officers there.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw*.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions be adjourned till ThttrJ'day Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this IToulc will, upon this Day Seven- Colonial night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole house, SugarIraO*. to consider of the Petition of the Merchants and Planters trading to, and interested in, his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better securing the Limiting Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers in the iloute of Commons, be read a Second 1 e oue* time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the further Consideratioa of the Report Supply Bill; from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Land Tax. Bill for granting ail Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1735> was committed, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the house adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 16° die Aprilis j

Anno 8* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1735.

Prayers.

SIR Francis Child reported from the Committee, to St. Leonard w hom the Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church of St. Shoreditch Leonard\ in Shoreditch, in the County of Middle few, was Church-committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others, Freeholders, Leaseholders, Landholders, and Inhabitants, in the Parish of St. Leon~ ard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlefew; was referred;

That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and had gone through the Bill,

6 B and

Derwent-water's forfeited Estates

Regulating iMerc bants Seamen.

CIuiritaMe

Corporation

Lottery.

Offices and Employments.

462 16° Apnlis* A. 1735.

and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had direct'd him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to Ionic of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Wager presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for applying the Rents and Profits of the forfeited Estate of the late Earl of Derxventwater towards the Finishing and Completing of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and towards maiptaining the Pensioners therein, when the Building of the said Hospital shall be finished: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr Fane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue several Laws, therein mentioned, for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service; for the Regulation of Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet; for preventing Frauds in the Customs; and to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods; and for making Copper Ore, of the British Plantations, an enumerated Commodity: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Wilmington reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for prolonging the Time for claiming the fortunate Tickets in the Charitable Corporation Lottery; and for making Provision for Tickets, in the said Lottery, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

The lloule resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Charles Turner accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed bun to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, ill at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed*

An ingrossed Bill to enable Wm. Mackenzie^ late E^rl

of Sea forth, to fucyor maintain any A Sion or Suit, not- Lari w ithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him* by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit aoy real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter de-lcend or come to him; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Uilliam Mackenzie, late Earl of Sea forth, to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, not- -withstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Dilabifitr in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter de-icend or come to him.

Ordered, That Mr. Forbes do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for TregewM vesting Part of the real Estate late of James Tregeare Esquire, deceased, in Margery his Widow and ReliS, in Part of her Dower; and for Sale of the rest of the said Estate, for payment of the Debts of the said James Tre- i

gearc; and for laying out the Surplus-money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other I^ands, to the Use of Honour his Daughter, and her Heirs: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Edgar’s discharging Part of the Estate of Robert Edgar Esquire, in the County of Cambridge, from the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, he having settled an Estate in the County of Suffolk, of greater Value, to the same Lies: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Privilege into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to °ffraniin$ whom the Copy of his Majesty’s Warrant, whereby Let- ller5, ters are permitted to pals free from the Duty payable upon Poll Letters, was referred.

And the said Report was read.

And the Report, and Resolutions of the Committee^ are as followeth; viz.

The Committee, to whom the Copy of his Majesty’s Warrrant, whereby Letters are permitted to pals free from the Duty payable upon Post Letters, was referred, have met; andf pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter thereof: To which-Purpose,

The Committee, in the First Place* thought it necessary to inquire, from what Time the Privilege of franking Letters commenced, and in what manner it had been enjoyed, by the Members of the House of Commons; and having examined the First Steps of the Act, which granted the Post Revenue to his Majesty King Charles the Second, they find, in the Paper Bill, which remains in the Custody of the Clerk of this House, a Clause, providing and en-aSing;

" That all the Letters, which at any time hereafter,

" be sent by or unto any of the Knights, Citizens, and " Burgesses, chosen, and continuing, to be Members " of the Parliament of England, and fitting in Parliament, shall be freely, and without any Charge unto " them, safely carried and conveyed, by all and every " Letter Polt established by this Act, according to the " Directions of the said Letters; any thing in this Act P to the contrary notwithstanding."

Which Clause was left out by the Lords, as appears by the Journals of the House of Commons; as your Committee suppolc, because there was no Provision made for their Letters passing free; and because as it was a Money Bill, they could not make any Addition to it, though they took upon tllem to leave out Part of it; which occasioned some Difficulty in the House of Commons, about passing the Bill; to facilitate which, your Committee have Reason to believe, that the Persons who had then the Honour to lerve the Crown, and who were Members of the House of Commons, gave the rest of the Members

Affuranqes,

8 Geo. II. 16° Aprilis. 463

Assurances, that their Letters should pa£> free, though they parted the Bill, without infixing upon that Clause.

And your Committee think tin mlelves warranted in this Belief, ns well from the Tradition of Several old Members, os by oblening, that the Parliament which granted this Revenue was dissolved on the *20th Day of December lririo, the same Day that the Pill luid the Royul Assent; and the next Parliament which was called met on the Eighth Day of May iridi; immediately after which, your Committee find a printed Paper deliveiedin to them, from the Pott Office, intituled, An Extratt of a Warrant from the King, dated May 14th, 1061, and signed Edward Nicholas and Jfilham Morrice, the then Secretaries of State; which runs in the following Words:

Charks R.

14 The King being informed, by his Principal Secre-

taries of State, That the Members of Parliament leaned unwilling to pay for the Portage of their Letters during the Sitting of Parliament, his Majesty was thereupon graciously pleated to give Directions to the Fanners of his Port Office, That all tingle letters, but not Packets, lent by the Post Office, to or from any Member of cither House of Parliament, go free, w ithout Payment of any thing for the Port thereof."

Which Warrant being obtained from the King, on the Representation of the Secretaries of State, That the Members were unwilling to pay for tluir Letters, confirms your Committee in the Opinion, That it was granted in confluence of former Assurances given.

Your Committee proceeded to examine the Journals of this House; and find, That, lb rtx)ii after the establishing the Post Office, as the 19th October 1060, this Entry is made:

Ordered, That F.dtrard Huberts be sent for, in Cuf-u tody of the Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy, to anl wer M his Abuse and Breach of Privilege, in exacting Money M of the Members of this I loufe lor Post Letters.

44 October 23d, 1666.

Ordered, That Edu ard Roberts be discharged of his " Commitment to the Serjeant at Anns, paying his " Fees."

Your Committee find another Entry, dated February 6th, ififiri, in tlicfc Words:

" Sir Philip Frtncdc, who is entrusted with the manage-u ment of the Port ()ffice by his Royal I lighnels the Duke of York, being called in to the Bar of this House, and " Jiving Information, 'lTiat certain Attoniies, and in particular one Peter Mason, do take upon them to lu|>er- feribe Letters, in the Name of Members of this House, 44 to have than carried gratis; whereby his Ilighncfs is abuted in his Revenue, and the Privilege of Parliament infringed;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges, to examine the Abuse and Breach of Privi- Icgc objected against one Peter Mason, an Attorney, " and others, in liiperfcribing the Names of Members of this House to their ow n letters, to have them carried gratis; and report the Matter, with their Opinion

therein, to the 1 loufe; and that the Committee do fit this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock."

Your Committee, considering that the Duke of York enjoyed this Revenue under the Crown, conceive, that this must be looked upon as the strongest Acknowledgement, That the Franking of Letters was a Privilege of this House; and that the Poftinafters then were so far from thinking themselves at Liberty to strike out the Names of Members signed by themselves, that they thought themfeUcs obliged to desire the Assistance of the House of Commons, when the Name of a Member appeared upon a Letter, though counterfeited.

Your Committee thought it not necessary to make their Report tedious, by inferring all the Orders they found upon the Journals, relating to the Post Office, not doubting, but that thelfc already mentioned were sufficient to fetisfy the House, That the Privilege of having their Lel> Vol. 22.

ters go free has been enjoyed by the Members of the privilege of House of Commons, as long as the Revenue has been Flanking enjoyed by the Crown. Letters.

Your Committee then proceeded to examine the Officers belonging to the Post Office; and the Person who could give the most material Evidence in the Affair, then before the Committee, was Mr. Eduard Cave, who called himself Supervilbr of the Franks; and acquainted the Committee', 41 That his Buliuels was to controul Letters, and to charge those not permitted by the King’s Warrant to go free: That, at his Entrance into his Office, in 1721, lie had a general Direction to charge all Letters not wholly superlcribed by the Member; and had Orders likewise to charge those that were not about the Members Business; and in this was flip ported by the Governors." Being asked,

What Rule be lmd to know whether Ijetters were about the Members Business or not? he gave the following ones, which, lie said, directed him; 44 That a Letter coming from a Place where he knew the Member signing w as not, was a Reason to him to think it not about the Members Business, and to charge it: That lie could frequently fee, by the Help of the Candle,

44 through a Cover directed to a Member, an inclosed letter directed to anotltcr Person; in which Cafe,

44 his w ay was to charge it, and to notify its not being about a Members Business, or to stainp H. J. upon 44 it, which were the initial Letters of Henry Jacques,

44 his Predecessor in the Office, under whom he learned the Ait of finding out falle Franks, as he termed them; which still continues a Mark among them for that Purpose: That another Motive for his charging the Letters of Members is, when he know s the Mein- ber to he in Mourning, and his Letter is not sealed with black Wax: That he frequently guesses; and Members Letters may sometimes be charged, through Mistake; but that then they ore always ready to return the Members the Money so charged: That when he is in doubt, he always thinks it better to tax, bearing in mind the Postmaster General's Maxim,

44 We can give Redrels at any time, but can never recover what is slipt: That he has observed the Franks increase with every new Parliament: That as the new Members do, and have a Right to, frank Let- ters, those who were in the last Parliament do not w ill- ingly part with that Privilege, and, by the Acquaint- ance they still have in the House of Commons, they get blank Franks, which being superferibed by the said old Members, whole Hand-writing he is acquainted with, he apprehends it to be the Business of the Mem- ber of the lait Parliament, and then strikes off the Frank."

Your Committee cannot help observing, upon this Evidence, That the Methods by which Mr. Cave pretends to distinguish whether Letters concern the Business of the Members themselves, or not, are very uncertain, and tending to give a great deal of unnecessary Trouble to the Members; but that if he has any surer Methods, which lie did not think fit to disclose, they must still be of infinitely worfc Consequence.

Your Committee then proceeded to peruse a Paper, intituled,

An Account of the Diminution of the Revenue, by franking of Letters, from the Year 1715 to the Year 1734:

Which they have hereunto annexed, N* I, by whiclv there appears a great gradual Increase of Franks: And they examined Mr. John Searle, the Accomptant General of the Poll Office: Who said, 44 It was a general Account; and not of the Diminution arising from Members franking only?’

Your Committee then examined Mr. Joftph Be it, Comptroller General: Who acquainted the Committee,

That the Account delivered oy Mr. Searle, included " the Two Houses of Parliament and the State Offices: n That the Practice prevailed against taking any Ac-mm" count of the Franks of the Clerks of the Port; Office,

44 though

Privilege.

ranking

Ltltcjb.

!l

t

1

4$4

16° Aprilis. A. 1735.

of " though he owned they franked a good deal, to make u them amends for the Smallncfs of their Salary: lhat £< what was called an Account of the Diminution of the " Revenue, by Franking, was rather an Estimate, and " taken in the following manner: That they weighed " all the Letters, franked at the Office, once, twice, or " perhaps at most thrice, in the Year; and, taking an " Account of that Weight, they concluded, that the u Franks of every Night, till the next Weighing, should " be the fame: That they endeavoured to take their " Weighing at as equal times as they could, when they " had no particular Reason to believe the Postage higher <£ or lower than ordinary; as when the King's Speech, " or any such Publick Paper, came out: That there " could be no Distinciion of the Franks of Lords, Com-u mons, or State Offices, they being all weighed together."

Your Committee, for further Information in this Affair, called for a Paper, intituled,

An Account of the net Revenue of the Post Office from the Year 1715 to the Year 1734:

Which they have hereunto annexed N® II.: And as this Account is a certain Account, and not an Estimate, they find by it the Revenue is not really diminished, in any Proportion to what it appears to be by the former Estimate; and Mr. Bell explained that, by acquainting the Committee, " That he did not apprehend, that Onethird of the Letters, which are franked, would go by " the Polt if not franked."

Your Committee, having thus stated the Fa&s, have thought fit, as well for prelcrving the Privilege of this House, as to guard the Revenue against any unlawful Diminution, to come to the following Resolutions:

1. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Privilege of Franking Letters, by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, cholen to represent the Commons in Parliament, began with the erecting a Post Office, within this Kingdom, by Act of Parliament.

2. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Letters, not exceeding Two Ounces, ligned by the proper hand of, or directed to, any Member of this House, during the Sitting of every Session of Parliament, and Forty Days before, and Forty Days after, every Summons, or Prorogation, ought to be carried and delivered freely and lafely from all Parts of Great Britain and Ireland, without any Charge of Postage.

3. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is an high Infringement of the Privilege of the Knights,

Citizens, and Burgesses, cholen to represent the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament, for any Post-master, his Deputies, or Agents, in Great Britain or Ireland, to detain or delay, open or look into, by any means whatsoever, any Letter directed to, or signed by, the proper hand of any Member, without an express Warrant, in writing, under the hand of one of the Principal Secretaries of State, for every such detaining, delaying, opening, or looking into.

4. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Letters, directed to any Member of this House, at any Place within the Bills of Mortality, be carried by the proper Officers of the Post Office to the House or Lodgings of such Member, or to the Lobby of the House of Commons.

5. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is a notorious Breach of the Privilege of die House of Commons, for any Person to counterfeit the Hand, or put the Name, of any Member of the House of Commons, upon any Letter, in order to prevent its being charged with the Duty of Poltage.

6. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such Persons as shall preiume to do the fame, ought to be proceeded against with the utmost Severity.

N°I. — An ACCOUNT of the Diminution of the Revenue, by franking of Letters, from the Year 1715 to the Year 1734.

Anno\716 . _ _ £ 17,121 s. 9 d.

1717 - - - 17,509 17 11

1718 - - - 16,967 14 6

1719 - - - 18,246 4 11

1720 - - - 20,832 8 1

1721 - - - 24,004 5 10

1722 - - - *2,793 4 1

1723 - - - 24,167 26,836 2 11

1724 - - - 1 _!'

1725 - - - 31,229 10

1726 - - - 34,230 10 2

1727 - - - 30,696 9 6

1728 - - - 33,372 6 8

1729 - - - 32,396 16 6

1730 - - 34,99° 14 4

J73i - - - 36,795 5 10

1732 <r - - 37,589 8 —

1733 - - - 38,082 12 5)

N* II. — ACCOUNT of the net Revenue of the Post Office, from the Year 1715 to the Year 1734.

Net Produce of the Post Office. £. 700 per Week paid into the Exchequer. Pensions paid at the Post Office. Net Revenue of the Post Office.

Anno 1716 _ 93.367 8 7 36,400 — - 24,066 32,901 8 7

1717 - - - 97,481 5 7 36,400 24,065 — 37,oi6 5 7

1718 - - 99,841 13 1 37,100 22,777 18 — 39,963 15 —

1719 - - - 99,328 5 1 36,400 22,200 — 40,728 5 1

1720 - - - 107,924 5 1 36,400 26,806 17 — 44,717 8 1

l?2l - - 110,970 13 — 36,400 29,200 — . — 45,370 13 —

1722 - - 95,079 8 4 36,400 26,200 — 32,479 8 4

1723 - - - 96,339 7 6 37,ioo 27,026 14 2 32,212 13 4

1724 - - " 99,867 18 10 36,400 24,730 9 7 38,737 9 3

1725 - - 94,812 14 8 36,400 22,577 10 8 35,835 4 —

1726 - - 100,889 13 1 36,400 26,525 — 37,964 13 1

*727 - - - 104,665 7 9 36,400 22,689 5 9 45,576 2 —

1728 ~ - - - 92,307 10 10 36,400 23,950 31,957 10 10

172CT ~ - " - 94,790 5 7 37,100 27,075 — 30,615 5 7

1730 - - 92,169 15 8 36,400 23,900 — 31,869 15 8

173l " - " - 92,030 11 8 36,400 23,900 — — 31,736 11 8

*732 " 92,146 6 8 36,400 23,900 — 31,846 6 8

1733 9J>7oi ii — 37,100 23,508 17 3 31,092 13 9

£ »,755,729 2 — 658,000 — — 445,098 12 5 652,621 9 7 i

The

8 Geo. II. 16° — 170 . 465

The First Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

The Journal of the House, of the Ninth Day of September, 1715, was read, in relation to the Proceedings of the House upon the Complaint, then made, of great Abuses in franking Post Letters.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

The 1 ith Section of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for establishing a General Post Office for all her Majesty’s Dominions; and for settling a weekly Sum, out of the Revenues thereof, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty s Occasions, for Prevention of Abuses committed by opening, detaining, or delaying,

of Letters or Packets; was read.

And a Debate arising in the House, upon the said Resolution;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas fSir Wm‘,) o«

tellers for the Yeas, S 3'

Tellers for the Noes, J gj. j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

1 Preventing Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se-i hn°S- ▼ennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole f Jent!& c. in House, upon the Bill for explaining and amending an Scotland* Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland in the Year .1701, intituled, An Act for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, and against undue Delays in Tryals.

Limiting Ordered, That the Bill for the better securing the Free-

O/ficers in <]om of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers u 0 c* in the House of Commons, be read a Second time upon Tuesday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

... Orderedf That the further Consideration of the Report Land Lx. h*orn the Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1735, was committed, be further adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Committee r Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-w Privileges, tions be adjourned.

Tregcaro’s Ordered, That Sir Robert Rich have Leave to make a hiau. Motion, it being near Six of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

And an ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the real Estate, late of Janies Tre-

geare Esquire, deceased, in Margery his Widow and Relict, in Part of her Dower; and for Sale of the rest of the said Estate, for Payment of the Debts of the said James Tregeare, and for laying out the Surplus-money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to the Use 1 of Honour his Daughter, and her Heirs; was read the

First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Agar's Ordered, That Sir Jei'myn Davers have Leave to Eta. make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And an ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging Part of the Estate of Robert Edgar Esquire, in the County of Cambridge, from the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, he having settled an Estate, in

Vol. 22.

the County of Suffolk, of greater Value, to the same Use; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till1 Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Joiiis., 170 die Aprilis;

Anno 8* Georgii II41 Regis, 1735.

Prayers.

A BILL for applying the Rents and Profits of the Derwent-forfeited Estate of the late Earl of Derwentwater, water’s for-towards the Finishing and Completing of the Royal feued Estate. Hospital at Greemvich, and towards maintaining the Pensioners therein, when the Building of the said Hospital shall be finished; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said BilL

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, to' whom Actions on the Bill for regulating the Proceedings in Actions on the Hue and Cry. Statute of Hue and Cry, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to, and of, some of them, agreed to by the House.

And feme Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir William Wyndham reported from the Committee, Dyke’t to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Estate.

An Act for vesting an undivided Moiety of divers Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties oiOxon and Kent, the Estate of Elizabeth Dyke, an Infant, in Edxvard Dyke Esquire, and his Heirs, in Exchange for his undivided Moiety of divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the 'Counties of Somerset and Devon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk/s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 2. L. 2, Leave outr " the Fourth Part of:"

Press 4. L. 37, 38. Leave out u the Fourth Part " of." \

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Fane presented to the House, according to Order, Sail-cloth a Bill to continue feme Laws, therein mentioned, relating Manufo&ure, to the Encouragement of the Making of Sail-cloth in &c#

Great Britain; and for Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Oglethorpe presented to the House, according to Carrying Order, a Bill to continue an Act, pafl'ed in the Third Rice from 6 C Year

St. James Westminster $ial)tly WateJb

Offices and Employments.

Restrainii £ the Number of Play> houses.

466 if Aprtlis. 1735.

Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,* An Act for granting Liberty to- carry Rice from his Majesty's Province of Carolina, in America, directly, in any Part of Etrtope, Southward of Cape Finijftrre, in Ships built in, and belonging to, Great Britain, and navigated1 according to Law: And the same was received; and read the PfrR time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Lord Tyrconnel reported from the Committee, to whotn the Bill for the better regulating the nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the Two Parishes of St. Jafltcs, and St. George Hanover Square, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to* the House; and he read the Report in his Place;, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at 'the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; awd, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments of some of them; agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An kigrofled Bill to indemnify Persons who have Omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, within the time limited by Law, and for allowing further time for that Purpose; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, within the time limited by Law, and for allowing further time for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Francis Forcer, Proprietor of Sadler*s Wells, was presented to the House, and read; alledging, That Sadlers Wells have been* for upwards of Forty Years, a Place of Reputation, nothing immoral, or indecent being, represented there, the Diveriions consisting m Music, Rope Dancing, Ground Dancing, and other Activities of Body, concluding with a lliort Pantommie Entertainment, all in Dumb Show, which, as the Petitioner conceives, do not break in upon the proper Business of the Stage, being never opened till about the Middle of March, and being continued no longer than till the End of August; but that, during the time of l'uch Performances, Wine, and other Liquors, being fold there, and it being enacted, by a Clause in the Bill, now depending in this House, for reftrmning the Number of Houses for playing of Interludes, and for better regulating common Players of Interludes, That if any Play, or other Entertainment of the Stage, shall be acted, represented, or performed, in any House, or Place, where Wine, Ale, Beer, or other Liquors, shall be fold, the same shall be subject to the like Penalties, as if acted and performed for Gain, Hire, and Reward, the Petitioner, if such Clause is not explained, amended, or left out, may be subject to malicious, frivolous, and vexatious, Pro-fccutions on account of such Performances, which would be very hard, he having been at great Expence in making Conveniencies for such Entertainments, and innocent Diversion; and being incumbered with a long Lease of the Premises, at a great Rent: And therefore praying the House to give him such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table;

It palfed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition be rejected.

Mr. Earle, according to Order, reported from the Wendov«r Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it Election-appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Wendover, in the County of Bucks, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and the Report and Resolutions are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of James Lord Viscount Limerickf. in the Kingdom of Ireland, complaining of anr undue Election and Return of John Boteler Esquire, to lerve in Parliament for the Borough of Wendoverr in the County of Bucks.

The Petitioner’s Counsel insisted, That the Qualification of John Boteler Esquire was not sufficient to entitle him to a Seat in this House, pursuant to- the Act of Parliament, passed 9* Annas, c. 5. which enacts, That no Person shall be capable to fit or vote as a Member of the House of Commons, for any City, Borough, or Cinque Port, within that Part of Great Britain called England. who shall not have an (Estate Freehold, or Copyhold, for his own Life, or for feme greater Estate, either in Law, or Equity, to and for his own Use and Benefit, of or in*

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, over and above what will latisly and clear all Incumbrances that may affect-the fame:

And, it being agreed* by the Counsel oti both Sides to proceed only upon the Qualification of the said Mr--Boteler;

The Probate of the Will of Philip Boteler Esquitfe,* dated the 18th of August 1708, and proved in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury the 2d of May 1712, was produced; whereby he devises all his Manors, Lands* Tenements, and Hereditaments, whatsoever, to Trustees, and their Heirs, to the several Uses and Trusts therein mentioned; and, amongst others, to the Use of Ids Coulirc John Boteler, for and during the Term of his natural’Life only, and from and after the Determination of that Estate, to the Use of the Trustees and their Heirs, during the Life of the said John Boteler, uponTrust, toprelerve the contingent Uses and Estates, thereinafter limited, from being destroyed, but neverthelefe to permit tihe said John Boteler to receive the Rents and Profits thereof, during his Life; and, after his Decease, to his Son Philipr with Power to him to settle a Jointure out of any Part of the said Premises, except the Lands in the Parish of Wat* ton at Stojie, In the County of Hertf ord; and, from and after the Determination of the same Estate, of the said Philip, to the Use of the said Trustees, and their Heirs, to preserve the contingent Uses and Estates, thereinafter limited, from being defeated, but, in Trust, to permit the* said Philip to receive the Rents and Profits during his Life; apd, after his Decease, to the Use of his First Son* in Tail Mail, with Remainder to the Second, Third,

Fourth, and all and every other Son and Sons of his Body, in Tail Male; and, in Default of such I flue, to the Ute of his own right Heirs; and thereby charged his reaL Estate, in case of Failure of Issue Male, with his Debts*

Legacies, and Funeral Expences, lb far as his personal Estate shall fall short; but willed that no Part of his real-Estate should be fold; but that the Trustees should raise Money, and pay the Debts, Legacies, and FuneraL Expences, out of the Rents and Profits thereof, and by Sate of Timber; and willed. That the Trustees should keep Possession of his real Estate, for the Purposes aforesaid, until they should have raised Money sufficient to satisfy the feme, together with the Colts- and Charges the said Trustees shall be put unto; and wills them full and ample Allowance for Satisfaction; and further directs, That his 1

said Trustees shall not let his Mansion-house and Park, called Woodhall Park, but shall keep the House and Gardens in sufficient Repair, and also a sufficient Stock of Deer, during the Continuance of the said Trust; and wills. That, in case of Failure of 1 flue Male of his Body, that his good Friend Mr. Marmaduke Atington should have the Management and Care of all his feid Estate, j

5 both i

8 Geo. II. i 70 Ap 4^?

both real and personal, with Power to let Leases, at a' -Rack Rent not exceeding Eleven Years, to commence irv Pofiession; and, in Reference to the Receipts and Dif-burlements of the Rents and Profits, until his Debts, Legacies, and Funeral Expences, shall be paid and satisfied; and, over and above, gave to the said Mr. Aimgton the yearly Sum of Fifty Pounds, and gave to his Wife Three Brace of Bucks, and Three Brace of Does; and lastly, appoints William Ettricke and Marmaduke Aimgton joint Executors.

The Sitting Member’s Qualification was objected to.

The Particulars given in amount to £. 1,050. 8s. od. per Amrum, and consists ot\

Annual Value.

Value to be sold.

Farm-rents, and Cottage-rents, at 25 Years Purchase - -Quit Rents -

Underwood communi-bus Annis -

Manlion-house, Park, and Mill -

£ s. d. 570 8 6

40 19 6

200----- L

£ s. d. 14,260 ii 6 1,249 *2 ©

5,000-----

5,750 -

i;05 0 — —

26,160 5 —

And therein is alledged, That, ait the Dedth of Mr. Philip Boteler, the Incumbrances on the Estate amounted to £. 28,046. 4?. 6d. which are now' reduced, by Payments out of the Rents and Profits, and by Sale of Timber, to the Sum of £. 9,000.

That the Timber on the Estate, ^vliich is subje6i to ihe Payment of the said Debt, is of the Value of £. 2,000 which will reduce the Debt to £. 7,000; lb that Mr: Boteler is intitled to an Estate of the yearly Value of £: 1,0,50. 8s. and worthy. 26,160. ,5 s. od. to be sold, besides the Reversion of a Jointure of £. 1,012 per Annum; and which Estates are only subjefit to the several Debts amounting to £. 9*000*

And, in the said Particular, the Tenants Namfes and Rents, and the Mansion-house and Quit-rents, are enumerated.

And the Cfcftifidate of the Oath of the said John Boteler, as to his Qualification, dated the 3d of April 1734, w as read:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner alledged, That the House, Park and Mill, were wot a sufficient Qualification, within the Meaning of the Act; and called,

Marmaduke Aimgton Esquire: Who laid, That he knew the Estate of Mr. Philip Boteler in Watton at Stone, in Uertjbrdshire: That the same was under the Direction of the Court of Chancery; and that a Receiver was appointed; and that it appears, by the said Receiver’s Accounts to Michaelmas 1721,

That the Farm and Cottage^rents wefe £. s. d. about per Annum A 440 5 6

Quit-rents - - - - -233 — ‘

A Quit-rent of 40 Marks per Annum - - 26 13 4

And an Estate, in Hertfordshirt, recovered since Michaelmas 1731 - - 108 2 —

598 3 10

Exclusive of Mrs. Boteler s Jointure of about £i 1,000 per Annum, and upwards; and, besides the House and Park, to which he can set no Value.

Being aiked, Why be did not keep Pofiession of the House and Park ? he said, He quitted it by virtue of a Decree of the Court of Chancery, on account of the Expences attending it, and keeping it in Repair:

He could not say what the Disbursements are, but he was glad to get rid of it 1 That he had those Accounts of Disbursements intermixed with other Payments, and believed he could make them out if he had time s That the Debt was above £. 27,000 and the Application of the personal Estate, with what has beeri produced from the real Estate, has reduced the Debt to £ 9,000:

That he does not apprehend Mr. Boteler can pay

Vol. 22.

the Debt: That Mr. Boteler has no Share, but the Wendbvtr House, Park, and MiH; and he knew not of any thing EWho®* more:

That he had £. 400 per Annum under the Decree, but the Estate would not bear it, so it is since discharged from that Payment:

That common Fame fays, the House and Park is let to Lord Montrath at £. 200 per Annum, besides the Mill, which is let for £. 32 per Annum.

Being fcross-examined, he said, The Timber was liable to answer the Trust; and that he has taken as much as he could come at:

That, when the Debts are paid, Mr. Boteler ii intitled to the Reversion, as by the Limitations in the said Will is directed

And as to the Underwood, that is in the Care of a Wood Ward; and, as to Fuel, it produced, in the Year

1731 - - - - £ 134 17 4

1732 - - - - 119 9

1733. T - - - 136 18

That it differs in Value more or less; and, at an Average, it might produce £. 130 or 133 per Annum:

That Mr. Boteler died in 1712, when the Trust Estate* came to him:

That the personal Estate amounted to about £. 14,0007 That something considerable has been raised, by Fall of Timber, about £. 4,000; and, about a Year and an Half ago, he paid off £. 506: That the Rents and Profits would not much more than answer the Interest; and that it may produce, exclusive of the Charges, about £. 100, per Annum.

Edward Maithexvs said, He was Servant to Mr.

Bottler about Three or Four Years ago, but never knew what the Estate produced.

Then his Account to Mr. Boteler, signed by him and his Master, was produced; and it appeared by the said Account, which was read, that it contained Seven Years from Lady-day 1722 to Lady-day 1729: and the Money he therein had charged himself Debtor for, arose from Rabbits* Wood, and Hay, &c.; but that Venison was not included in that Account: That* on the Creditor Side, it appeared, that the Balance of the said Seven Years Account amounted to £.66. 11$. 8\d. which was then paid to the said Mr. Boteler: That a good deal of the Money was paid for Repairs, and other Things:

That the House and Gardens were not included in that Account: That there were about 300 Head of Deer in the Park: and that the Meadow and Field was divided from the Park: That Lord Montrath lived in the House some Part of his time; but he could not say how long:

That he never received any Rent from Lord Montrath:

Being aiked* What Quantity of Venison he might kill, he said, Thirteen or Fourteen Brace, some Years not lb many; but one Season he killed 19 Brace, and Seven,

Eight* or 10, Brace of Does.

He said, the usual Price of a Buck was £.4* and £. 4.

10$; and that Does are always Half the Price: That he knew not the Measure of the Park, but believed it might be about 400 Acres:

That the Hobfe and Park were in very good Repair when he came away:

That he never received for above Two or Three Bucks* that he killed by Mr. Boteler s Order; arid believed that 12 or 13 Brace of Bucks* and as many Does, might annually be killed, without lessening the Stock of Deer:

That the rown Hay, being the Second Crop, served the Deer; and that the First Crop might be fold.

Being aiked, as to the Value of the Land; he said.

There is Land worth 40$. and some worth £. 3 per Acre; and believed it might be let for between Two and Three hundred Pounds per Annum, to fatten Bullocks:

That there is poor Land worth about Eight or Nine Shillings per Acre; but he could not say what Quantities of Acres there are of each Soil.

The Counsel for the Sitting Member alledged, That Mr.

Boteler

4 6$

Botder was out of the Kingdom at the time the Account was made: That the said Account did not include the House and Gardens, nor the Deer nor Mill; and that his Qualification was allowed in 1715, when he was voted duly elefited for Hertforda That the Debt was ieflened since: That the Consequence of that Qualification being allowed, was, his taking the Gath at the last Eie&ion. Then the said Report of the 21st May 1715 was read. As also his Qualification, delivered in the 20th April .1715, being the feme Estate now given in to be hfa Qualification;

And the Decree of the Court of Chancery, dated the 22d of February 12* Anna, was also read 'r whereby the Sitting Member, the Plaintiff in the said Cause, is decreed an Allowance of £. 400 per Annum; but is to keep the Mansion-house, Out-houses, and Gardens, in good Repair, according to the Directions in the said Testaiofs Will; and that he do not let the fame; and the Plaintiff is likewise to keep up the Park, and the Stock of Deer therein, according to the said Will, and not to let the feme:

And Four Receipts were produced, and proved under Mr. Robert Jacomb's Hand, of several Sums received of Lady Torringtmi, which Ihe received from Lord Mon-tratk, and paid to the same Mr. Jacomb, for the U£e of John Botder Esquire.

And then,

Edward Mathews being again called, and examined, laid, That, before 1729, he killed Two or Three Bucks for Lord Mont rath, which were paid for, and the Money brought to Account: That he served Lord Montrath alter wards, when he took the Park into his Hands: That he killed a few Deer for him ;. but none were sold by my Lord:

And since be gave an Account, as in his former Evidence, of 19 Brace; and, upon Recollefilion, he said, he believed he killed 25 Brace that Seafbn, for there were many old Bucks: but could give no Account of what was killed for Three Years* after.

And farther said, That, from 1722 to 1729, he killed the Vension, and sent it to the Cooks in London, who, he believes, accounted to Mr. Boteler:

That, in 1722, there were about 300 Head of Deer: That he left a better Stock in 1729

That he knew nothing of any Bargain with Lord Mon-troth, except that his Lordship hired the House and Gardens several Years before he hired the Park; and that then he paid for Rabbets:

That the Land, one Acre with another, may be worth Fifteen or Sixteen Shillings an Acre.

That, from 1722 to 1729, no Horses, or other Cattle, were kept in the Park, but what his Master Botder had die Profit of: That he had Ten Pounds a Year for Wages, said Seven Shillings a Week, and a Man at Six. Shillings-a Week.

And being, asked. How many Deer the Park would keep I he said, About Five hundred; and1 how many he could kill out of every Hundred ? he said, Six Brace of Bucks of the First Head, and Does in Proportion.

After which,.

The Counselfor the Petitioner aHedged, That the said Estate would not bear the former Allowance to Mr. Bote-kr of £. 400 per Annum; and produced a Copy of a decretal Order of the Court of Chancery, made 2 2d December, 90 Geo.; and the same was read; wherein ijt is ordered and declared, That no Part of the said £.400 ought to be allowed to the Defendant John Botder and doth therefore order, that the Payment thereof, for the future, to the said John Boteler, do cease.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

K Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Botder Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of IVendover, in the County of Bucks.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right honourable James Lord Viscount Li-

mericky in the Kingdom of Ireland, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of IVendoverv

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the late Election of a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of IVendover, as to the said John Boteler Esquire, is a void Election.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Part of the Will of Philip Botder Esquire, recited in the said Report, in relation* to the Devise of his real Estate, was read:

And the First Section' of an A&, made in the Ninth , Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments* by the farther qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons, was also read*.

Then the said Resolutioir was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the rest of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mf. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgess to serve in this* present Parliament for the Borough of IVendover, in the County of Bucks, in the room of John Botder Esquire, whose Election is declared void.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the 1^ several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City, and County of the City, of Bristol; and also of the Matter of the Petition and Representation of the several Persons whose Names are thereto subscribed, all of the City of Bristol, and free BurgetTes thereof; be further adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 18a die Aprilis;

Anno 8° Georgii IId! Regis, 1735-Prayers.

PETITION of his Majestys Justices of the Peace Retej for the County of Middlesex, in their General the Numb*? Quarter Sessions assembled, was presented to the House,

md read; setting forth, That, of late Years, several new Theatres, Play-houses, or Houses for playing of Interludes, have beeni erected, in the County of Middlesex, without any legal Authority, as the Petitioners apprehend; where divers ill-disposed Persons meet together, and aQ; Plays, Tragedies, and Comedies; and, in others, Entertainments of the Stage are performed, where Wine, Ale, Beer, and other Liquors, are publickly fold and retailed, for the Encouragement of disorderly Persons to resort to such Houses; which, the Petitioners think, tends greatly to the Corruption of Youth, and Encouragement of Vice, Lewdnefe, and all manner of Immorality: And therefore praying, in regard to the Laws, now in* being, have been found insufficient for preventing so grow ing an evil, That the Bill, now depending in Parliament, against such pernicious Practices, may pass into a Law, or that feme other adequate Remedy may be applied, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for restraining the Number of Houses for playing of Interludes, and for the better regulating common Players of Interludes* is committed.

A Bill to continue several Law's, therein mentioned, for Regoiat the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merck Merchants Service; for the Regulation of Pilots of Dover, Scaaien Deal, and the Isle of Thanet; for preventing Frauds in the Customs> and to prevent the clandestine Running of

Goods,

170 — t8° Aprilif.

Sail-clotk Manufacture, ice.

CluV.lttao

laclosure.

Ft. James

Westminster

nightly

wjtib.

CMlrtnn

Wiofure.

Carrying Rice from Carolina.

8 Geo. II.

18° Apr

Goods, and for making Copper Ore of the British Plantations an enumerated Commodity, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Fane, Mr. Papillon, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Lon-guevi/le, Sir Wilfrid Law fan, Mr. Vyner, Sir. Earle, Sir James Campbell\ Mr. Af aider, Mr. Rutherford, Mr. Hampden, Lord Gage, Dr. Ixe, Mr. Pin nitre, Mr. Wollaston, Mr. Reheat*, Sir Wm. Lout her, Mr. Baker, Mr. Hume Campbell, Sir Francis Child, Mr. White, Sir James Grant% Mr. Curzon, Mr. Life, Mr. Cnfler, Ix>rd Pobwarth, Mr. Noel, Lord Tyrconnel, Mr. B atkin U rns. Wynne, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gregory. Mr. Baron Birch, Lord Advocate, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Rrmnpfton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Wyndham; and all the Merchants of the House; and all the Members that serve for the Sea Ports; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Rohe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Live of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to continue some I^aws, therein mentioned, relating to the Encouragement of the Making of Sailcloth in Great Britain*, and for Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; was read a Second time.

Refilled, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen, and Mr. Edxcards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to make a Di\ of certain

Commons, and waste I^ands, laving within the Manor and Parish of Chedte/on, in the County of Stafford, among the Proprietors, in order to inclov the fame: To which the Lords detire the Concurrence of this I loufe.

And then the Messengirs withdrew.

An ingrossed Poll for the better regulating the nightly Watch, and Beadles, within thrTwo Parisht sofSt.James, and St.George, HanoverJijuarry within the Liberties of the City of Wijhninjlrr, w as read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pats: And that the Title bo, An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles w ithin the Two Parillu > of St. James, and St. George, Hanover Jijuare, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster.

Ordered, That the Lord Tyrconnel do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delirc their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to make a Division of certain Commons, and wafto Lands, laving within the Manor and Parish of Chcdleton, in the County of Stafford, among the Proprietors, in order to inclose the fame, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to continue an Act, passed in the Third Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting Liberty to carry Ilice from his Majesty’s Province of Carolina, in America, directly in any Part of Europe, Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Ships built in, and belonging to, Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Cary, Lord Tyrconnel, Mr. Fox, Mr. Pollen, Sir Orl. Bridgman, Mr. Piers, Mr. Gild art, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Ilcalhcotc, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Tozver, Mr. Tiiompfai, Mr. Talbot, Sir IV m. Yonge, Mr. lVinnington, Mr. Philipfon, Mr. White, Mr. Gy b bon, Sir Cordel Fire brace, Sir James Grant, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Masler, Mr. Rules, Sir Vo i.. *2.

Wm. Jolliffe, Mr, Hooper, Mr. Holland, Sir Wm. Heath-cote, Mr. Digby, Mr. Archer, Mr. Frederick, Sir Geo.

Beaumont, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Sloper; and* all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Highgatcani Reading of the Bill to explain, and make more efteftuul, Bampstead the several Acts, made and pa fled, for repairing the Qadl‘ Highways leading to High gate Gatehouse, and H'amp-field, in the County of Middlesex, so far as the same relate to the Statute-work to be done upon the said Highways, or Competitions to be made in lieu of the fame, be now read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Child, Mr. Rou tes, Mx.Lyndfay, Mr. Coplefton, Sir TM-mas Clarke, Mr. Harley, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Ijehcnpe,

Mr. Gyhbon, Mr. Archer, Mr. Rutherford, Lord Pol-worth, lx>rd John Sackville, Mr. Clutterbuck, Sir John Barnard, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir Christopcr Powell,

Mr. Fox. Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Earle, Lord Tyrconnel,

Sir Henry Gough, Mr. Willimott, Mr. Bladen, Mr. Winningfon, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Plttmer,

Mr. Papillon, Mr. Jjockwood, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Cary,

Sir James Grant, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. I luck*. Mr. Toiver, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Master,

Mr. Kyles, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Heathcote, Mr Laroche,

Sir IVm. Jolliffe, Sir Charles Mordaunl, Mr. Hampden,

Mr. Mojlyn, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Robert Harlnj, Lord CharksCaicndish, \I r. J/*z?/, Mr. Rozvney, Sir Cordel Fire-brace, Mr. Sfrphcard, Sir 'Thomas Afion, Mr. Lech mere; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Middledx, Hertford, and Bedford: And they are to meet this Afteruoou at Live of the Clock, in the Speaker's, Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for prolonging the Time for claim- Charitable ing the fortunate Tickets in the Charitable Corporation Lottery; and for making Provision for Tickets in the said Lottery, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, Ail Art for prolonging the Time for claiming the fortunate Tickets, in the Charitable Corporation Littery, and for making Provision for I ickets in the said Lottery, loll, burnt, or otheruife deft roved.

Ordered, That Mr. lVinnington, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dyke's for veiling an undivided Moiety of divers Lands and ERate. Hereditaments, in the Counties of Oxon, and Kent, the Estate of Elizabeth Dyke, an Infant, in Edward Dyke Esquire, and his Heirs, in exchange for his undivided Moiety of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Somevjet and Devon, was read the Third time.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Wyndham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

The House being informed, that one of the Sheriffs Restraining of the City of London, attended at the Door; the Nun, ber

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the of Pia>houe* House, a Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common-council afi’embied.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Petition was fend; representing to the House the late increase of the Number of Play-houses near this City, and the Apprehension of the Petitioners, that others will be erected, unless prevented byLaw; and

6 D that

Church Presentakioni in Scotland*

Imprisonment of Debtors.

Exportation of Wool.

Restraining the Number of

Playhouses.

470 18° — $1° Aprilis. A. 1755*

that the Resort of disorderly Persons to the said Play-houses has been a great Encouragement to Vice, Debauchery, and Corruption of Youth, to the Ieffening of Industry, and the great Prejudice of Trade; and that many other Mischiefs and Inconveniencies have happened, and more will probably happen, if the said Play-houses should be continued, or any other erected, within or near the said City: And therefore expressing their Hope, That the Housewill take the Premises into Consideration; and put an End to these growing Evils, by such Methods as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for restraiuing the Number of Houses for Playing of Interludes; and for the better Regulating of common Players of Interludes 5 is committed.

Mr. Plumer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal so much of the Act, passed in the 10th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to restore Patrons to their ancient Rights of presenting Ministers to the Churches vacant, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as relates to the Power of Patrons to present Ministers to vacant Churches; and to explain an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Year 1690, intituled, Act concerning Patronages, by ascertaining the Method of calling Ministers to vacant Churches in Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. '

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

s

Sir Wm. Yonge presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend atVAft, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act; for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Heads for a Bill for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, and of Wool, and Wool manufactured, from Ireland, to foreign Parts.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for restraining the Number of Houses for Playing of Interludes; and for the better regulating common Players of Interludes; being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That this House will, upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committeee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, 1?

1 Mr. Knight:

Tellers for the Noes, \ Sj

9 I Mr. While:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

} 97-

| 86.

Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Learning, by veiling the Copies of printed Books in the Authors or Purchasers of such Copies, during the Times therein mentioned.

Resolved, That this house will, upon this Day Six ^ecurin^ Weeks, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole $ House, upon the Bill for securingihe Titles of Protestants to their Estates in Ireland, purchased of Papists, and for the Encouragement of Protestants to purchase Estates of Papists, in the said Kingdom;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and committn Elections be adjourned. ot

Privilfgu,

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, >lme of the Clock.

Lunce, 21° die Aprilis;

Anno 8* Georgii IIdi Regis, *735;

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Tre^earei for veiling Part of the real Estate late of James 1 Tregeare Esquire, deceased, in Margery his Widow and Relict, in Part of her Dower; and for Sale of the rest of the said Estate, for Payment of the Debts of the said James Tregeare; and for laying out the Surplus-money, ar ifing by such Sale* in the Purchase of other J

Lands, to the Use of Honour his Daughter, and her j

Heirs; was read a Second time. j

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Rich% Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Colonel Duckett, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Sandy% Mr. Hales, Colonel Anstruther,

Mr. Griffith, Sir Robert Monroe, Lord Barrimorc, Mr; Berkeley, Captain Evans, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Haddock,

Mr. Cojler, Sir John Anjlruther, Colonel Bozvles, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Yorke, Lord Polwarth, Mr. Willy mot. Sir Charles Mordaunt.. Sir Jermyn Dovers, Sir Geo. Beau mont, Sir Thomas Read, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Baron Birch, Mr. Plumer,

Mr. Lockwoody Mr. Longueville, Sir Charles Turner; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Corn-jwz//and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

1

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mpft for discharging Part of the Estate of Robert Edgar Ef- Eflatr, quire, in the County of Cambridge, from the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, he having settled an Estate in the County of Suffolk of greater Value to the same Uses, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jermyn Davers, Sir Charles Vernoji, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Hales,

Mr. Brereton, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Colonel Bowles, Sir James Campbell, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Ball, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Philipfon, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Plumptre, Lord John Sackville, Mr. Moreton, Mr. Lon-gueville, Mr. Leheupe, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Yorke, Mr.

Curzon, Sir John Barnard, Mr Hampden, Sir Edmund Bacon, Colonel Ducket, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Edwards,

Mr. Morgan, Mr. Bacon, Sir James Grant, Mr. Pollen,

M v Archer, Mr. Harley, Mr. Fidell, Mr. Willymot, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Campbell, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Lcchmerc, Lord Sid. Beauclerk, Mr. Coster, Sir Charles M or daunt, Mr. Alderman Vere, Sir 0/7. Bridgman; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

C»pv-ri<ht Resolved, That this House will, upon ThursdayMovn-

of printed ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole nooks. House, upon the Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late

APetition of Hannah Lee of the Parish of St. George's in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry, e J1 Widow, was presented to the House, and read; setting Pbyhouf forth. That the Petitioner, and her Mother Anne Mynns, deceased, have resided in the said Parish upwards of Thirty Years; during which time they have once in

every

8 Geo. II. 210 Ap47!

every Year, during Southwark Fair, by their Servants, KTformed Drolls, for the Entertainment of Persons re-orting thereto, according to ancient Custom; and that the Petitioner, in order to carry on such Entertainments, hath erected, at her Expence. Two Booths, and hath expended, in such Buildings, Cloaths, Scenes, Decorations, and other Necessstries, tin* Sum of £. 2,000 and upwards; which is her whole Subftauce, and on which the fiihiiiis; and that being now infirm in Body, and old, the midi be ruined, if the Bill now depending in this House, for restraining the Number of Houses for Playing nf Interludes; and for tlid better regulating common Pla\ t*rs of Interludes; should pass into a Law; which, ns fiie apprehends, will prevent her exhibiting of such usual and annual Entertainments; and that her and her late Mother'sCompnnies have always been Nurserbs for the greatest Performers that ever acted on the British Stagr, particularly the celebrated Mr. Powell and Mr. Booth, as well as great Numbers of the present Actors at the Theatres of Drury Lane and Covent Garden; and that the said Entertainments being innocent and amuf-ing, have been honoured by the Appearance and Approbation of the gre.itetl Personages in this Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into C'oulideration; and that the Petitioner may be heard, by her Connfel, against that Part of the said Bill that mav affect her; and that the House will grant her such Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be rejected.

Mmk nit ^ane from the Committee, to whom the

Sumui ic. Hdi t(> continue several Laws, therein mentioned, for the belter Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service: for the Regulating of Pilots of Do-trr, Deal, and the Isle of Thanel; for preventing Frauds in the Customs; and u» prevent theclandestine Running of Goods; and for making Copper Ore, of the British Plantations, an enumerated Commodity; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Tabic: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, u|K>n the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

kporfai.nn Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from

of Wool, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was reierred to consider of Heads for a Bill for the more effectual preve nting the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, and of Wool, and Woo! manufafhtred, from Ireland, to foreign Parts, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which be read in his Place, and aflerwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several and respective Duties payable, by virtue of several Atts of Parliament now in being, upon Bay Yarn, and Woollen Yarn, imported into this Kingdom from the Kingdom of Ireland, shall cease, determine, and he no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Liberty of exporting Wool, and Woollen Yarn, from Ireland into England, be extended to the Ports of Limerick, G a he ay, and Dundalk

llefolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Wool, Woolsels, Mortlings, Shorlings, combed Wool, Yarn, Worsted, Crewels, or Wool (lightly manufactured, shall be laid or loaden on any Horse or Carriage whatsoever, or shall be carried or conveyed to any Place within Five Miles of the Sea Coast, but between Sun rising and Suu-setting.

Vol. 22.

Resolved, That it the Opinion of this Committee,

That no Wool, Woolsels, Mortlings, Shorlings, Wool-flocks, Worded, Bay, or Woollen Yarn, combed Wool,

Worsted, Crewel, or Wool (lightly manufactured, shall be. on any Pretence whatsoever, packed up, in Great Britain or Ireland, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, into any other Pkckage whatsoever, but in Leather made of Calf or Sheep Skinfe, Woollen, Linen, Canvas, or Pack-cloth, only.

Resolved, That it ift tKe Opinion of this Committee;

That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall, directly or indirectly, export, transport, or ship off, carry or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, transported,

shipped off, carried or conveyed, out of or from the Kingdoms of Great Britainox Ireland, to foreign Parts, any Wool, Yam, Worsted, Crewels, or Wool, which are not so completely manufactured, as to be incapable of being again reduced to, and serviceable as, Wool, combed Wool, Yarn, or Worded, or Crewels.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of thip Committee,

That nb Wool, Woolsels, Mortlings, Shorlings, combed Wool, Yarn, Worded, Crewels, or Wool (lightly manufactured, shall be carried in any Ship or VesselCoaft-wife, or from one Port to another, unless Notice be fird given to the Commissioners, or chief Managers, of the Cudoms, or to the chief Customer, Collector, or chief Officer, iii the Port into which the same is intended to be brought, of the Quantity, Quality, and Package, together with the Marks and Numbers thereof, with the Name of the Ship, Mader, or Commander, on which the said Goods; are to be laden, and the Place and Port into which they are intended to be imported.

The firstRefolut ion, being readaSecond time, was, uponi the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Resolution, being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, I'hat t lie Liberty of exporting Wool, and Woollen Yam, froth Ireland into England\ be extended to the Ports of Limerick, Gafzcay, and Dunddlk;

The I louse divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.j^g"^ j |6j

TellerSfor theNoe,.{^;d|^""rf> } 55-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put-thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill upon the said Resolutions: And that Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir William Yonge, Mr.

Willimot, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bynge,

Mr. Edward Walpole, Mr. Vere, Mr. Balle, Mr. Cary,

Mr. Tliompfon of York, Mr. George Fox, Mr. Earle;

Colonel Bladen, and Mr. Hooper, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House td Restraining resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to the Number consider further of the Bill for restraining the Number of pjaytoufe* Houses for playing of Interludes; and for the better regulating common Players of Interludes;

Ordered, That the Petition of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and many of the principal Inhabitants, and others, of the 7crcrrt)ivision, in the County of Middlesex, which was presented to the House the 9th Day of this instant April, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Barnard took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Barnard reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he

was

47^ ii — 22° Aprilis. A. 1735.

was. directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

York Ordered, That the Report from the Committee* to

Buildings whom the Petition of Ejlher Crull, Widow, Thomas 01BPany- Mosely, (Gilbert de Flines, Anne Finch, Theodore Davell, Mary Bayly, Richard Phillips, Phillip Dykes, Forbes Wil/bn, Grace Holland, Daniel Cab roll, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Creditors of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, as also Proprietors of several Parts and Shares of the Stock of the said Company, on behalf of them Pelves, and others, was referred* be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Re-

Land Tax. port from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1735, was committed, be further adjourned till Thursday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Penventwater’s Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

statea* M°rn*ng next, resolve itself into a Committee of the ea* whole House, upon the Bill for applying the Rents and Profits of the forfeited Estate of the late Earl of Derxventwater towards the Finilhing and Completing of the Royal Hospital at -Greenwich, and towards the maintaining the Petitioners therein, when the Building of the said Hospital shall be finished.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and

Privilege* be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

be. An Act for the Amendment of the Law relating to Actions on the Statute of Hue and Cry.

Ordered, That Mr. Bramflon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, Church pnffed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Ma- Presentatiei jesty Queen Avne, intituled, An Act to rellore Patrons ,n ^cotland to their ancient Rights of presenting Ministers to the Churches vacant, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as relates to the Power of Patrons to present Ministers to vacant Churches; and to explain an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Year 1690, intituled, Act concerning Patronages, by ascertaining the Method of calling Ministers to vacant Churches in Scotland; be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That t he Order of the Day, for the House to Sail-cloth resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Manufacture the Bill to continue some Laws, therein mentioned, re- &c* lating to the Encouragement of the Making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain; and for Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report* when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the Privilege of adjourned Debate upon the Third Resolution of the Pranking Committee, to whom the Copy of his Majesty’s War- ^etters-rant,* whereby Letters are permitted to pass free from the Duty payable upon Poll Letters, was referred.

Ordered, That the Debate be further adjourned till Friday Morning next.'

Mart is, 2 Aprilis;

Anno 8* Georgii IIJi Regis, 1735.

Prayers.

Chedleton A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Inclosure. Jr\ for appointing Commissioners to make a Division of certain Commons, and waste Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Chcdleton, in the County of Stafford, among the Proprietors, in order to inclose the fame, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. J Vi fining ton, Sir Wnu Heathcote, Sir James Grant, Mr. Campbell, of Pembr. Mr. Earle, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lcchmere, Mr, Cholmondeley, Mr. Corbet, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Fox, Mr. Vere, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Onslow, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Potenger, Captain Evans, Mr. Walker, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hooper, Sir Thomas Aston, Mr. How, Mr. Thompson of Scar bar. Mr. Longueville, Mr. Lehcupe, Mr. Archer, Sir Geo. CafwalX, Mr. Price, Mr. Forester, Dr. Lee, Lord Tyrcornel. Lord John Sackville, Mr. Lewis, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir John Hind Cot I on, Mr. Tower, Lord Gage, Mr. Pothill, Mr. Wilkinfan, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Balle, Mr. Henley, Mr. White, Sir JoJ\ Pennington, Mr. Hoare, Colonel Lyddell, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Geo. Dowing, Mr. Pollen; and all the Members that serve for the County of Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Actions on An ingrossed Bill for regulating the Proceedings in llue and Actions on the Statute of Hue and Cry, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

22

A Bill for the better securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Ysas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Lord Morpeth, Mr. Grenville:

Tellers forth.Noes, j So it passed in the Negative.

\ '9

| 214-

Limiting Officers in the House,

J

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Colonial itig, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Su^arTrade to consider of the Petition of the Merchants and Planters trading to, and interested in, his Majesty s Sugar Colonies.

Ordered, That the Mayor, Burgesses, and Common- Bristol nlty, of the City of Bristol, be at Liberty to withdraw Elation, their Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City, and County of the City, of Bristol.

Ordered, That the Freeholders and Burgesses, Inhabitants of the City, and Count y of the City, of Bristol, who

petitioned this I Ioufe, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the fairl City, and County of the said City, be at Liberty to withdraw their Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the House, made upon j

Thursday\j&, for the further Hearing of the Matter of the

several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and 1

Return for the City, and County of the City, of Bristol;

and

8 Geo. II.

zt° — aj® Aprilis.

473

prefer'*

lUe.

and also of the Matter of the Petition and Representation be, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of of the fevrral Perfooa whose Names are thereto subscribed, Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex. all of the City of Bristol, and free Burgeflea thereof; be Ordered, That Sir Francis Child do carry the Bill to discharged. the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

tcplating

JUrfbanU

SomtOy&r.

3t Leonard

Iboreditch

Church.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

iMtrtotion

iTwo*-

Mercurii, 230 die Aprilis;

Anno 8# Georgii Ild' Regis, 1735. PlAYLRS.

A PETITION of the Justices of Peace, Gentlemen* Clergy, and Freeholders, in the County of West-marchnd; and also of the Mayor, Aldermen, and capital Burgesses, of the Burgh of Kirkby, in Kendal, in the said County, and of Uie Masters, Workmen, and other Per-fotis, concerned in ll»e Woollen Manufactures within the said Burgh, and Parts adjacent; was presented to the I loufe, and read; fi tting forth, That the said County being, for the moll Part, mountainous, great Flocks of Sheep are maintained therein; a considerable Part of the Wool of which Sheep is manufactured in and near the said Burgh, to the Support of many Persons, Owners and Farmers of Grounds in the said County, and oilier Inhabitants thereof, ef(>ccially of or near the said Burgh, employed in picking, dressing, spinning, weaving, and d ruffing Cottons, LindieyWoolleys, Serges, and other Woolluu Manufactures, of die lauie Wool, and to the Increase of the yearly Vrulue of Estates in the said County; and re-preienUng to die House die ill Consequences of encouraging the Importation of W ool, Worded, Woollen and Bay 1 am, from Ireland into this Realm: And therefore praying the House so to consider and commiicnite the Calc of the Petitioners, a* not to encourage die desired Importation of Wool, Worsted, Woollen and Bay Yam, from Ireland into this Realm.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Rill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting die Estates of/f fit. Forcjler Esquire, and Btook Forester, his Son and Heir apparent, in the County of Salop, in Trustees, to settle die bine, pursuant to an Agreement previous to die Marriage of the said Brook Forcjler with Elizabeth his Wife, notwithstanding the Minority of the bid Bi'ook Forester; was read die Third time.

Resolved, That die Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Brevet on do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaiut them, That this House hath agreed to the (kmc, u itliout any Amendment

An ingrossed Bill to continue several Laws, diercin mentioned, for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service; for the regulating of Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of fhand; for preventing Frauds in the Customs; and to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods; and for making Copper Ore, of the British Plantations, an enumerated Commodity; was read the Third time.

Refitted, That die Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, An Act to continue several Laws, therein mentioned, for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in die Merchants Service; for the regulating of Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet; for preventing Frauds in the Customs; and to prevent Jtbe clandestine Running of Goods; and for making Copper Ore, of the British Plantations, an enumerated Commodity.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church of St. Leonard, in Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex; w as read die Third time.

Ilf/lird, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title Vol. <22.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Hereford tions be discharged from proceeding Upon the Petition of Etefibop. Herbert Westpnaling Eftjuire, complaining of ail undue Election and Return for the City of Hereford, in the County of Hereford.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee* Carrying to whom the Bill for continuing an Act, passed in the Ric«

Third Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for C"0*®* granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty's Pro* vince of Carolim, in America, directly in any Part of Europe Southward of Cape Finisterre, m Ships built in, and belonging to, Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for extending the Liberty granted to his Majesty’s Province of Carolina, in America, to carry Rice directly to any Part Southward of Cape Fuujlerre, in Ships built in, and belonging to, Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, to the Province of Georgia, in America, late a Part of the said Province of Carolina; and to impower the Officers in the Province of Georgia to execute the Powers of the said Act, in the lauie manner as the Officers of Carolina do.

Sir Char lee Turner, according to Order, reported from Sail-cloth the Committee of the w hole House, to whom the Bill t6 Manufoftuft continue some Lana, therein mentioned, relating to the *e' Encouragement of the Making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain; and for Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and theft a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were difogreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to die Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from die Lords, by Mr. Lighthoun and Mr. John Rennet:

Mr. Sjieaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act St.James,&c. for the l»etter regulating the nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the Two Parishes of St. James, and St. George Watch^ Hanover Square, within the Liberties of the City of 1V<JI-minster, with an Amendment: To which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Gilmour’e enable Sir Charles Gilmour Baronet, to fell Part of the.

Lands and Baronies of Craigmillar and Nether Liberton, for Payment of Debts with which the said Estate Hands charged and incumliered: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Appleton’s confirming and establishing a Partition of the Estate of Henry Appleton Esquire, deceased, made pursuant to a Decree of the Court of Chancery: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for C^ntillon’s the better Execution of the last Will and Testament of Will. Richard Cantillon Esquire, deceased~ and for other the Purposes, therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, mode by Dyke's this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting an undivided Moiety of clivers Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of 'Oxon and Kent, the Estate of Elizabeth 6 E Dyke,

Gilmourt*

Estate.

Mitffflrt

Vicarage and Dilfton Chapel.

Imprisonment of Debtors.

Preventing wrongous Imprisonment, &c. in Scotland.

474

Dyke, an Infant, in Edward Dyke Esquire and his Heirs, in Exchange for his undivided Moiety of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Somerset and Devon.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act , to enable Sir Charles Gilmour Baronet, to fell Part of the Lands and Baronies of Craigmillar&ndL Nether Liber ton, for Payment of Debts with which the lkid Estate stands charged and incumbered; was read the Eirft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Robert Mitford Esquire, on behalf of hiraself, and the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Mitford and Corbridge, in the County of Northumberland, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That a _ considerable Part of the Tythes of the said Parish of Mit-jordi abQUt jf. 90. per Annum, are now veiled in his pre-Jen t< Majesty, by the Attainder of the late Earl of Der-\vmtwater; and that the Income to the Vicar of the Vicarage of the said, Parish of Mitford is only of the Value of £.20. per Annum; and that, at Dilfton, in the said County, the Seat of the said late Earl, there is a Chapel heretofore jpaatle of by the said late Earl, and his Family, for the Exercise.of the Popish Religion, whereby that Religion was much encouraged there; but that the Vicar of the said Parish of Corbridge hath, for about a Year past, by the Direction of the Lord Bishop of the Diocese, officiated so the said Chapel, without receiving any Recompence for the fame, in order to prevent the Growth of Popery there; And therefore praying, That such Provision may be made, out of the Rents and Profits of the said late Eaii’s Estate, in the said County of Northumberland\ for augmenting the said Vicarage of Mitford, and for a Recompence to such Person as shall, from time to time, officiate, in the said Chapel of Dilfton, as to the House shall ieern meet.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, being informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to their Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for applying the Rents atod Profits of the forfeited Estate of the late Earl of Derwentwater, towards the finishing and completing of the Royal Hospital at Green-xvich, and towards the maintaining the Pensioners therein, when the Building of the said Hospital shall be finiilied; is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have. Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Second year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; was read a Second time.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Y eas, [ ’

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according so Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Year 1701, intituled, An Act for

a 1735-

prerenting wrongous Imprisontnent, and against undue Delays in Tryals.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gybbon took the Chair of the Committee.

And, there not being Forty Members present,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

But, there being Forty Members present, after that Mr. Speaker had resumed the Chair,

Resolved, That this house will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The house accordingly relblved itself again into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gybbon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gybbon reposted from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plealeto receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Dcrwcnt-resolve itlelfintoa Committee of the whole House, upon rVdtt[?Lor" the Bill for applying the Rents and Profits of the forfeited eile ate* Estate of the late Earl of Derwentwater, towards the finishing and completing of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, and towards the maintaining the Pensioners therein, when the Building of the said Hospital shall be finiilied.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom- Colonial ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Sugar Tnutei House, to consider of the Petition of the Merchants and Planters trading to, and interested in, his Majesty s Sugar Colonies.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Sanderson have Leave to CantiUon* make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock. Wkk

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Execution of the last Will and Testament of Richard Cantillon Esquire, deceased, and for other the Purpol’es therein mentioned; was read the Eirft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 40 die A prills \

Anno 8° Georgii Ildi Regis, 1735.

Prayers.

MR. Oglethorpe reported from the Committee, to Carrying whom the Bill to continue an Act, passed in the RiceVroTn Third Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act, for Carolina, granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty s Province of Carolina, in America, directly in any Part of Europe Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Ships built in, and belonging to Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Hill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Comptroller, by his Majesty’s Command, pre- papers fented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Ma- receding jesty, Cony of the Representation of the State of Barba- Barbados 7 ( does,

.23 ° — 2 40

Spirits drawn from Melaffefc

Dfnrent-inur’i forfeited Lltate.

Supply Bill; land Tux.

8 Geo. II. 240 — 1

docs, and tin* Leeward Chanbbee T/hnids, in America, by the Merchants trading to, and intcrcfuxi therein.

And lie nlfo acquainted the Huuic, That he had received his Majesty Commands to lay before this House, *A Lift of Papers relating to Stores for Barbadoes, and the Layard Ijlanas, with what Proceedings have been had thereupon before the Privy (Council.

And he pr< lentut the said lift to the House.

And the T itle of the said Copy and the said Lift werf read.

Ordered, That the said Copy and Lift do lie upon the Table, to be pended by the Members of tile House.

The said Copy and Lilt arc bound up with the other Paj>eis of this Session.

The House Inins informed, that Mr. Tuder, Agent for the Commissioners of the Excite in Scotland, attended at the l)uor;

lie was called in; and, nt the Bar, pi*c(ented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Quantity of Spirit* have been drawn from Melasses for Seven Years, Iroin 241U June 1727, to 24th June 1734, in that Part of (treat Britain called Scotland.

And then he withdrew.

And the T itle of the said Account was read.

Ordardy rI hat the said Account do lie upon tin? Tabic, |o be peruled by the Members of the House.

TIk? laid Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Sefiiuo.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, For the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for applying the Kents and Profits of the forfeited Estate of the iate Karl of l'krurntwa* r. tow ards the linitbin^ and completing of the Royal Hospital at Grcinwich, und towards the maintaining the Pcnlioners therein, w hen the Building ol tile laid Hospital shall be finillictl; be now read:

And the fume being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee. That they have Power to receive a C laule for the better Encoui act merit of Seamen and Mariners to defend Merchant Snip* 01 Wife I*.

Ordered, That the Computation, or Estimate, of the Expence that will be necessary to complete and finish the Building of the Royal Holpitul ut Greenwich, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Plan of the Royal Hospital of Gnamich lie rtlerrcd to tlx? laid Committee.

Ordered That the Account of w hat Money has been paid into the Exchequer, anting Irom the Rents and Profits of the late Earl of Dcrwcntwater $ Eftute, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, re fumed the further Confidenttion of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1733; was committed:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, the further Consideration of which were postponed,* were severally read a Second time; and, with Amendments of and to them, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

22.

crofted.

Vol.

5° Jprilis. 475

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tueflay next, Copy-right? at Twelve of the Clock, relblvc itself into a Committee printed of the whole House, upon the Bill for making more effec- 00 tual an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Learning, by veiling the Copies of printed Books in the Authors or Pui chafers of such Copies, during the Times therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to York Build whom the Petition ol Eft her Crull, Widow, Thomas Aloft- bigs Com-ln/, Gilbert de Fliues, Anne Finch, Theodore DaveU, Mary Btyly, Richard Phi Hips, Philip Dykes, Forbes fVilfi/K,

Grace Holland, Daniel Cabmll, and others, w hole Names are thereunto liihscribed, Creditors of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water ill Yihk Buildings, as also Proprietors of several Parts and Shares of the Stock of l!ie laid Company, on behalf of thcinleUcs, and others, was referred; be takeh into Consideration upon Monday Morning next

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 2 50 die Apr ills;

Anno 8° GeorgiiTP* Regis, 1735.

P a a v 1 u s.

T^JIE House proceeded to take into Consideration St James,&c.

JL the Amendment, made by the I-ords, to the Westminster Bill, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Nigliilv W atch, and Beadier, within the Two Parishes of St. Jams, and St. George Hanover-square, within the Liberuc* of the City of Westminster:

And the said Amendment was read; and is as follows; viz. J

Press 3. L 18. After Thirty-five," leave out the Words " and lb yearly, and every Year.1*

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Tyrconnell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordlhrps.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Appleton'* for confirming and establishing a Partition of the Estate Eftat8, late of Henry Appleton Esquire, deceased, made pursuant to a Decree of tho Court of Chancery; was read the Eirft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill to continue an Act, passed in the Carrying Third Year of his present Majesty s Reign, intituled, An Hi« from Act for granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty 9 Laro iaa* Province of Cawlina, in America, directly in any Part of Europe Southward of Cape Einij'terre, in Ships built in, and belonging to, Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pase: And that the Title be, An Act to continue an Act, passed in the Third Year of his present Majesty s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty s Pro- vince of Carolina, in America, directly to any Part of Europe Southward of Cape Finisterre in Ships built in, and belonging to, Great Britain, and navigated according to Law*; and to extend that Liberty to his Majesty s Province of Georgia, in America.

Ordered, That > Mr. Oglethorpe do cany the Eill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to continue feme Laws therein men- Sail cloth tioned, relating to the Encouragement of the Making of Mauijfaaar*, Sail-cloth in Great Britain\ and for Encouragement of c’ the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; was read the Third time.

Resolved\

Exportation of Wool

Derwent-water’s forfeited Estate.

Property Kight of Prints, &c.

Charitable

Corporation

Lottery.

Lord Pdl-

wartb’*

Estate.

Privilege

franking

Letters.

47 6

25

4- 'IIS-

Rejblvcd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue some Laws therein mentioned, relating to the Encouragement of the Making of Sailcloth in Great Britain, and for Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Vere presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, and of Wool, and Wool manufactured, from Ireland\ to foreign Paits: And the same was received; and read the First time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yens,' } 4a'

So it passed in the Negative.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for applying the Rents and Profits of the forfeited Estate of the late Earl of Derxventwater, towards the finishing and completing of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, and towards maintaining the Pensioners therein, when the Building of the said Hospital shall be finished, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Report was read:

And the First Amendment, made by the Committee, to the Bill, being read a Second time, was, with an Amendment thereof, agreed to by the House:

And the Second Amendment, being read & Second time, i was disagreed to:

And several other Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And Clause A, another Amendment, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, was read a Second time.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Arts of designing, engraving, and etching, historical and other Prints, by vesting the Properties thereof in the Inventors and Engravers, during the Time therein mentioned; without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for prolonging the Time for claiming the fortunate Tickets in the Charitable Corporation Lottery; and for making Provision for Tickets, in the said Lottery, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; without any Amendment And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Hugh Hume Campbell, commonly called Lord Polwarth, to fell Lands in Essex, settled by his Marriage Articles; and, with the Money ariting thereby, to purchase other Lands, of like Value, to be settled to, the same Uses: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.,

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the adjourned Debate, upon the Third Resolution of the Committee, to whom the Copy of his Majestys War-

rant, whereby the Letters are permitted to pass free from the Duty payable upon Post Letters; was referred;

The laid Resolution being again read;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That it is an high Infringe-tnent of the Privileges of the Knights, Citizens, and Burgefi’es, chosen to representthe Commons of Great Britain in Parliament, for any Polt-master, his Deputies or Agents, in Great Britain or Ireland, to detain or delay, open or look into, by any means whatsoever, any Letter directed to, or signed by, the proper Hand of any Member, without an exp refs Warrant, in Writing, under the Hand of one of the principal Secretaries of State* for every such detaining, delaying, opening, or looking into;

An Amendment w^as proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " detain or delay:"

And the Question being put, That those Words stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to thfe Question, by leaving out the Words " detaining, delaying.

And the Question being put. That those Words stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding, at the End thereof, thele Words,

" or to detain or delay any Letter directed to, or signed " with the Name of, any Member, unless there shall be " just Reason to suspect some Counterfeit of it, without " an express Warrant of a principal Secretary of State*

" as aforesaid, for every such detaining or delaying

And the Question being put, That those Words be added;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended; That it is an high Infringement of the Privilege of the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, chosen to represent the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament, for any Post-master, his Deputies or Agents, in Great Britain or Ireland, to open, or look, into, by any means whatsoever, any Letter directed to, or signed by, the proper Hand of, any Member, without an express Warrant, in Writing, under the Hand of one of the principal Secretaries of State, for every such opening or looking into; or to detain or delay any Letter directed to, or signed with the Name of, any Member, unless there shall be just lleafon to suspect some Counterfeit of it, without an express Warrant of a principal Secretary of State, as aforesaid, for every such detaining or delaying.

The rest of the Resolutions of the said Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr. Edwards

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon red and white Herrings, for the further Term of Four Years; and for giving further time for the Payment of Duties, omitted to be paid, for the Indentures and Contrafts of Clerks and Apprentices; without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling his Meyelty to apply the Sum of One million, out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year >73.5; without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating the Quartering of Soldiers, during the time of Elections of Members, to* serve in Parliament: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Meffongers withdrew.

Supp’y B 1 Duti ;s <»« Salt, &c.

Supply E SinkingFi

Quarterir

bold.ers

ingEledi

The

Bcft raining tk Number uf Play-huuln.

Church Pre-

(rntatioot in

ScolUad.

FrtTfnting

fcruDguus

ItnprifoD-

u'til, See. in Scotland.

Lo»H Pul-

arlh’i

Lute.

fnlmour'f

Dute,

Highgate anti Hamp-l'tead Hoad*.

8 Geo. II. 250 — 28° Aprilis.

477

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Rtfolved\ That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for idtraining the Number of Houses fur Playing of Interlude*; and for die belter regulating common Players of Interludes.

Ordered, That the Bill to rc|>o;d so much of the Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to restore Patrons to their undent Rights of presentiioj M milters to the Churches vacant in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as relates to the Power of Patrons to present M blitters to ▼acant Churche*; and to explain an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scut lard, in the Year Kino, intituled. Act concerning Pationages, by alVcrtaining the Method of calling Minilteis to vacant Chili clu i in Scotland', be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Uejwrt from the Committee of the whole llotife, to whom the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, |mfled in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Year 1701, intituled, An Act for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, and aguinlt undue Delays in Tryals, was committed, he received ujion Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock.

And lie moved the House accordingly. And,

An ingruiled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Hugh J/urnc Campbell, commonly called Lord Poh'arl/t, to fell Lunds in Essex, settled by his Marriage Articles, and, with the Money arising thereby, to purchasc other hinds, of like Value, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the Fit ft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

*-----

Luna, 28° die Aprilis;

Anno S* Georgii 1141 Regis, 1737.

pRA V F.K s.

AN ingrotied Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir diaries Gi/mcur Baronet to fell Part of the I and* and Baronies of Craigmiltar and A ether JAbcrton, for Payment of Debts with which the said Estate hands charged and incumbered, was read a Second time.

Re foiled, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cock-burnt, Mr. Lindsey, Mr. Bnreton, Mr. Carmichael, Sir Arthur Forbes, .\ir. Pelham, Colonel Ducket, Mr. Hales, Sir Nicolas Williams, Sir Ji m. Carcu\ Lord Charles Cavendish, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Martin, Mr. (litdart, Mr. Longuevillr, Lord Limerick, Mr. Foley, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Sir Francis Child, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir James Grant, Mr. Cojler, Sir Robert Monroe, Mr. Baron Birch, Mr. Archer, Mr. Sandy*, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Kent, Mr. Turner, Mr. If altar, Mr. Roj's, Mr. Queen, Mr. Cur-zon, Mr. Hay, Mr. Gore, Mr. Thompjbn, Mr. Bramjton, Mr. Dunco/nbe; and all the Members that lbrve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Sir Francis Child reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, and make more effectual, the several Acts made and pafledfor repairing the Highways leading to Highgate Gatehouse, and Iiampjlead', in the County of Middlesex, so far as the same relate to the Statute-work to be done upon the said Highways, or Compofiiions to be made in lieu of the lame, was committed, That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-VoL. 2 2.

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered die Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Sir Jermyn Davers reported from the Committee, to Edgar's whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Estate«

Act for discharging Part of the Estate of Robert Edgar Esquire, in the County of Cambridge, from the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, he having settled an Estate, in the County of Suffolk, of greater Value, to the same Lies, w as committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Jermyn Davers do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to die lame, without any Amendment.

The Iloufe proceeded to take into Consideration the Broughton*, Amendments made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for naturalizing Anna Elizabeth Broughton and Jo/ias Cot tin:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follows; viz.

Prefe 1. L. 6. Leave out " and f’

L. 8. Alter " Francef insert "John ChevaHer, Son of Leu is Chevalier, by Jane his Wife, born " in the Parish of Saint Disant, in the County of Conac, u in France; and John Trcber, Son of Hans Trther, by " Anna his Wife, born in Altana, near Hamburg, in the Duchy of lloljlcin:'

L. 1 p. I^eave out " andand, in the same Line, after " Cutting insert " John Chevalier and John " Trcber:"

L. 32. Leave out " and;" and, in the same Line, after " Cot tin f insert " John Chevalier and " John Trcber:"

PrcIs 2. L. 21. Leave out "and;" and, in the same Line, after " Cot tin f insert " John Chevalier and " John Trcber /’

L. 31. Leave out " and L. 32. After " Cot tin f insert " John Che-il va/ier and John Treber:"

In the Title of the Bill, 3d Line, leave out " and and, at the End of the Title, add " John Chevalier and " John Treber:"

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Brereton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Restraining Council, of the City of Exeter, was presented to the the Number House, and read; complaining of a Theatre lately erected of play-within the said City, for the Playing of Interludes, in hou^es* Defiance of the Magistrates and Government of the said City; their Authority, by reason of feme Deficiency in the Laws, not being thought sufficient to suppress it: And therefore praying, as there is at present a Bill depending in the House for removing this great Nuisance from the City of London, that the same Care may be extended to the City of Exeter, and all Places thereunto adjoining.

6 F Ordered,

Djr*Ptit-water's forfeited Imitates.

Vork Buildings Company.

Imprisonment of Debtors.

Lord Pol-

warth's

Estate*

478 2 8° — 2 90

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill lor retraining the Number of Houses for Playing of Interludes, and for the better regulating common Players of Interludes, is committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for applying the Rents and Profits of the forfeited Estate of the late Earl of Dcrzccnizcater, towards the Finishing and Completing of the Royal Hospital at Grcemcich, and towards maintaining the Pensioners therein, when the Building of the said Hospital shall be finillied, was committed, be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

The lloule resumed the further Consideration of the said Report.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Esther Crull Widow, Thomas MoJ'dey, Gilbert de Flints, Anne Finch, Theodore Davell, Mary Bayly, Richard Phillips, Philip Dykes, Forbes JVilfon, Grace Holland, Daniel Cabroll, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Creditors of the Governor and Company of Undertaken for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, as also Proprietors of several Parts and Shares of the Stock of the said Company, on behalf of themselves, and others, was referred, be now read; And the same being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report, be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

JThe laid Report being printed by Order of the House, a printed Copy thereof is bound up, and preserved, with the other Books belonging to the House; and the original Report is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House/ resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunt®, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 2 90 die Afirilis;

Anno 8° Georgii II<1 Regis, 1735. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Hugh Hume Campbell, commonly called Lord Polwarth, to fell Lands in Efficx, settled by his Marriage Articles, and, with the Money arising thereby, to purchase other Lands, of like Value, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second time.

Aprilis. 1735.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sandys,

Sir John Rushout, Sir John Barnard, Mr, Gybbon, Sir Ciwrles Mar daunt, Mr. PearJ'e, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Chetzvynd, Mr. Trefujis, Mr. Khiafton, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Longuevilie, Mr. Hume Camp* bell, Mr. Smith, Mr. Rozcncy, Sir IVm. Stapleton, Sir Geo. Cajivall, Mr. Fane, Sir James Hamilton, Mr. Life,

Mr. Watts, Mr. Oglethorpe, Lord Morpeth, Sir Paul Methuen, Lord Barrimorc, Mr. Stert, Captain Owen,

Mr. Archer, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Boone, Mr. Littleton, Mr. Dtlme, Mr. Whit-more, Mr. Wm. Pitt, Lord John Murray, Mr. Rut her-ford, Mr. Dalrymple, Mr. James Erskine, Mr. Thomas Lejlic, Sir Chris Powell, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Gore, Sir James Grant, Mr. Buncombe, Sir Francis Child, Sir Edmund Bacon, Colonel Bladen, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Banks, Mr. Bramfon, Mr. Proby, Mr. Fydell, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Corbet Kynaston, Sir John Hind Cotton,

Mr. Harvey, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Bay ley, My. James Noell,

Air. Thomas Noell, Mr. Foley, Mr. Ilungtrford, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Talbot, Six Thomas Sebright, Mr. Watkins Wms. Wynne, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Aloftyn, Air.

Bacon, Air Piers; and all the Members that serve for the County of Eft\v: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Applets for confirming and establishing a Partition of the Estate late of Henry Appleton Esquire, deceased, made pursuant to a Decree of the Court of Chancery, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Sandys,

Air. I.onguevilte, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Charles Mot daunt. Air. PearJ'e, Mr. Lifer, Air Curzon,

Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Hooper,

Lord Polwarth, Sir John Rijhout, Sir 11 m. Stapleton,

Sir Fra?wis Child, Mr. Rutherford, Mr. Rozcncy, Lord Morpeth, Lord Noel Somerset, Sir Chr. Powell, Sir Thomas Sanderson, Mr. Bramfon, Mr. Drummond, Sir Edmund Bacon, Colonel Bladen, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Campbell of Pembr. Air. Plumptre, Mr. Thompson, Air.* Bradshaw, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Monsion, Colonel Tmnf-hend, Mr. Pturner, Sir Orl Bridgmati, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Huxley, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Fane, Mr. Pelham, Sir Roger Bradshaigh,

Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Chetwyna, Mr, Watts,

Air. Smith, Mr. Vere, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Master, Mr. Archer, Mr. Cojtcr, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Onfozv,

Mr. Walker, Sir Arthur Forbes, Mr. Hungerford, Sir John Kay, Mv. Ord, Mr. Philips; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Suffolk and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cajlll5loD, for the better Execution of the last Will and Testament of Richard Cantillon Esquire, deceased, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Sanderson, Mr. Archer, Sir Charles Wager, Sir Robert Rich, Lord Gage, Sir Thomas Lee, Dr. Lee, Mr. Hooper,

Air. Gybbon, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Air, Clutterbuck, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Life, Air*

Tower, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Ord, Mr. Philips, Mr. Hampden, Sir John Kay, Alt . Hen. Archer, Sir John Barnard,

Lord Barrymore, My. Duncombe, Mr. Walker, Mr Earle,

Air. White, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Rowland A If on, Mr. Waller, Sir Geo. Cajwall, Colonel Campbell, Mr. Rut he?ford,

Sir Hen. Hoghton, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Fratikland, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Hoare, Lord Gtenorchy, Sir James Campbell,

Air. Plumptre, Mr. Stanhope, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Polhill, Sir Nicolas Williams, Sir Chr. Powell, Sir Francis Child, Sir John Rushout, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Longue* villt, Mr. Curzon, Lord Polzvarth, Lord Noel Somer/ity Air. Heathcote, Sir James Gram, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Campbell of Pembr. Air, Thompson, Mr. Lifer, Mr. Vere,

11 Mr.

' 9.

Trtf* UtK-

LidcoIq's-lno Field* Impnovs-

tocAU

Preventing wrongous Imprison* ment, Ac. in Scotland.

8 Geo. II. 29°

479

Mr. G ore, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Ilume Campbell\ Mr. More, Mr. A/cr/, Mr. Smith, Mr. Pupil* Ion, Lord L'unerick, Lord James Cairndish, Sir James Hamilton, Mr. Afq/hr, General I Cade, Sir )Calter Bagot, LordiVr/. Beauclerk, Lord Archibald Hamilton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Live of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

A Petition of IVillhm Oliver, of the City of 73/7///, Doflor in Phvfirk, whs prclf nti d to the House, and read; alledging. 3 hat Richard I n genre Esquire, drcculid, by his Will, dated the ,pl of August 1711, bequeathed several Cnftotniiry and lYcdiold htiatts lubjtfttoa Ucnt-clrnrge then in uu nliontd, to the said James Tregenre, and the Ifl’ue M ile of his Body; Remainder to John Oliver, the Petitioner’s Brother. and the Heirs Mule of his Hody; Keniainder to the Petitioner, and the Heirs Male of his Body; and that the luid James Trcgcarc and John Oliver are both dead without I fine Male; but that the said James Tregeate lurk upon him, by his Will, to difj>olc of the said Estates, or the greuttrt part of them, as his own Estates, though tla* faint* are, in Law or Equity, I object to the Trulls or limitations in the Will of the liiid Richard Tregeare; and, by 3 Suit now depending in the Court of Chancery, are claimed by the Petitioner; and that the ingross’cu lull from the Lmls, now del uding in this House, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the real Estate late of James Tregeare Esquire, deceased, in Margery \Act Widow* and Relict, in part other Dower; and for Sale of ti.c rest of the said Eliate, for Payment of the Debts of the said James Tregeare; and for laying out the Surplus-moncv, urihng by Inch Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to the l ie of Honour his Daughter, and her Heirs; will be to the Prejudice of the Petitioner’s Right thereto, as he conceives, and is advised, if the said Bill should pals into a Law: And therefore praying, That lie may be heard, by himself, or Counsel, before the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner, if he thinks lit, be beard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordaed\ That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, Tlmt all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe be added to the said Committee.

Sir Francis Child reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the prclenland future Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Houses in Lincolns-fun Fields, in the County of Middle lex, to make a Rate on themselves, for raising Money Ibtiicient to clean and adorn the said fields, and to keep the same in Repair, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the lloule; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report w as read:

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gybbon, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Year 1701, intituled, An Act for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, and against undue Delays in Tryals, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed liim to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Vol. 22.

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, w ere, with Amendments to l’cveral of them, agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

A Motiort being made, and the Question being put,

That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } ,2a-

Tellers for the Xoes,

So it was resolved in the

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Quartering for regulating the Quartering of Soldiers, during the time Soldiers of Klc&ions of Members to serve in Parliament, was read Elec"

the l’irl’t time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, that Robert Coke Esquire, Norfolk who, jointly with iCilliam Mordin Esquire, exhibited a Election. Petition to this House, complaining ot an undue Ele tion and Return for the County of Aorjolk, dt tires to withdraw so much of the Complaint in the said Petition as relates to himself;

Ordered, That so much of the said Complaint, as relates to the said Robert Coke Esquire, be dilinifl'ed, at his Ddire.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Imprison-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Second Year of e l°n' the Reign of his present Majeliv, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with / the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments wfere made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Copy-right resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon of printed the Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Books* Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Learning, by vesting the Copies of printed Books in the Authors, or Purchasers of such Copies, during the times therein mentioned;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, for better securing the Payment of the Drawback of the Duties for Paper uied in printing Books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental, and Northern Languages, within the Two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to extend the Provisions of the said Bill to the Author or Authors of any Book or Books of Mulick, or any Compositions in Mulick whatibever, whether printed or engraved.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Mathew's,

naturalize

ir Raw land Alfton, 1

I r. Bradshaw: }

Affirmative.

7j.

Oflirf»s and

Lmp:oy-

mtiiui.

Actions on Hue and Cry,

Curving Kite truin' Carolina.

Copy-right of printed Books.

Colonial

SugarTrade,

Church Pre-fen tat ions in Scotland.

Chedleton

Inclosure.

480

-9°" 3°°

naturalize Stephen Mathcx', Arnold Roftnhagen, and Jane Elizabeth Du Bouchet: To which tha Lords desire the Concurrence of this House; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnity Persons who have omitted to quality themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, without any Amendment. And also,

) The Loi’ds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Amendment of the Law relating to Actions on the Statute of Hue and Cry, without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue an Act, passed in the Third Year of his pre-; lent Majesty s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty s Province oi Cal'o-Una, in America, directly to any Part of Europe Southward of Cape Fmijterrc, in Ships built in, and belonging to, Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; and to extend that Liberty to his Majesty s Province of Georgia, in America; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Learning, by vesting the Copies of printed Books in the Authors or Purchasers of such Copies, during the Times therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Winnington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confuler of the Petition of the Merchants and Planters trading to, and interested in, his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, was read.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill to repeal lb much of the Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to restore Patrons to their ancient Rights of presenting Ministers to the Churches vacant in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, as relates to the Power of Patrons to present Ministers to vacant Churches; and to explain an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland in the Year 1690, intituled, Act concerning Patronages, by ascertaining the Method of calling Ministers to vacant Churches in Scotland; be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

And then the Eloufe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 30° A prills;

Anno 8° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1735. Praters.

MR. Winnington reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to make a Division of certain Commons and Waste E&nds lying w ithin the Manor and Parish oiCh edit ton, in the County of Stafford, among the Proprietors, in order to inclose the fame, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that, of the Persons concerned, the far greater Part had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and only Five had not given their Consent

t73S-

thereto, and that they did not appear to oppose the fame; and that the Committee had directed him to report the till to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerks Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Lincolo’s-fufther Consideration the Report from the Committee of Inn Fkldi the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable the present ^[ove* and future Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Houi’ea in Lincolns-1nn Fields, in the County of Middlesex, to make a Rate on themselves, for raising Money sufficient to clean and adorn the find Fields, and to keep the same iu Repair, w-as committed, be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration:

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, with an Amendment to One of them, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the BiH.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, Supply by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Laud Tax. Service of the Year 1735, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill;

viz.

Press 178. Line 5. After " Thomas Sanfordinfert " John Sever ne"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1735.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Derwent-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon water fertile Bill for applying the Rents and Profits of the for- ,elled feited Estate of the late Earl of Derwentwater towards the Finishing and Completing of the RoytfTHospital at Greenwich, and towards the maintaining the Pensioners therein, when the Building of the said Hospital shall be finished, he now read:

And the same was read accordingly.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. John Bennet and 1 Mr. Edwards.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act SaiUloti to continue feme Laws therein mentioned, relating to the Manufat? Encouragement of the making of Sail-Cloth in Great ture>to Britain, and for Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Regulation to continue several Laws therein mentioned, for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Mer- ‘ I chants Service; for the regulating of Pilots of Dover,

Deal, and the Hie of Tha net; for preventing Frauds in the Customs; and to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods; and for making Copper Ore of the British Plantations an enumerated Commodity; without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Earl of i enable William Mackenzie, late Earl of Seaforth, to lue, P or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his At-tainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter dclcend or come to him; without any Amendment. And also,

titfrrtaxioa oi lum-

fi.LrS, 4c.

Prnvrnf-waffr’j |‘or« luted hi at*.

Hcltraiuing I tic Number wf.’laylioufcs

Trepeme’s

JfciUlt.

8 Geo. II. 30° Aprtlis. — i4 Mail 48 i

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act An Act for vesting Part of the real Estate late of James for rendering the Laws more cflWftual for punching Tregeare Esquire, deceased, in Margery hisWidow and such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down ltelift, in Part of her Dower; and for Sale of the rest or destroy Turnpikes for repairing Highways; or Locks, of the said Estate, for Payment of the Debts of the said or other Works, erected by Act of Parliament, for mak- James Trcgeare\ and for laying out the Surplus money, ing Kivers navigable; and for oilier Purposes therein arising by such Sale, in the rurchafe oif other. Lands, to mentioned; without any Amendment. the Use of Honour his Daughter, arid her Heirs; was

And then the McflVngers withdrew. committed; and to Whom the Petition of William Oliver,

of the City of Bath, Doctor in Physic, was referred;

A Motion being made, and the Quell ion being pro- That the Committee had heard the Petitioner, by his poled. That it be an 1 nft rust ion to the Committee of the Counfrl, according to the Prayer of hiS Petition; and whole I Jo life, to whom the Bill for applying the Bents had also heard Counsel for the Bill; and that the Com-and Profits of the forfeited Estate of the late Karl of mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and Dementicater towards tl»e Finishing and Completing found tire same to be true; And had gone through the of the Royal Hospital at Grain* ich, and towards the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they maintaining the Petitioner* therein, when the Building had directed him to report to the House; and he read of the said Hospital shall be finished, is re-committed, the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the That they have Power to receive a Clause for making Bill, with the Amendment, in At the Clerk’s Table: Satisfaction, out of the Profits of t lie late Earl of Dcr- Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth; ucnfwater's Estate, to tire Persons concerned in dif- vis.

covering the Frauds in the* late Sale of the said Estate, Profs 6. L. 2. After " aforesaid," insert Proviso, fjr the Expences and Trouble they were at upon that marked A:

Account; Provided always, Thak nothing in thisAft contained

And Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, having, by " shall extend, or beconftruod to extend, to any Mef-his Mnjefiy's Command, acquainted the House, That fuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which Iris Majesty recommends it to their Consideration, to " the said James Tregeare, at the time of his Death, make Inch Satisfaction to the fairi Persons as the House " held, according to the Custom of the Borough of ih dl think fu; " Dutthtied, otherwise Launcejiun, in tire said County

Ordered, That it be an Inftrtiftion to the said Com- " of Cornivall mittee, that they have Power to receive a Clause for The kid Amendment, being read a Second time, making Satisfaction, out of the Profits of the late Earl was, upon the Questiou put thereupon, agreed to by of Dcrzventicater's Estate, to the Persons concerned in the House. difeuvering the Frauds in the late Sale of the said Estate,

for the Expences aird Trouble they were at upon that An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mathew's, account. to naturalize Stephen Mathew, Arnold Rujenhagen, and &c* ^at#

Ehen the House resolved itfJf into the said Com- Jane Elizabeth du Bouchet, was read the First time, mil tee. ReJ'ulved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir. Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereun'o; which they hail directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the HonTe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for restraining the N umber of House* for Playing of Interludes, and for the E tier regulating common Players of Interludes, be n«»w read:

And the same wn$ read accordingly:

Ami a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That this House w ill. Tomorrow* at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j I} 74-

Tellers for the Noes, j S j 90.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And they the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill to explain, and make more effec- Hi?bgat« trial, the several Acts made and pufled for repairing the and Hamp-Highways leading to Highgate Gatehouse, and Hamp- I^acts,

feud, in the County of Middlesex, so fur as the same relate to the Statute-work to be done upon the said Highways, or Compositious to be made in lieu of the fame, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act to explain, and make more effectual, the several Acts made and passed for repairing the Highways leading to llighgalt Gatehouse, and Hampflead, in the County of Middlesex, lb tar as the same relate to the Statute-work to be done upon the said Highways; or Competition* to be made in lieu of the fame.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Child do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrofred Bill to enable the present and future Pro- LiDcoln’sfnn prietors and Inhabitants of the Houses in Lincoln's- Fields Im-inn-fields, in the County of Middlesex, to make a Rate Proveraent-on them (elves, for raising Money sufficient to clean and adorn the said Fields, and to keep the same in Repair, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the present and future Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Houses in Lincoln's-in n-fields, in the County of Middlesex, to make a Rate on themselves, for raising Money sufficient to inclose, clean; and adorn the said Fields.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Child do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Jovis, 1® die Mali;

Anno 8° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1735. PUAYEUS.

SIR Robert Rich reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the-Lords, intituled, Voju 22.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, iniprison-pnfled in the Second Year of the Reign of his present nient Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Debtors, I)olnor5'* with respect to the imprisonment of their Persons, uts read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

HQ intituled.

482 X Q MaA. 173 cj.

intituled, j\n Act for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to t he Imprisonment of their Persons.

Ordered, That Sir John Barnard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Copy-tight Mr. Winnington, according to Order, reported from °Books^ Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill ° s* for making more efleftunl an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intruded, An Act for the Encouragement of Learning, by vesting the Copies of printed Books in the Authors or Purchasers of Inch Copies, during the Times therein

mentioned,.....the Amendments which the

Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had di-rested him to report to the iloufe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then & Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, one of them was difa^reed to, &nd the rest, with Amendments to several of them, were agreed to by the House.

And the said Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, being read;

1 A Clause, for the repeal thereof, was offered to be

added to the Bill;

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed toby the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the \ eas, Tho^Gore t} i63-

... ... Tellers for the Noes. ].m.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative,

A Message from the Lords* by Mr. Holford and Mr. Thomas Benue I:

Mr. Speaker,

Lord The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Carleton’s Sale of the Eft ate of Henry late Lord Carleton, in the Estate. County of Oxon; and for laying out the Money, arising by fuel) Sa!ef in the Purchase of another Estate in or near the County of Wilts, to be settled to the like Uses: To which* the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Earl of The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for r&cbEftau*S* exchanghig of Lands between the Earl of Peterborough and the Provost and Scholars of Queen's College, in Oxford: To which the Lords deftre the Concurrence of '; this House:.

... And then the Messengers withdrew*

Quartering An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Soldiers for regulating the Quartering of Soldiers, during the tions^ EIeC" l*rae °rLleftions of Members to lerve in Parliament, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refilled, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

lord An ,nSro^ Bill horn the Lords, intituled, An Act Car'ieion’s for Sale the Estate of Henry late Lord Carleton, in Elute. the County of Oxon-y and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of another Estate jn or near the County of Wilts, to be settled to the like Uses; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of for exchanging of Lands between the Earl of Peter-borough, and the Provost and Scholars of Queen's College, ill Oxford, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take York into further Consideration the Report from the Com- ®uil|,in«s mittee, to whom the Petition of EJliier Crull, Widow, ^0lllPaiJ.v’ Thomds Moseley, Gilbert de Flines, A nne Finch, Theodore Da veil, Mary Bayly, Richard Phillips, Philip Dykes, ForbesXVilfon, Grace Holland, Daniel Cabroll, and others,

\Vhofe Names are thereunto subscribed. Creditors of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, as also Proprietors of several Parts and Shares of the Stock of the said Company, on behalf of thetnfeives; and others, was referred.

And Part of the said Report, relating to a Call of One and an Half per Cent. and to the Distribution of* annihilated Stock, upon Payment of that Call, and to Bonds issued for the Call of One and an Half per Cent. carrying Three Pounds per Cent. Interest, and to the Conveyance of the Water-houses and Water-works of the said Company to Trustees, for securing the Payment of the Interest on such Bond-, being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears tq this House, that the Granting of Bonds by the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, secured upon the Company’s Water-works, for a Call of One and a Hal{perCent. notwithstanding the Company had given a Proportion of their annihilated Stock, 1

as a Consideration to the Proprietors who paid the said i

Call, was an unwarrantable Increase of the Debt of the Company;

The previous Question was put. That that Question be now put: And,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That the Granting of Bonds, by the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, secured upon the Company’s Water-works, foraCall of One and an Half perCent. notwithstanding the Company had given a Proportion of their annihilated Stock as a Consideration to the Proprietors who paid the said Call, was an unwarrantable Increase of the Debt of the Company.

And Part of the said Report, relating to the annihilating of One-half of the Capita! Stock of the said Company, and to the issuing of Bonds, in Exchange for the fame, after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Cent. and to the Price of tli^ said Company’s Stock at that time, being read;

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That the annihilating Half of the Stock of the said Company, and giving out Bonds for the same to the Proprietors thereof, after the Rate of Ten Pounds perCent. when the same would scarce have fold for Three Pounds per Cent, in the Market, was a Contrivance to increase the Debts of the Company.

And Part of the said Report, relating to the Date, and Day of Payment of the said Ronds, being read;

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That tlio dating the said Bonds, upon the Twelfth Day of'June 1734, and making the same payable upon the Fifteenth of the same Month, in order to obtain an unjust Preference upon the Company’s Estate, to a great Number of Bonds, by them formerly issued, to the Amount of about One hundred thousand Pounds, and which were to become due on the Twenty-fifth of March 1735, was an Attempt to defraud the lawful Creditors of the said Company.

And part of the said Report, relating to the Commencement of a Suit in Scotland, on the said Bonds, in order to obtain Adjudications 0^1 the Company’s Estate there, being read;

And

8 Geo. II. i° — i Mail. 483

And Pari of an at t* fled Abbreviate of the Decreet of Adjudication obtained in th it Suit bein ;also rend;

Resolved, That it appears to this 1 I uft\ That the putting fume of the said B>nds for the said Half-stock, in Sint against the said Company, and obtaining Adjudications in Scotland thereupon, in the Name of one R'ehard Searr, were highly injurious to the just "and legal Creditors ot‘tf»e said Company.

Ordered, 'Hint Iy*a\e he given to bring in a Bill to declare the said Bonds, f° issued for the said Malf-stork, rtull and void: And that Mr. Chetwynd, Sir John Barnard, Lord Sidney Bcauelerk, General Wade, Sir James Lvu fhtr, Mr. Oglethorpe, and Mr. Hay, do pieparo, and bring in, the fame.

Yurt Ordered, Tint. Leave be given to bring in a Bill

Hailing* for appointing Cmnmission or.s for taking, Hating, and lon*!*")' determining all tin Claims and Demands of the Creditors of the Corporation of the (Governor and Company of Undertakers for railing tnc Thames Water in York Buildings, and of all IVrfons claiming any Share, or Interest, in the Stock or Fund of the said Corporation: And that Mr Oglethorpe, Sr James leather, General Wade, Sir John Barnard, and Mr. Hay, do prepare, and bring in, tire fame.

TVnrrnt- The other Order of the Day beinrr read; y*r'*. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of

/'clt the whole House, to whom the Bill lor applying the Rents and Profits of the forfeited Kit ate of the late Fail of Dementivater% towards the Ktnishing and Completing of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, ami towarils the maintaining the Pensioners therein, when the Building of the said Hospital shall be finished, was re-committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Feneris, 2° die Maii;

Anno $* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1735.

Grace Holland, Daniel Cabroll, and others, whole Names are thereunto fub (bribed, Creditors of the Governor and Company of Undertakers lor raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, as ulfo Proprietors of several Parts and Shares of the Stuck of the said Company, on beh.df of tb^mluivcs, and others, was referred; and to whom llie Petition of the Governor and Company oi Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, in Cent ral Court assembled; and also the Petition of the mo ft Noble Edward Duke of Norfolk, G(or»e Lord Carpenter, Sir Alexander Murray Baronet, and John Stephens Esquire, Lefl’ors of the Lead Mines at Struntien, in North Britain, and Creditors, by Specialty of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, in behalf of tiiemselves, and others, concerned in the said M ines; and also the Petition of Colonel Samuel Hot fey, late Governor of the York Buildings Company, in behalf of himself, and his Son Jcrom llorjey, late One of the Afliltants of the said Company; and also the Petition of the most Noble James Duke of Chandos, the Right honourable Edu ard Karl of Oxford, and Earl Martina r, and the Light honourable Henrietta’ Coun-K-fs of Oxford and Mortimer his Wife; are referred; That tin* Commistt c had agreed upon a further Report to be made to the House, when the House will please to ren i\ 111 <* fame.

Ordered, Tluit the Report be now received.

Mr. Tyner accordingly report, d from the said Committee, That they had examined ihe Matters of the Foui inlt-mentioned Petitions; dnd had directed him to report V e fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he r» nd the Rep >rt m his Place; and afterwards debvcif d it in at tin Cle. k‘s Fable

Ordered, That t lit* said Report be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be lufticient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report, being prnted by Order of the House, a printed Copy »h reof is bound up and p'cfcrved with the other Books belonging to th£ House , ami the original Report is bound up With the other Papers of this Session.

Trrcwrc’s

Liute.

Prayers.

\N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the real Elia to, late of James Tvcgearc Kiqiiire, deo a fed, in Margery his Widow and Relict, in Part of her Dower; and for Sale of the rest of the said Ell ate, for Payment of the Debts of the said James Tregeare, and for laying out the Surplus-money, anting by such Sail*, in the Ptirchafe of other Lands, to the Lie of Honour his Daughter, and her Heirs; was read the T hint time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pal’s.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Rich do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, with an Amendment; to which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Chrdleton An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, int'tnled, An Act luclosure. for appointing Commissioners to make Division of certain Commons, and waste Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Chedleton, in the County of Stafford, among the Proprietors, in order to indole the fame, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. H’innijigton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

York Mr. Vxfner reported from the Committee, to whom Bu Mings the Petition of Ejlher Crull, Widow, Thomas Mofe/ey, Coivpauy. Qliber 1 rfe P'Lines, Anne Finch, Theodore Dave/, Mary Bayly, Richard Phillips, Philip Dykes, Forbes IVilJdn, Vol. 22.

Mr. Hay reported from the Committee appointed to consider the Laws in being relating to the Maintenance and Settlement of the Poor; and to consider what further Pro\ ilions may he neccftary for their better Relief and Employment, That the Committee had considered t h o ft Laws; and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and the Refohilions of the Committee are as followeth; viz.

lle/olved. That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That the Laws in being, relating to the Maintenance of the Poor of this Kingdom, are defective; and, notwithstanding the y impose heavy Burdens on Parishes, yet the Poor, in most of them, are ill taken careof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Laws relating to the Settlement of the Poor, and concerning Vagrants, are very difficult to be executed, and chargeable in their execution, vexatious to the-Poor, and of little Advantage to the Publick, and ineffectual to promote the good Ends for which they were intended.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is neccftary, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, that a publick Workhouse or Work-houses, Hospital or I lospitals, House or Houses of Correction, be estabiillied in proper Places, and under proper Regulations, in each County.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in such Workhouse or Worklioufes, all poor Persons; able to labour, lie set to work, whofliail either be sent thither, or come voluntarily, for Employment.

Resolved,

Poor

Laws.

ii

Preventing wrongous Imprisonment, &c. in Scotland.

Church Pre* feiitations in Scotland*

a’ — 5* Mail.

J. 1735.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in such Hospital or Hospitals, Foundlings, and Mother poor Children, not having Parents able to provide for them, be taken care of> as also all poor Persons that are impotent or infirm.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in such House or Houses of Correction, all idle and disorderly Persons, Vagrants, and such other Criminals, as shall be thought proper, be confined to hard Labour.

Refoloed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Charge of such Workhouses, Hospitals, and Houses of Correction, each Parish be assessed or rated; and that proper Persons be im powered to receive the Money so to be assessed or rated, when collected, and also all voluntary Contributions, or Collections, either given or made for such Purposes.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such Workhouses, Hospitals, and Houses of Correction, be under the Management of proper Persons, Regard being had to such as shall be Benefactors to so good a Work.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such Persons, as shall be appointed to*.he Management of such Workhouses, Hospitals, and Houses of Correction, be One Body Politick in Law, capable to file and be sued, and of taking and receiving charitable Contributions and -Benefactions for theufeof the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the better understanding, and rendering more effectual, the Laws relating to the Maintenance and Settlement of the Poor, it is very expedient that they be reduced into One Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Year 1701, intituled, An Act for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, and against undue Delays in Tryals, was read the Third time.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Bill, in Press 8. L. 10. by leaving out from the Word " Resistance’ to the End of the Clanfe;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeasj["l EL I3I-

Tellers for the ] 1*4-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to repeal so much of the ACI, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to restore Patrons to their ancient Rights of prefen ting Ministers to the Churches vacant, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as relates to the Power of Patrons to present Ministers to vacant Churches, and to explain an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Year 1690, intituled, Act concerning Patronages, by ascertaining the Method of calling Ministers 10 vacant Churches in Scotland;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be now read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Y~eas,

Tellers for the Noes, j

So it passed in the Negative,

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Month.

Hume Campbell, ? r Cholmondeley: J 2’

Do ding ton, 7 Thom if on: J 109’

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for applying the Rents and Profits of the forfeited Estate of the late Earl of Derxjotritwater> towards the Finifliing and Completing of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, and towards maintaining the Pensioners therein, when the Building of the said Hospital shall be finished, was re-committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

LuncBy 50 die Maii;

Anno 8* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1735. Prayers.

SI R Robert Monroe reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An ACI: to enable Sir Charles Gilmpur Baronet, to fell Part of the Lands and Baronies of Craigmillar, and and Nether Liberton, for Payment of Debts with which the said Estate (lands charged and incumbered, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Monroe do carry the Bill to the Lords, arid acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for applying the Rents and Profits of the forfeited Estate of the late Earl of Derzccntwater, towards the Finishing and Completing of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, and towards maintaining the Pensioners therein, when the Building of the said Hospital shall be finished, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in'his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And another Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, was read a Second time.

And, Sir Charles Wager having acquainted the I louse, That he had Authority from his Majesty to say, That his Majesty gives his Consent, That this House may make such Provisions for granting Leases of the said Estate, and also for the Sale of any Part thereof, to discharge the Incumbrances thereupon, as the House shall think lit; The laid Amendment was agreed to by the House. And the rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time, were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate of Henry late Lorn Carle ton, in the County of Oxon, and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of another Estate, in or near the County of Wilts, to be settled to the like Uses, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wnu 22 Wyndhpm,

Derwent-water’S t’oi foiled Eltule.

Gilmoiir’s

Efttift.

Derwent* water’s forfeited lilhilc.

Lord]

Csirlelnj

Licite

° Mai

8 Geo. II. 5’ —

Wyndham, Mr. Gybbo??, Lord Limerick, Mr. Archer, Mr> Sanchjs, Mr. Earle, Lord Harry PozoLett, Mr. Ilume Campbell, Mr. Harley, Mr. Knight, Sir Thomas Sander* son, Mr. Plumer, Lord Morpeth, Sir G^o. Beaumont, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. AW/, Mr. Corneivall, Mr. llucks, Mr. Cluttcrback, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Go/v?, Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Pollen, Sir JWz/z JEfi/id Cotton, Sir JtoAn Morgan, Mr. Wright, Mr. Hoblon, Sir Charles Vernon, Mr. Balhurjt, Mr. Grenville, Sir James Hamilton, Sir Rufhout, Mr. Pulteney, Sir Christopher Powell, Mr. ILnigeiford, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Curzon, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Lord Polwarth, Mr. Cosier, Mr. Onslow, Colonel Onjbw, Mr. Cockburn, Mr. Turner, Sir Edmund Bacon, Captain Purvis, Mr. Corbet, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Baron Birch, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Par fans, Mr. Harvey, Sir JFin. CLayton, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Erskine, Lord Morpeth, Captain Martin, Mr. Ftf/ze, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Cartwright, Lord Can/fo/rj/, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Pleydell, Dr. Clarke, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Serjeant Skinner, Mr. Compton; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of JFzV/j and O.rflzz: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Earl of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act whorougii’s for exchanging of Lands between the Earl of Peter-ic. tldte. borough, and the Provost and Scholars of Queen's College, in Oxford, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Plumer, Mr. Vyner, Sir Wilfred Laufon, Lord Limerick, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Morpeth, Sir fames Lowther, Sir Michael Newton, Mr. Smith, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Mor daunt, Mr. Hooper, Dr. C00/J, Mr. Earle, Mr. Richard Plumer, Mr. Wollaston, Mr. Aijlabie, Lord Polwarth, Sir G<?0. Beaumont, Mr. Philips, Mr. Archer, Mr. Pulteney, Sir Robert Clifton, Mr. Longueville, Sir John Rujhont, Sir Christopher Powell, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Gore, Mr. Curzon, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Cartwright, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Pity dell, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Wright, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Onslow, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Edgcumbe, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Hoare, Sir Thomas Sanderfdn, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Winnington, Mr. //oy. General Wade, Mr. C0rfte/, Mr. Z)z/wr077z/>e, Mr. C0z/i/>/07z, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Leveson Gower; and all the Members that lerve for the Counties of Southampton, Bucks, and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Dpy*right An ingrossed Bill for the Encouragement of Learn-sprinted ing, by veiling the Copies of printed Books in the Authors or Purchasers of such Copies, during the Times therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; uzs.

Press 7. L. 15. After " of to insert " the College " of:"

Press 14. L. 40. To leave out Fifteen," and insert K One-and-twenty Press 16. L. 30. After" Eight"to insert u Year:" And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. Rejoiced, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Encouragement of Learning, and the more effectual securing of the Copies of printed Books to the Authors or Purchasers of such Copies, during the Times therein mentioned, and for repealing an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Learning, by veiling the Copies of printed Books in the Authors or Purchasers of such Copies, during the Time therein mentioned.

Yol. 22.

485

Ordered, That Mr. Winnington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resumed the ad- Preventing journed Debate of Friday last, upon the Amendment, wrongous proposed to be made, to the ingrossed Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Parliament of ^Scotland. Scotland in the Year 1701, intituled, An Act for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, and against undue Delays in Tryals.

And the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 7. L. 11, 12, 13, 14. To leave out " Warrant tc of Commitment shall be granted on Pretence or cc Information of any bailable Crime, nor shall llich " Warrant, or any

L. 15. After Debt" to insert shall :H L. 35. To leave out " Warrant or:"

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Then a Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pass:

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Erjkin of \ l39<

r Lord Advocate of

Tellers for the Noes, < Scotland,

I Mr. Winnington:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland in the Year 1701, intituled, An Act for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, and against undue Delays in Tryals.

Ordered, That the Lord Polwarth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Quartering resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Quartering of Soldiers, Hledions. during the Time of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 6° die Maii;

Anno 8° Georgii IIil Regis, 1735.

Pra yers.

N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An 'Mathew'*, Act to naturalize Stepften Mathew, Arnold Rosen- * at*

hagen, and Jarie Elizabeth du Bouchct, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed toMr. Brereton,

Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Owen, Mr. Townshend, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Walker, Mr. Watts, Mr. Edwards,

Mr. Corbet, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Lawton, Sir Wm.

Clayton, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Polhill, Colonel Lyddell, Mr.

Balle, Mr. Bijfe, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Earle, Mr.

Ashe, Mr. Papillon, Sir Robert Monroe, Mr. Wyndham,

Sir Geo. Downing, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Hay, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Wynne, Lord Gage, Mr. Bramston, Mi\Pturner,

Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Longueville, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir Jof Pennington, Mr. Gildart, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Sir Christo. Powell, Mr. Curzon, Mr.

Gore, LorcT^Polwarth, Mr. Philips, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Coster, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

Onslow, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Cock-bur ne, Mr. Turner, Sir Edmund Bacon, Captain Purvis, Sir John Rushout, Sir Charles Turner, Mr.

Baron Birch, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Parsons,

Mr. Harvey, Mr. Erskine, Lord Morpeth, Captain 6 H Martin,

Appleton's

Elute.

Lord

Polwarth’s

Efrate.

Derwent-ti aier’s forfeited Eftute.

486 6° — f

Martin, Mr. Fdne, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Danvers, Captain Evans, Mr. Lewis, Mr. G//V-xvrighf, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Bunco tribe. Lord Vornburx/, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Lord Limerick, Mr. PleydelL Mr. Knight, Sir Thomas Sanderson, Dr. Clarke, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Hooper, Sir jWi/z Hind Cotton« Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Wright, Si ['Charles Vernon, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Rowncy, Mr. Serjeant Skinner, Mr. ////Mr. Tower, Lord AW Somerset, Mr. More, Mr. Lyttleton, Lord Tyrconnel, Mr. xvorth, Mr. Hoare, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Papilion, Mr. Far, Mr. Willi mot, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Compton, Sir Mr. Laroche, Mr. Pelham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committ.ee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing a Partition of the Eftafceof Henry Appleton Esquire, deceased, made pursuant to a Decree of the Court of Chancery, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Hugh Hume Campbell, commonly called Lord Polioarth, to fell Lands in Essex, settled by his Marriage Articles, and, with the Money arising thereby, to purchase other Lands, of like Value, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment

An ingrafted Bill for applying the Rents and Profits of the forfeited Ellate of the late Earl of Derwentzvatery towards the Finiftuug and Completing of the Royal I lospital at Greenwich, and towards maintaining the Pensioners therein, when the Building of the said Hospital shall be finished, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Prefsz. L. 1. To leave out " by," and insert ‘‘of:"

- Press 3. L. 1. After " Money" to insert " was:"

Press 8. L. 19. To leave out " always," and to insert " therefore:"

Press 10. L. 21. After " Commissioners" to insert * or Governors and, after " said," to inferl " Royal:"

L. 25. After " said," to insert " Royal:" Press 11. L. 8. After " said" to insert " Royal:" Press 12. L. 13. To leave out " or," and insert

" and:"

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Derive nfiva ter, and Charles Radcliffe.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mali. 1735.

The Lord Sidney tieaUclerk prefettled to the House, according to Order, a Bill for declaring several Bonds, therein named, i (Tried tinder the Seal of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buddings, null and void: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Quartering of Soldiers, during the Time of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Sanderson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair*

Sir Thomas Sander/on reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 70 die Man;

Anno 8° Georgii IIdI Regis, 1735. Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year. 1735, without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the real Ellate, late of James Tregeare Esquire. deceased, in Margery his Widow and Relict, in Part of her Dower, and for Sale of the rest of the said Ellate, for Payment of the Debts of the said James Tregeare, and for laying out the Surplus-money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to the Use of Honour his Daughter, and her Heirs. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to iudemuily Protestant Purchasers of Estates of Papilts, against the Penalties or Forfeitures Papists are liable to for not registering their Estates, or fur not having inrolled the fame, in pursuance of the Acts of the First, and Third Years of King George the First, for that Purpose, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Oglethorpe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for appointing Com mi fiTioners for taking, dating, and determining, all the Claims and Demands of the Creditors of the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, and of all Persons claiming any Share or Interest in the Stock or Fund of the said Corporation: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An

York

BuildiiiL'i

Company.

(Quartering Soldiers during Eli Ainu.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

St. Leonard, Sh nrdird), I'iiurch.

TregcareT

Estate.

Protestant PurchasJ of LiiatfJ ludtmty

York

6uilJin|

Compai

8 Geo. II.

AnpJeton'f An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Luat*?, for confirming and efhibhlhing a Partition of the Eftaleof Henry Appleton Inquire, deceased, made pursuant to a Decree of the Court of Chancery, was read the Th>rd time.

Rr/otvcd, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered I'hat Mr. Pturner i lo carry the Bill to the I-ords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Cantillon’t SWTIiomas Sanndrrjbn reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrolIWl Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Execution of the last Will and Testament of Richard Cantilion Esqttire, deceased| u:id for other the Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereuiAo; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the lleport in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were rear!; and are as follow; viz.

Prels 3. L 40. Leave out the First 44 to," and insert " and

Prels 4. K 4. After Parliament," insert and " whereas Thomas Canlillon Esquire, Brother of the said Rtchard Canlillon, deceased, and the Children

of the said Thomas CantiUon, are legatees for several Sums of Money, and certain Annuities until " the said Sums are paid, under the said Will, and, as such, are interfiled in the proper Management of * the said Testator s Ellate

L. £j. After Canti lion" insert 14 Thomas " CantiUon

L. 13. Afler Garvanf insert and his " Executors:"

L. 17. Leave out 44 is," and insert and his Executors are

L. 19. After CantiUon," insert 44 77tomas Canlillon :"

L. 2Q. After 4C or," insert the major Part of them, during all their joint Continuance in 4 the Trust after mentioned; but, if they shall be re- duced toTwro, then with the Consent and Appro- bation of the said Two, or any One of them, and afterwards of:"

L. 23. After CantiUon," insert Thomas CantiUon and, after 44 or," to insert the major Part of them, during their joint Continuance in the said Trust, or of any One of them, when reduced to Two

L. 25. After 44 by," insert 41 him, ber, or Press 5. L. 3. After 41 Garvaninfert44 or his Exc- cutors:"

L. 8. After Executors," insert, 44 or Ad- miuistrators

L, 9, 10. Leave out the said Mary Anne Canlillon, and Henry Finmefe, and the," and insert such Person or Persons as shall have agreed to such Composition, and the Survivors or:"

L. 10. After Executors," insert or Ad- ministrators

Press 6. L. 23. After Garvan," insert or his Executors

L. 28. After all," insert and every:"

L. 34. Leave out and, " and insert 44 or:" Press 7. L. 10. After the Second said,n insert Thomas Canlillon

L. 12. After Executors, insert or Ad- ministrators."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Quartering cy *tv *

Soldier* f nomas baunderfan, according to Order, reported

during Llec- from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the npi*. yG L 22.

487

ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for regulating the Quartering of Soldiers, during the Time of the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to One of them, being Clause A, agreed to by the House, and are as follow.

Press 1. L. 31. Leave out, 44 who is hereby required u to take Notice of the Time appointed for such Elections or Election :"

At the End of the Bill add Clause A:

A: 44 Provided always, That the Secretary at War,

44 or, in case there shall be no Secretary at War, then such Person, who shall officiate in the Place of the Secretary at War, shall not be liable to any Forfeiture or Incapacity, for not fending such Order as aforesaid upon any Election to be made of a Member to serve in Parliament, on a Vacancy of any Seat there,

44 unless Notice of the makingoutany tie w Writ for such Election shall be given to him by the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, or other Officer making out any new Writ for such Election; which Notice he is hereby directed and required to give, with all convenient Speed, after making out the said Writ.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report from the Committee appointed to consider the Laws in being relating to the Maintenance and Settlement of the Poor, and to consider what further Provisions may be necessary for their better Relief and Employment.

The First Resolutiou being read a Second time;

Resolvtd, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Law’s in being relating to the Maintenance of the Poor of this Kingdom are defective, notwithstanding the y impose heavy Burthens on Parities, yet the Poor, in most of them, are ill taken Care of.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Laws relating to the Settlement of the Poor, and concerning Vagrants, are very difficult to be executed, and chargeable in their Execution, vexatiou^ to the Poor, and of little Advantage to the Publick, and ineffectual to promote the good Ends for which they were intended.

The Third and Fourth Resolution, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fifth Resolution being read a Second time:

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That in such Hospital or Hospitals, Foundlings, and other poor Children, not having Parents able to provide for them, be taken care of, as also all poor Persons that are impotent and infirm.

The Sixth and Seventh Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Eighth Resolutiou being read a Second time 5 Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That such Workhouses, Hospitals, and Houses of Correction, be under the Management of proper Persons, regard being had to such as shall be Benefactors to so good a Work.

the Ninth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment w*as proposed to be made therein, by inserting after the Word " Benefactions" these Words, 44 in Money

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Another

70 Maii.

Poor I.aw*,

Cantillon's

Will.

Quartering Soldiers during Elections.

York

Buildings

Company.

488

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words, " with proper Restrictions as to the " Powers of such Bodies Politick."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended, That such Persons as shall be appointed for the Management of such Workhouses, Hospitals, and Houses of Correction, be One Body Politick in Law, capable to sue and be sued, and of taking and receiving charitable Contributions and Benefactions in Money, for the Use of the fame, with proper Restrictions as to the Power of such Bodies Politick.

The last Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 8° die Mail;

Anno 8* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1735. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Execution of the laftWill and Testa-ment of Richard Cantillon Esquire, deceased, and forother Purpose^ therein mentioned, was read the Third time. Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass. Ordered, That Sir Thomas Saunderson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for regulating the Quartering of Soldiers, during the Time of the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, was read the Third time.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass 5 The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Doctoi^ire, } 4"'

r. forth. Noes, \ 38.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That S'wTkomas Saunderson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them* That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Ejlher Crull, Widow, Thomas Moseley, Gilbert de Flines, Anne Finch, Theodore Davell, Mary Bayly, Richard Phillips, Philip Dykes, Forbes Wilson, Grace Holland, Daniel Cabroll, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Creditors of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, as also Proprietors of several Parts and Shares of the Stock of the said Company, on behalf of themselves, and others *, and also the Petition of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, in General Court assembled; and also the Petition of the most Noble Edward Duke of Norfolk, George Lord Carpenter, Sir Alexander Murray Baronet, and John Stephens Esquire, Lessors of the Lead-mines at Strontien, in North Britain, and Creditors, by Specialty, of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings, in behalf of themselves, and others con-

1735-

cerned in the said Mines; and also the Petition of Colonel Samuel Horsey, late Governor of the York Buildings Company, in behalf of himself, and his Son Jerom Horsey, late One of the Assistants of the said, Company; and also the Petition of the most Noble Duke of Chandos, the Right honourable Edward Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, and the Right honourable HenriettaCoxmtets of Oxford and Mortimer his Wife; were referred.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon this Day Fortnight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris y 90 die Maii;

Anno 8° Georgii Il,!i Regis, 1735.

Prayers.

MR. Brereton reported from the Committee, to Math’* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, &c* An Act to naturalize Stephen Mathew, Arnold Rosen-hagen, and Jane Elizabeth du Bouchet, was committed,

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Brereton do carry the Bill to the.

Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Honj,0i the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for "rit‘ electing a Bnrgefs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough oiHoniton, in the County of Devon, in the room of Sir William Yonge Baronet, and Knight of the most honourable Ol der of the Bath, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of his Majesty’s Secretary at War.

Resolved, That an humble Address be prefen ted to Foreign Ira-his Majesty,'That he will be graciously pleased to give P,ortslul0 Directions to the proper Officer or Officers, That an Account may be prepared, in order to be laid before this House the next Session of Parliament, of what Quantfty of Rum, Spirits, Meiafles, Syrups, Sugar, and Paneels, have been imported into any of his Majesty’s Northern Colonies in Amei'ica, from any of the French,

Dutch, or other foreign Colonies there, since the a/>th Day of December 1733; with the Amount of the Duties collected thereon by virtue of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; distinguishing each Colony, and each Year.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to import* fio his Majesty, That lie will be graciously pleased to give Jamaica,* Directions to the proper Officer or Officers, That an Account may be prepared, in order to be laid before this House the next Session of Parliament, of the Quantity of Rum, Meiafles, and Sugar, which have been imported into his Majesty’s Northern Colonies in America from Jamaica, Barbadoes, and the Leeward Islands, for Seven Years past; distinguishing each Year, each Colony, and each Bland.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Ton age Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to giveDi- Shipicle-reclions to the proper Officer or Officers, That an Account may be prepared, in order to be laid before this Colonies? House the next Session of Parliament, of the Quantity of Tonage of such Strips and Vessels, which have been entered and cleared out, for Four Years last past, from any of his Majesty’s Northern Colonies in America, with

Lumber,

70- — 8° — 90 Maii.

Coogk

489

8 Geo. II. 9* — ia

Lumber, Floor, or any other Goods or Merchandize, to Jamaica* Barbados, Antigua, and any other of the Jsruard //lands* belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, as also 10 any of the French, Dutch, or other foreign Settlements in America; distinguishing each Year, each Colony, each ((land, and each French, Dutch, and oilier foreign Settlement.

Scuoivi in Rejoiced* That an humble Address be presented to his American Majesty, That lie \vill be gmciotifly pleased to give oration*. j)jrt,^Kl|ia to the proper Officer or Officers, That an Account may be prepared, in order to be bid before this lloiife the next Session of Parliament, of what Seizures have been made, or Forfeitures incurred, in any of tire Brih/h Plantations in America, by virtue of ail Act, of the Sixth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better ftectiring and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty *s Sugar Colonies iu America.

fciturwin Bvfolved, That nn humble Address be presented to c«lonil|WW *'s That *le lv|H be graciously pleased to give

Trad? aa. Directions to the proper Officer or Officers, That an Account may be preparer), in order to be bid before this House tire next Stdl'ion of Parliament, of what Seizures have boon made, or Forfeitures incurred, in the Kingdom of Ireland, by virtue of an Act, of the Sixth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better (retiring and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America.

Bartndoe* Rejoiced, That an humble Address be presented 10 far-and- his Majesty, That lit* will be grmiously pleased to give olulluiy* Directions to the proper Officer or (Officers, That an Account may be prepared, in order to be laid before this House the next Session of Parliament, of the Quantity of Sugar collected, in kind, and the Quantity* for which Money has been paid and received, on account of the Lour and an Half f)er Cent. Duty,' in Barbadoes and the Leeward Jjlands, for Twenty-one Years last part; together with an Account of the Expence of the OflUvi>, and of other Charges, m collecting the said Duty in the said JHands; distinguishing* each Island, and o&ch Year.

Ditto. Resolved, That an humble Addfltffs be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the pretpor Officer or Officers, That an Account may be prej^m d, m order to be laid before this 1 Ioufe the next SiHlioti of Parliament, of the gross Produce, as it comes into this Kingdom, of the Four and an Half per Cent I)utv, collected in Barbadoes and the Leeivard Jjlands, and bow much 1 hereof bus been paid into the Exchequer, for Twenty-^one Years last pall; dist eaoh Maud, and each Year.

\ »v

Money raised Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to ia Jamaica, his Majesty, Thathe will be graciously pleased )to give Directions to the proper Officer or’Officers, That an Account may be prepared, in order to be laid before tins House the next Session of Parliament, of the Amount of the Money which has been raised in the Itlands of Jamaica and Barbadoes,* and in the-Leeward Jjlands, by any Duties or Impositions on the Importation or'Exportation of Negroes, Wines, or any other Goods or Merchandize, or by any other Taxes, (payable by, or collected upon, the Inhabitants of the said Islands, for Ten Yrears last paftj distinguishing each Year and each Tfland.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty, by such 'Members of this House as are of, his Majesty's most honourable Privy Counsel.

And then the ’Hotife adjourned till Monday Morning next> Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 2*.

Maii.

Lunte, 1 2° die Matt \

Anno 8* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1735.

Prayers.

SIR William Wyndham reported from the Commit- Lord tee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Carietun* intituled, Aa Art for Sale of the Estate of Henry late Efuie‘ Lord Carle I on, in the County of Oxoji; and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Pnrchofe of anotlwr Estate, in or near the County of Wilts, to be settled to the like Uses , was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties* concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee liad directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he dolivered the Bill iu at the Clerks Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.;

Residxed, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Wyvdhcnn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iffae his Warrant to Lcftwithiel the Clerk of the Crown, tu make out a new Writ for 'VnU elating a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lejlwithiel, in the County of Cornwall in the room of the honourable Matthew Dticie Moretou Esquire, now Lord Dude, called up to the House of Peers.

The Lord l.imcriek reported from the Committee, to Earl of whom the ingrossed Bid from the Lords, intituled, An *p^r^’®> Act for Exchanging of Lands between the Eart of Peterborough and the Provost and Scholars of Queen's College, m Oxford, was committed, Tlmt the Committee had examined the Allegations of the l&H, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned bad given their Consent to the lirll, to the Satrsfeftfon of the Committee; and tlmt the Coramittep had directed hita to report the Bill to the House,' without any Amendment: And lie delivered the Bilj in at tlio Clerk’s Table.

A Messagefrom the Lords, by Mr. John Bennet and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Highgateand to explain, and make move effectual, the several Arts Uamprtead made and passed for repairing the *Mighways leading to Eoads. Highga/e Gatehouse, and Jfampjiead, in the County of MiddUJc:r, so far as the same relate <0 Statute-work

to‘be ddne upon the Laid Highways, or Gqmpositions to be made in lieu of the fame, without any Amendment. And allb.

The Lords have agreed to the Amend-.n^tfvmade by Quarterly this House, to the Bill, intitufed, An Act for regulating Soldiers the Quartering of Soldiers during :the time of *the:

Elections of Members ~to serve in Parliament. And eo 10ns* also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Cantilion’s this House, to the Bill, intituled, An A^tdor the better Will. Execution of the last Will and Testament of Richard Can(illen Esquire, deceufed; and for other Purposes therein mentioned. A«d ^Ifo,

The Lords have agreed to the J Bill,. inti tilled, JinJiQ, -Derwent-for she'ATpplication of the Kents and Profits of the water’s» &c. Estates forfeited by the.-A^etSpf fames late Earl Estate^ of Derucntwaler, and Charles Ratfcliffe, without any Amendment. Atid.aHb,; y

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intitgfed, AmAft Lincoln’s-to enable the present and future.Prpp^fetprs and In- Inn-Fields hAbitfints'of the Houses.in,'Lincoln's-iun-Jichls, in the Iraproyement* County of 'Miildteftx, to make a Kate on themselves, for raising Moriey ljlfficignt to inclose, clean^ and adorp, the said1 Fields, without any Amendment.

JAnd then the Messengers withdrew.

6 I Resolved,

State of

American

Colonies.

scotonial

Laws reflecting Trade, kc.

Colonial Duties on Imports and Exports.

Earl of

Peterborough's,

ire. Estate.

Protestant Purchasers of Estates Indemnity.

49 o 12°- — 136 Mali. A. 1735*

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officer or Officers, to prepare Copies, in order to be laid before this House the next Session of Parliament, of the several Representations of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations to his late or pnefent Majesty, and of the Letters written, or other Representations made, by them to the principal Secretaries of State, since the Twenty-fifth Day of March 1715, relating to the State and Condition of any of the British Colonies in America, or in relation to their Trade and Commerce, and of the Danger the said Colonies have been, or are apprehended to be, in, from the growing Power of the French in America.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officer or Officers, That an Account may be prepared, in order to be laid before this House the next Session of Parliament, of what Laws were in force, in any of his Majesty’s Colonies in Amet'ica, on the Twenty-fifth Day of March 1731, and what Laws have been since passed in any of them, by which any Duties or Impositions are laid on the Trade and Shipping of this Kingdom, distinguishing the Colonies: and of what Steps have been taken, and of the Proceedings which have been had, by the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, for his Majesty’s Disapprobation of any of the said Laws, and of which of them, distinguishing for what Terms of Years such Laws were passed, and which of them have had his Majesty’s Disapprobation; and also of what Steps have been taken, or Orders and Directions given, since the said Twenty-fifth Day of March, to any, and which, of the Governors of the said Colonies and Plantations, relating to any Laws which have had his Majesty’s Disapprobation, and to the givingtbeir Assent to any Law, laying any Duties or Impositions on the Trade and Shipping of this Kingdom, for the future.

; ' ‘ ' »J :,) ' ‘

Resolved, That an humble Addrefe be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officer or Officers, That an Account maybe prepared, in(prder to be laid before this House the next Session of Parliament, of w:hat Duties or Impositions are now payable, by any Act or Acts of Affemty, in any of the British Colonies and Plantations in America, on the Importation and Exportation of Negroes, Wines, or other Kind of Liquors, or on any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, and Shipping; distinguishing each Duty or Imposition, and each Colony and Plantation*

Otderedy That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of |iis Majesty’s most honourable! Privy Council.'

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An ^Ct for exchanging of Lands between the Earl of Peter-borough and the Provost and Scholars of Queen's College in Oxford, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Limerick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martity 13°;

Anno 8* Georgii II41 Regis, 17J5.

Prayers. ‘

THE House proceeded to take intOfConfideratioa the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify Protestant Purchasers of, Estates of Papists, against the Penalties or Forfeitures Papists are liable to, for not registering their Estates, or

for not having inrolled the fame, in pursuance of the Acts of the First and Third Years of King George the First, for that Purpose:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follows; viz.

Press 1. L, a. Leave out " First," and, instead thereof, insert " Third :"

L. 4. Leave out from " Act," to " for" in the nth Line:

L. 33. Leave out " Acts," and insert " Act:*

L. 34. Leave out from " Reason" to " that" in the 37th Line:

Press 2. L. 8. After "made," insert "on or before " the Twenty-fifth Day of March, in the Year of our " Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-five

L. 12. After " Papists," insert "andmerely if and only for the Benefit of Protestants

L. 13. Leave out from " Reason" to " that " in the 15th Line:

L. 16. After "Title," insert "to the fame:"

L. 18. After "Aft," insert " Provided that " such Deed or Will shall be inrolled on or before the " Twenty-ninth Day of September, in the Year of oui

" Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-five,

" in such manner as by the said Act is directed and, in the same and 19th Line, leave out " Acts, or either " of them," and insert " Act:" ' 1

L. 25, 26. Leave out " Acts, or either of "them," and, instead thereof, insert "Aft;" and, in the a6th and last Line, leave out " registering and In the^Title of the Bill, L.6, 7. Leave out " registering " their Estates, or for not

L. 8, Leave out the fame," and insert " their Estates:"

1 L. 9. Leave out " the Acts,"

and; instead thereof, insert " an Act;" and, in the same Liue, leave out " First and:"

.: L. 10. Leave out " Year$,"

and insert " Year." 1

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by, the House.

Ordercdy That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Answ«t» Addresses of Friday last, and Yesterday, That his Ma- Ad(Jrefitfc jesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the propen Officers, That the several Accounts and Copies, therein mentioned* might be prepared, in order to be laid before this House the next Session of Parliament, had been presented to.his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House,

That he will give Directions accordingly.

; < ' ' -: T ;r ' =; / '

- Mr. Chfciptroller ttlfo acquainted the House, That he Spanish

had received his Majesty’s Commands to lay before this House several Papers, pitffuapt to their Address to his Trade, Majesty of the 28th Dhy of last.

And Mr. Comptroller presented the same to the House accordingly, together with a List of them.

- And the said Lift was read; and is as followed); viz.

Copy of the Commissaries Commission, April 2, 1730.

Copy of the Commissaries Instructions, August 19,

1730.

Extract of a Letter from the Commissaries to the Duke of Newcastle, Seville, ^,‘173*-

Copy of a Letter from the Commissaries to the Duke of Nezvca/lle, Seville, February 44, 1731; inclosing, d.

Copy of the Spanish Commissaries Commission, dated January 173L and Translation.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Nezvca/Ue to the Commissaries, March'\6f 173{.

Copy of a Letter from the Commissaries to the Duke of Newcastle, Seville, 4^, 1734.; inclosing.

Copy of a Spanish Paper relating to the South Sea Company, N° I. and Translation:

Copy

Googfe-^11*

8 Geo. II. 130 Mail491

Copy of a Paper relating to the South Sea Company's Accounts, N° II. and Translation:

Copy of a Spanish Paper relating to the South Sea Company, N* III. ami Translation:

Copy of a Paper relating to the South Sea Company, V IV. and Translation.

Copy of a Letter from the Commissaries to the Duke of Newcastle, Seville, March J4, 173 J; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from the Commissaries to the South Sea Company, Seville, March L?. *73$.

Copy of u letter Irom tire Duke o! *ScwcaJlle to the Comm (Varies, March 31, 1732.

Copy of a Letter from the Commissaries to the Duke of Nciecastle, Seville, March 173$; inclosing,

Copy of a Spanish Paper, containing some Agreements between the English and Spanish Commis-liric.s relating to the Duties on Negroes, and Translation:

Copy of a letter from the Commissaries to the South Sea Company, Seville, March 1731.

Copy of a letter from the Commissaries to the Duke of Xeurajllr, StT/llc, April 44. 1732.; inclosing,

Lift of the Grievances of the British Nation, and Translation:

Copy of the Demands made by the English Commissaries, of Ships taken at Sea, Sc.

Copy of a Paper, containing the King of Spains Pretentions, and Translation Copy of a letter from the Commissaries to the Duke of yir.ua/lle, Seville, 1732.

Copy of a letter from the Commissaries to the Duke of Neucastle, Seville, Map \ %y 1732; inclosing,

Copy of a Spanish Paper relating to the Twenty-eighth Article of the King of Spains Demands, and Translation.

Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Neucastle to the Commissaries, June 3 and 13, 1 732.

Copy of a letter from the Duke of Newcastle to the Commissaries, July 14th, 1732.

Copy of a letter from the Commissaries to tire Duke of Newcastle, Seville, July 1732 *, inclosing,

Copy of their letter to Lord Harrington, of the same Date:

Copy of the Contents of Monsieur Patino*s Letter, dated June 4% 1732, and Translation:

Copy of the Demands for Fourteen Ships taken in America, and the Spanish Commissaries Answer thereto.

Copy of a Letter from the Commissaries to the Duke of Newcastle, Seville, July [4, 1732; inclosing.

Copy of their Letter to Lord Harrington, of the same Date:

Copy of a Spanish Paper relating to the Limits in America, N* I. and Translation:

Copy of a Spanish Paper relating to the Newfoundland Fishery, N* II. and Translation:

Copy of a Paper, iu Answer to the Spanish Pretention of fishing on the Coast of Newfoundland, N° III. and Translation.

Copy of a Letter from the Commissaries to the Duke of Newcastle, Seville, 1732 5 inclosing,

Copy of their Letter to Lord Harrington, of the same Date:

Copy of Messieurs Skallet and Crowe9s Account, N*I. and Translation:

Copy of Mary Bodkin's Account, N* II. and Translation:

Copy of a Letter from the Commissaries to the Duke of Newcastle, Seville, August -f^, 1732; inclosing.

Copy of their Letter to Lord Harrington, of the same Date:

Copy of a Letter from the Commissaries to Mr.

Burchetty Seville, August 4-j, 1732:

Copy of a Paper relating to the Preliminaries, N* I.

and Translation:

Copy of a Spanish Paper relating to the Preliminaries, N° II. and Translation:

Vol. 32.

Copy of the British Commissaries Paper relating to Spanirti the Preliminaries, N° III. and Translation: Depredations

Copy of a Spanish Paper relating to the Prelimina- aw*111111 ries, N# IV. and Translation:

Copy of a Letter from the Commissaries to the South Sea Company, Seville, ,732.

Copy of a Letter from the Commissaries to the Duke of Neucastle, Seville, September 4-}-, 1732; inclosing,

Copy of a Spanish Paper relating to the Men of War taken near Sicily, N° I. and Translation:

Copy of the British Commissaries Paper relating to the Affair of Sicily, N* II. and Trauflation:

Copy of the Spanish Paper relating to the Affair of Sicily, N* III. and Translation:

Copy of the British Commissaries Paper relating to the Affair of Sicily, N* IV. and Translation:

Copy of a Spanish l*aper relating to the Affair of Sicily, V V'. and Translation.

Copy of a letter from Messieurs Stert and Goddard to the Duke of Newcastle, Seville, September 44-,

1732.

Copy of a Letter from the Commissaries to the Duke of Newcastle, Seville, September 44, 1732-

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to the Commissaries, October 12, 1732.

Copy of a Letter from the Commissaries to the Duke of Nezccajllc, Seville, Oftohtr 44, 1732 *, inclosing.

Copy of a Paper relating to the cutting ot‘ Logwood, X. I. and Translation:

Copy of the British Commissaries Paper relating to the Cutting of logwood, VII. and Translation.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to the Commissaries, November 9, 1732.

Copy of a Letter from the Commissaries to the Duke of Newcastle, Seville, September 4Tt 1 732; inclosing,

Copy of a Spanish Paper relating to the Cutting of Logwood, V I. and Translation:

Copy of the British Commissaries Paper relating to the Cutting of Logwood, V II. and Translation.

Copy of a Letter from the Commissaries to the Duke of Newcastle, Seville, December y*, 1732; inclosing,

Copy of the Agreement between his Majesty’s Commissaries and those of Spain, for prolonging the Term of their Commission, and Translation.

Copy of a Letter from the Commissaries to the South Sea Company Seville, December yT, 1732.

Copy of a Letter from the Commissaries to the Duke of Neucastle, Seville, December {4, 1732 inclosing,

Copy of a Spanish Paper relating to the Cutting of Logwood, and Translation.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to the Commissaries, January 10, 1734; inclosing,

Copy of his Majesty s Ratification of the Convention for continuing the Commissaries Commission for Three Years, January 5, 1734.

Copy ot a Letter from the Commissaries to the Duke of Newcastle, Seville, January yY, 1734.

Copy of a Letter from the Commissaries to the Duke of Newcastle, Seville., February JT, 1774; inclosing.

Copy of a Paper relating to the Privileges of the English Consuls, N° I. and Translation:

Copy of a Spanish Paper relating to the Consuls,

N* II. and Translation:

Copy of the British Commissaries Paper relating to the Consuls, V III. and Translation:

Copy of a Spanish Paper relating to the Consuls, N*

IV. and Translation.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to the Commissaries, March 2, 1734.

Copy of a Letter from the Commissaries to the Duke of Newcastle, Seville, March 4T, 17341 inclosing,

Copy of the British Commissaries Paper, relating to the Cutting of Logzvood, and the Possessions iit America, N* I. and Translation:

Copy of the British Commissaries Paper relating to Intestates, N* II. and Translation.

Copy

1735-

St. Mawes Writ.

M«c Donnel’s forfeited Estateg.

Spanish Depredations on Britishi Trade.

13* — 140 — *15

Mali.

Copy of a Letter from the Commissaries to the Duke

of Newcastle, Seville, April 1733.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene and Mr. Stcrt to the Duke of Newcastle, Seville, May Vt> 1733-

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Nciccastle to Mr. Keene, February 24, 173-f; inclosing.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Monfleur de Monlijo, February 18, 173^, and Translation.

Ext raft of a I.etter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, Madrid, March 1 73-f.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be pern fed by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, i 4.0 die j

Anno 8° Georgii IIai Regis, 1735.

Prayers.

/JRDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his SiVar* rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Mazves, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Richard Plumer Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr. Eurj'onghs:

Mr, Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Hannah Mac Donnel, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland; and for enabling Randal Mac Doniiel Esquire to fell, or incumber, the Estate therein mentioned, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be gracioufty pleased to give Directions to the proper Officer or Officers, to prepare Copies, in order to be laid before this House the next Session of Parliament, of the several Represen tatio ns. Memorials, or Petitions, made to his late or present Majesty, or to the principal Secretaries of State, Commissioners for executing the Officje of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, since the Twenty-fist^ Day of March 1725, which have not already been laid before this House, relating to any Losses sustained by lps Majesty’s Subjects, by Depredations committed by the Spaniards, in Europe or America; together with all Copies or Extfafts of any Letters from any of the British t Governors in America, Confute in Europe, or any Commanders in Chief, or Captains of his Majestyte Ships of War, to the Secretaries of State, Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain} or Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, which have not already been laid before this House; and also. Copies or Extracts of all Letters written, and Instructions given, by the Secretaries of State, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, to any of the Governors of iXie British Plantations, or any Commanders in Chief, or Captains of his Majesty’s Ships of War, which have riot already been laid before this House, relating to the said Losses sustained by the said Depredations.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till To-mbrrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 15* die Mali J

Anno 8* Georgii IIdI Regis, 1735.

Prayers.

SjRDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his 'Vfar* rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, in the room of Richard Potenger Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of his Majesty’s Justices of the Counties of Chester and Flinty and of Denbigh and Montgbmery.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Iiorsham, in the County of Sussex, in the room of th,e honourable Henry Ingram Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath ac-j cepted the Office of Commissary of his Majesty’s Stores and Provisions in the Island of Minorca.

<:l

Reading

Writ.

Ilorfhara

Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wewkef the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for elect- "f;u

ing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of JVendover, in the County of Bucks, in the room of John Hampden Esquire; who since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Commissary of his Majesty’s Stores of War and Provisions for his Majesty’s Forces at the Garrison at Gibraltar.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr. Thurston:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have Agreed to the Bill, intltirled, An Act ImPrifoi}* to Explain and arrtertd an Act, passed In the Second Year of, the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for the Relief of Debtors, with reffpeft to *the Imprisohment of their Perfotis, with One Atrietidment:

To which Amendment the Lords ddlre the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take die Arhendrricnt,’made by the Loftls, to the Paid Bill, into Codlicleftftion.

And the said Amendment was read; And is as follows; viz.

Press 3. L. 8. After " ever," infeft Ctattfe A; Which is as follows; viz. \

A: " And be it further Enacted and Declared, by’the <c Authority aforesaid, That, by virtue of tfce ftftd'Clause " in the said first-recited Act contained, Atld "h£rbby te made perpetual, rtiuriial Debts hfay be set rigainlt " each other, either by being pleaded rli Bar, Or ^iVen c< in Evidence, on the GerteralifluC, in the'manner €t therein mentioned, notwithstanding that fhchi'lAbts " are’deemed, in Law, to be of ^different Nature; tc unless in Cafes where either rif the ifttld Debts shall cc accrue, by reason Of ri Penalty Contained ill Any " Bond or Specialty; and in all Cases Where either the cc Debt for which, the Action hath been, or shall be,

" brought, or the Debt intended to be set against the " same hath accrued, or shall accrue, by reafou of any " such Penalty, the Debt intended to be set off shall " be pleaded in Bar; in which Plea shall be flrewn " how much is truly and justly due on either Side;

V £nd in case the Plaintiff shall recover, in any such iC Action or §11 it, Judgment shall be1 entered for 110 " more than shall appear to be truly and jxiitly due to " the Plaintiff, after one Debt being let again (I the " other, as aforesaid.";

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir John Barnard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

17 Mr.

8 Geo. II. 15* Mali 49 j

Anf*r to Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Addfcfc. Addrefe of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be gra-cioully plealed to give Dire ctions to the proper Officer or Officers, to prepare Copies, in order to be laid bdore this House the next Session of Parliament, of the several Representations, Memorials, or Petitions, made to his late or present Majesty, or to the Principal Secretaries of State, Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or Commissioners for Trade anil Plantations, (ince the Twenty-fifth Day of March I72.>, which have not already been laid before this 1 ionic, relating to any Losses sustained by his Majesty s Subjects, by Depredations committed by the Spaniards9 in Europe or America; toother with all Copies or Extracts of any Letters, from any of the British Governors in America, Consuls in Europe, or any Commanders in Chief, or Captains of his Majesty's Ships of War, to the Secretaries of State, Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, which have not already been laid before this House; and also. Copies or F.xtrnfts of all Letters written, and Inftmftions given, by the Secretaries of State, or Commissioners for executing the Ofifoe of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, to any of the Governor* of the British Plantations, or any Commanders in Chief, or Captains of his Majesty s Ships of War, which Imve not already been laid before this lfoufe, relating to the said forties sustained l>y the said Depredations; had been presentrd to his Majesty; and that his M i jesty had commanded him to acr|iiuint this House, That his Majesty will give the proper Orders thereupon.

A Mefliige from his Majesty by Sir Charles Dalton, Gentleman Cfher of the Pluck Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

R«n*al A (Tent Tin* King commands this honourable House to attend

to Bills. jjs jjaiefty, inrm di itcly, in the House of Peers.

Accord ing! v Mr. Sj weaker, with the House, went up to attend ins Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty w. pleat! d to give the Koval A Dent to the several publick and private Pills following; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, lor the Service of the Year One Uioufand Seven hundred and Thirty-live:

An Act for enabling his Majesty to apply the Sum of One Million, out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-live:

An Act for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon Ked and White Herrings, for the further Term of Four Years; and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices:

An Act for the Application of the Kents and Profits of the Eliates forfeited by the Attainders of James lute Laid of Dcnccn(water, and Charles liadclife:

An Act to continue several Laws, therein mentioned, for the better Regulation und Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service; for the Regulating of Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet; for preventing Frauds in the Customs; and to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods; and for making Copper Ore, of the British Plantations, an enumerated Commodity.

An Act to continue an Act, passed in the Third Year of his present Majesty s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty s Province of in America, directly to any Part of

EurojWy Southward of Cape Einistcrre, in Ships built in, and Mooting to, Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; and to extend that Liberty to his Majesty g Province of Georgia, in America:

An Act to continue some Laws, therein mentioned, minting to the Encouragement of the Making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain; and for Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom:

An Act for regulating the Quartering of Soldiers Vo L.

during the time of the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament:

An Act to indemnify Persons who have on^tted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose:

An Act to indemnify Protestant Purchasers of Estatee of Papists, against the Penalties or Forfeitures Papilts are liable to, for not having inrolled their Estates, in pursuance of an Act, of the Third Year of King George the First, for that Purpose:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Debtors, with respect t$ the Imprisonment of their Persons:

An Act for the Amendment of the Law relating to Actions on the Statute of Hue and Cry:

An Act for rendering the Laws more effectual for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down, or destroy, Turnpikes, for repairing Highways, or Locks, or other Works, erected by Act of Parliament, for making Rivers navigable; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for continuing, and making more effectual, an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways through the several Pantiles of St. Michael, St. Alban, St. Beter, Shendley Bulge, and South Mims, in the Counties of HertfurdvxxA Middlesex; and for continuing the Commissioners authorized to put the said Act in Execution:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, pulled in the Seventh Year of the Reign of hi* late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from St. CJr<Vs Pound to Kiibouni Bridge, in the County of MidiUtfer. and for paving that Part of the Road calk'd Oxford- street .*

An Act for icpuiring and widening the Road from the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lan~ caster, leading over a certain craggy Mountain called Blackstone Edge, in the same County, and from thence to the Towns of Halifax and Ealand, in the County of York:

An Act to explain, and make more effectual, the several Acts made and passed for repairing the Highways leading to Jlighgate Gatehouse, and Hampstead, in the County of Middle lex, so far as the same relate to the Statute-work to be done upon the said Highways, or Compositions to be made in lieu of the feme:

An Act for the publick Kegiftcring of all Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, und other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may allcft, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the North Riding of the C ounty of York, after the Nine-and-t wenticth Day of September One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-six:

An Act for lengtliening the West Pier of the Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York; and for improving the said Harbour:

An Act for the Encouragement of the Arts of Designing, Engraving, and Etching, Iliftorieal, and other Prints, by veiling the Property thereof in the Inventors and Engravers, during the lime therein mentioned:

An Act for prolonging the Time for claiming the fortunate Tickets in the Charitablo Corporation Lottery; and for making Provssion for Tickets, in the k^id Lottery, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed:

An Act for the betfor regulating the nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the Two Parishes of St. James, and St. George, Hanover Square, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster:

An Act to enable William Mackenzie, late Earl of See forth, to l'ue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding lits Attainder; alK] remove any Disability in him, by reafopiof his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or, pprfonal Estate that mayor shall hereafter descend or come to him:

6 K An

494 15° Mail. - A. 1735*

Royal Assent An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of St. Leonard, to Bills. Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex:

An <Act to enable the present and future Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Houses in Lincoln s-ivn-fields, iii the County of Middlesex, to make a Rate on themselves, for raising Money sufficient to inclose, clean, and adorn, the said Fields:

An Act for exchanging Lands between the Earl of Peterborough, and the Provost and Scholars of Queens College in Oxford:

An Act for Sale of the Estate of Henry late Lord Carleton, in the County of Oxon, and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of another Estate, in or near the County of Wilts, to be icttled to the like Uses:

An Act to enable Hugh Hume Campbell, commonly called Lord Polzvarth, to fell Lands, in Essex, settled by his Marriage Articles, and, with the Money, arising thereby, to purchase other Lands, of like Value, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act to enable Sir Charles Gilmour Baronet, to fell Part of the Lands and Baronies of Craigmillar and Nether Libberton, for Payment of Debts with which the said Estate hands charged and incumbered:

An Act for vesting an undivided Moiety of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Oxon and Kent, the Estate of Elizabeth Dyke, an Infant, in Edxcard Dyke Esquire, and his Heirs, in Exchange for his undivided Moiety of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Somerset and Devon:

An Act for confirming and establishing a Partition of the Estate of Henry Appleton Esquire, dccealed, made pursuant to a Decree of the Court of Chancery:

An Act for the better Execution of the lait Will and Testament of Richard Cant it Ion Esquire, deceased; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting the Estates of William Forester Esquire, and Brook Forester his Son and Heir apparent, in the County of Salop, in Trustees, to settle the fame, pursuant to an Agreement, previous to the Marriage of the said Brook Forester, with Elizabeth his Wife, notwithstanding the Minority of the said Brook Forester:

An Act for discharging Part of the Estate of Robert Edgar Esquire, in the County of Cambridge, from the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, he having settled an Estate, in the County of Suffolk, of greater Value, to the same Uses:

An Act for vesting Part of the real Estate, late of James Tregeare Esquire, deceased, in Margery his Widow and Relict, in Part of her Dower, and for Sale of the rest of the said Estate, for Payment of the Debts of the said James Tregeare, and for laying out the Surplus-money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to the Use of Honour his Daughter, and her Heirs:

An Act for inclosing the Common Fields, Common 'Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Humibtgham, alias Honingham, in the County of Wam'ick:

An Act for appointing Commissioners to make a Division of certain Commons and Waste Lands lying within the Manor and Parish of Chedleton, in the County of Stafford, among the Proprietors, in order to inclose

the same:

An Act to enable William Toller, now called William Toller Treffry, Gentleman, and his Ifltie Male, to take and use the Surname of Treffry only, pursuant to the , Deed of Settlement of John Treffry Esquire, deceased. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Hannah Mac Donnel, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland; and for enabling Randal Mac Donnel Esquire, to fell or incumber the Estate therein mentioned:

An Act for naturalizing Anna Elizabeth Broughton, Jojias Cot tin, John Chevalier, and John Treber:

An Act to naturalize Stephen Mathew, ArnoldRofen-hagen, and Jane Elizabeth du Bouchet.

After which his Majesty was pleated to make a most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I am glad the Business of this Session of Parliament The King1* is brought to such a Conclusion, That I have now an Speech. Opportunity of giving you same Reeels, after the great Pains you have tAkcn in the Service of your Country:

On this Occasion I must in Justice return you my Thanks for the many Instances you have given me of your Duty and Afteftion to my Person and Government, and for the necessary Provisions you have made for the publick Security, as far as the immediate Circumstances of Affairs might require.

I have considered, with great Care and Attention, the present Situation of Europe, and duly weighed the Consequences that may arise from the Progress of the War, either by means of its becoming more general, or continuing only to be carried on between the Powers already engaged.

An Accommodation of these unhappy Troubles appeared to be the best means to prevent the Dangers that are to be apprehended on either Side: In this View, a Plan of Pacification was concerted between me and the States General, with great Impartiality, and not without reasonable Grounds to hope for Succels, although it hath not had the deli red Effect.

But all further Resolutions, to be taken in this important and critical Conjuncture, must be principally determined by future Events: This makes it inpoffible for me at present to take the previous Advice and Concurrence of my Parliament, in such Meal:ires as may become ubfolutely necessary to be entered into: But you may be allured, that my constant Concern for the Publick Welfare, the Liberties of Europe, and, in particular, for the Felicity and Security of these Kingdoms will never suffer me to take any Steps, but such as the Honour and Interest of my Crown and People shall call for and justify; and, in the Pursuit of these great and desirable Ends, I do, with the best grounded Conlidence, promish myself your zealous and affectionate Support

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I return you my hearty Thanks for the Supplies you have, with so much Chearfulness and Dispatch, granted for the Service of the current Year; which have been so effectually raised, and accompanied with so feasonable an Augmentation of our Forces by Sea and Land, That I shall be in a Condition to make use of them in the most advantageous manner for the publick Service, as any Occasion, that may happen to arise, shall require.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The Conduct and Prudence of this Parliament, in at time osso great Difficulty, cannot be enough commended; the Polture of Affairs before us required all possible Resolution, joined with Caution, neither to be unwarily involved in the present Disturbances, nor to remain unprovided against those Dangers, which are too obvious to standingneed of any Explanation, and may either directly or remotely affect us.

As I think it necessary this Summer to visit my Dominions in Germany, it is my Intention to appoint the Queen Regent here, during my Absence, of whole just and prudent Administration you have, on the like Occa-lion, had Experience: Let me earnestly recommend it to you to render the Burden of this weighty Trust as easy to her as possible, by making it your constant Study and Endeavour, as I am fore it is your Inclination, to pveferve the Peace of the Kingdom, and to discountenance and suppress all Attempts to raise groundless Discontents in the Minds of my People, whole Happiness hath always been, and shall continue, my daily and uninterrupted Care.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by his Majesty’s Command, said,

My

pGEo.II. 15 °Maii. — t i°Junii. — 3 \°Julii — 140 03. — -110 Nov.

Pirli«DCnl My I-or(k an(^ Gentlemen, Day of June next to be then here held: And this Parlia-

prprogwi. It is his Majestys Koval Will and Pleasure, That niLiit is accordingly prorogued to Thursday the Twelfth this Parliament be prorogued to Thursday the Twelfth Day of June next

Jovts, I 2° die Juxii;

Anno 9* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1733.

Ptrliamnit t f MI E IIoulc being met, according to the last Pro-further rogation;

prar*p . Mdliigc was brought from the ] onls, by Sir

William Sandcrfm, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the black Rod:

Mr. S|>caker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's

Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the iloufe of Peers, to hear the Commission read:

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the IIoulc, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read for the further proroguing the Parliament, until Thursdafj the Onc-And-thirtieth Day of July next.

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the One-and-thirtictli Day ot July next.

Joz'isy 310 Julii;

Anno D* Georgii II. Ilcgis, 1735.

Parliament I 'IIF. House being met, according to the I aft Pro-wthw X rogation;

Pf0"*°*d- A MetV u*r was brought from the Ijords, by Sir William Sanacr son, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Mujtfiv's

Mart is, 140 die OElobris;

Anno 9# Georgii IIJi Regis, 1735.

Parliament f I HIE House being met, according to the last Pro-further A rogation; prorogued. \ Message was brought from fhc Lords, by Mr. Turner, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majestys

Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read:

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: NY here the Commission was read for the further proroguing the Parliament until Tuesday the Fourteenth Day of October next.

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the Fourteenth Day of October next

Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read:

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the IIoulc, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read for tl»c further proroguing the Parliament until Tuesday the Eleventh Day of November next

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the Eleventh Day of November next.

Mart is ii°;

Anno 9* Georgii ID* Regis, 1735.

Parliament HP HE House being met, according to the last Pro-further A rogation; prorogued. A Mcfidge was brought from the Ijords, by Sir William Sanderson, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Hod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majestys

Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read:

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read for the further proroguing the Parliament until Thursday the Fifteenth Day of January next.

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the Fifteenth Day of January next.

Proclamation for Meeting of Parliament

By the KI N G,

A PROCLAMATION.

GEORGE R.

WHEREAS our Parliament stands prorogued to Tuesday the Eleventh Day of this instant November, V*?, with the Advice of our Privy Council, do hereby publish and declare, That the said Parliament shall be further prorogued, on the said Eleventh Day of November, to Thursday the Fifteenth Day of January next ensuing: And we have given Order to our Chancellor of Great Britain to prepare a Commission for proroguing the same accordingly: And we do hereby further declare our Royal Vo l. 22.

Will and Pleasure, That the said Parliament shall, on the said Fiiteenth Day of January next, he held, and fit, for the Dispatch of divers weighty and important Affairs; And the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, of the House of Commons, are hereby required to give their Attendance accordingly, at Westminster, on the said Fifteenth Day of January next.

Given at our Court at St. James s, the Sixth Day of November, in the Ninth Year of our Reign.

GOD save the King.

4$6 i z°Januarii. 7 ' 173 5

Jovi$> 15* Januarii;

Anno 90 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1735.

Message to A MESS A-G E from his Majesty, by Sir Charles attend the jLX Dalton, Gentleman Ullier of the Black Rod;

King.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty:

And, being returned,

Members Several Members took the Oaths, and made and fub-take Oaths, feribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, pursuant to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Clandestine A Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawries. Outlawries, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The King’s Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended Speech re- his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty ported. %vas please(j to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of which Mr. Speaker laid he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy: Which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The happy Turn which the Affairs of Europe have evidently taken, fmee the End of the last Session of Parliament, must, I am persuaded, give you all, as it does me, the greatest Satisfaction.

I acquainted you then, That a Plan of Pacification, concerted between me and the States General of the United Provinces, had been proposed to the Parties engaged in the War, which had not the Effect to prevent the Opening of the Campaign: The Armies took the Field, and the War was carried on, in some Parts, in such a manner as to give very just Apprehensions, that it would unavoidably become general, from an absolute Necessity of preserving that Balance of Power, on which the Safety and Commerce of the maritime Powers so much depend.

This Consideration determined me to persevere, jointly with the States, in repeating our most earneit Instances to the contending Parties to agree to an Armistice, and to enter into a Negotiation for obtaining a general Peace, upon the Basis of the Plan we had proposed to them.

Whilst Affairs continued in this State of Deliberation, the Heat and Fury of the War abated; and the Emperor,

and the most Chrifrian King, in canfequenoe of their repeated Professions of afmoere Disposition to put an End to the War by an honourable and lblid Peace, concerted and agreed upon certain preliminary Articles to answer that most desirable End: An Armistice is since agreed to by all the Parties engaged in die War; and the contracting Powers, in regard to the good Offices employed by me and the States, have communicated to us, by their respective Ministers, the Preliminaries, desiring our Concurrence for effectuating a general Pacification upon the Terms thereby itipulated.

It appearing, upon due Examination, That these Articles do not effectially vary from the Plan proposed by me and the Slates, nor contain any thing prejudicial to the Equilibre of Europe, or to the Rights and Interests of our respective Subjects, we have thought fit, in pursuance of our constant Purpose to contribute our utmost towards a general Pacification, to declare, by a joint Resolution, to the Courts of Vieua and France, our Approbation of the said Preliminaries, and our Reudlnefe to concur inaTreaty to be made for bringing them to Perfection.

These Preliminaries have been like wile communicated to the Kings of Spain, and of Sardinia; and, although those Princes have not as yet, in Form, declared their final Refutations upon them, there is great Reason to believe, that the Love of Peace, their avowed Dispositions for putting an End to the Troubles of Europe, and the amicable 15

Interposition of common Friends, will prevail upon then! to agree to what has been thus concerted, upon reasonable Security given them for die peaceable Possession and Enjoyment of the Countries allotted to them.

In these Circumstances my first Care was to ease the Burdens of my People, as loon, and as far, as Prudence, in the present Posture of Affairs, would permit: I have therefore ordered a considerable Reduction to be made of my Forces both by Sea and Land; and, if the Influence of the Crown of Great Britain, and the Respect due to this Nation, have had any Share in com poling the preterit Troubles in Europe, or preventing new ones, I am persuaded you wiH be of Opinion*, that it will be necessary to continue some extraordinary Expence, until there be a more perfect Reconciliation among the several Powers of Europe.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have ordered the proper Officers to lay before you the Estimates for the Service of the current Year; and I make no Doubt, but my Delire to make the Charge of the Public as low as possible, will find in you the same Rea-dinels to grant the necessary Supplies with Chearfulness and Unanimity.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I am willing to hope this pleasing Prospect of Peace Abroad will greatly contribute to Peace and good Harmony at Home. Let that Example of Temper and Moderation, which has so happily calmed the Spirits of contending Princes, banilli from among you all intestine Discord and Diffcnlion. Those, who truly with the Peace and Prosperity of their Country, can never have a more favourable Opportunity, than now offers, of distinguiiliing themselves, by declaring their Satisfaction in the Progress already made towards restoring the public Tranquillity, and in promoting what is still necessary to bring it to Perfection.

llefolved, That an humble Address be presented to A (Href* oh his Majesty, to return iris Majesty the Thanks of this \lie King’s House for his most gracious Speech from the Throne; to sPeeciu express our most grateful Sente of his Majesty’s continued Labour and Endeavours to restore the public Tranquillity, and his particular Care therein to avoid involving this Nation unnecessarily in the endlets and fatal Consequences of a general War; to congratulate with his Majesty upon the happy Turn, which the Affairs of Europe have taken, by their Imperial and most Christiaa Ala* jesties having agreed to preliminary Articles for a geneial Pacification, and iqxon the great Probability there appears to be, of their being accepted, and agreed to, by all the Powers engaged in the War; and to declare, from the Assurances which his Majesty has been gracioufty pleased to give us, that these Preliminaries do not often daily vary from the Plan of Pacification concerted and proposed by his Majesty and the States General, from a just Confidence in his Majesty s Good ness, and the Experience we have had of his constant and paternal Care of the true Interests of his People, through the whole Course of tins great and intricate Work, and from. Ins Majesty s having declared, in Conjunction with the States, his Approbation of the said Preliminaries, as proper Conditions of a general Pacification, that we can make no Doubt but they are such as will give a general Satisfaction; to return his Majesty our most dwtifol Thanks for his early Care in eating the Burdens of his People, imd reducing a considerable Number of his Forces both by Sea and Land; and to assure his Majesty, that wc will, "with great Chearfulness, raile the necessary Supplies: And* to testity the Gratitude with which our Hearts are filled, from a just Sente erf the Blefliogs we at present enjoy, and bouiThc Pnrfpeet of future Happiness, that we will suppert his Majesty in such Meafores asthall be found reasonable and necessary to reader this great and ddimble Work perfect and lasting.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to his Majesty, upon the fiki Reiblution:

And it is referred to Air Fox. Mr. Jlcuibun} JEiliiaius,

Mr.

p Geo. II. 150 — 16

Mr. Ihn. Fox. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. // inning ton, Mr. Walpole, Mr. A/he, Sir Robert Browne, Sir Charles H ager, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Thompfun, Lord Middkftx, Lord Tyrctmnrf, Mr. Frankland\ Mr. Fane, Colonel Mordaunt% Colonel Chohnondcley, Mr. Scropc, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Linafay, Mr. Fornsler, Mr. Arundcll, Mr. Byng, Mr. Eylcs, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Richard Plumer, Mr. // m. Plumer, Mr. Archer, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Dodington, Mr. 1 Talker, Mr. WoUafion, Mr. Whituvrth, Mr. liifwe, Mr. Corbet, Colonel Bladen, or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Yarmouth Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to >Vrit the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for elcQing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Yarnwath, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Paul Burrard El’quire, deceased.

Devon Writ Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for clcfting a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Devon, in the room of Sir William Courtenay Baronet, deceased.

Scarborough Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough ot Scarborough, in the County of York, in the room of tire Right honourable Sir William Strickland Baronet, deceased.

Dr. Ayf- Ordered', That the Reverend Dr. Ayfeough be desired

ctmghiD to preach before this House, at St. Margaret's Westminstertachoa sler, upon Friday the 30th Day of this instant January: t3. And that Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. William Pitt, and Sir Thomas Lyttelton, do acquaint him therew ith.

And then the House adjourned till To-inorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 16° die yanuarii;

Anno 90 Georgii II*1 Regis, 1735.

Prayers.

Graad f\RD ERE D, That the G rand Committee for Religion Committee*. " do fit every Tttefday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Committee Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections of Privilege!. appointed of Mr. Earle, Lord Gage, Mr. Fane, Mr.

Ashe, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Lord John Murray, Mr. Howe, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Byng, Mr. Piers, Mr. Henley, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Le-heup, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Trefujis, Mr. Foley, Lord Pol-xvarth, Mr. Compton, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Kent, Mr. Bird, Mr. Kinaston, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Winnington, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Canrmchael, Mr. Rutherford, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Gildart, Sir Wm. Gage, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Lawton, Mr. Mount agu, Sir Miles Stapylton, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Hay, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Lindsay, Sir Orlando Bridgman, Mr. Fox, Mr. Le/ly, Mr. RobinJ'on, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Brodie, Mr. Secretary at War, Sir Geo. Wynne, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Jof. Pennington, Sir

Voju 22.

5 Januarii. ^97

Robert Monroe, Mr. Owen, Mr. Brjffey, Sir John Cope,

Sir Christopher Powell, Mr. Bethurst, Mr. Walpole, Mr.

Bijfe, Mr. Par fans, Mr. Hanmer, Mr. Beaghan, Mr.

Price, Mr. ThompJ'on, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Harvey, Mr. For-tefeue, Mr. Abercrombie, Sir George Don ning, Mr. Gregory, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Watkyn Wms. Wynne, Sir Edward Dering, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Stert, Sir John AJlley, Mr. Kynafon, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Crawle, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Corntwall, Mr. Onglcy, Mr. Lewis, Mr.

Archer, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Richard Plumer, Mr. Gybbon, Sir George Cafwall, Sir Hunt. Haworth, Mr. York, Colonel Sincyn, Sir James Grant,

Sir Jeremy Sambroke, Lord A oelSomerset, Sir John Rush-out, Mr. Cormcallis, Mr. Holland, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Rawlinfvn Earle, Lord Sitndon, Mr.

Cojler, Mr. Harley, Mr. Walker, Lord Fere Beauclerk,

Lord Middlesex, Sir Wm. Lout her, Mr. Lyttelton, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Clutterbuck, Sir John St. Aubin, Lord John SacboUU: And they are to meet upon Monday Sevennight at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber; and to fit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon; and all that come are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon Double Returns in the First Place; and to report their Proceedings, will) their Opinions thereupon, to the House, from time to time; and all Persons that will question any Returns, are to do it within Fourteen Days next, and lb within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in; and the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information; and all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Election, by Monday Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve, provided there he no Question upon the Return for that Place; and, if any thing shall come in Question, touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the time the Matter is in Debate; and that all Members, returned upon Double Returns, do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right urual to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve Ordera. in Parliament.

Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Petition, touching Elections, to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, That any Person hath procured himself to be eletted or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured lb to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House w ill proceed, with the utmost Severity, against such Person.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, That any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanour, and this House will proceed, with the utmost Severity, against such Offender.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, That any Person hath given false Evidence, in any Case, before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed, with the utmost Severity, against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is an high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers that he shall see or be informed of

6 L to

Usual

Orders.

498 16° Januarii. A. 1735.

to be, in the House or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, lb taken into Custody, he discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not prelume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care to clear the Speakers Chamber every Day before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and JVejhninster, do take care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning to One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during this Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple-bar and Westminster-hall shall be kept free and open, and that no Obstruction be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in West-mitifter-hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff’ of Westmiujler; and that he do fee the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footmen be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care, that there be no Gaining, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to dilobey the Orders of the Iloule; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody, but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the Intercepting, or Losing, of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post-Ollice to this House, or feme other Person to be appointed by the Poftnvafter General, do, for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Simdays excepted, constantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours, at the least, immediately after the Riling of the House, and also on every Friday, Monday, and Wednesday, from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that 110 Letter be delivered, but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Poftr mailer General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Pacquet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame, and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, Votes to be being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do ap- printed, point the Printing thereof; and that no other Person, but such as lie shall appoint, do prelbme to print the fame.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petition for Private private Bills after the Second Day of March next.

Ordered, That t he Counsel at the Bar of this House, Evidence on or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, be Legality ot reftrakied from offering Evidence, touching the Legality Votes-of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination in the House of Commons; which Determination, by an Act, passed in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An A6fc for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, is made final to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Ordered, That the said Order be a Standing Order of the House.

A Petition of James Cornewall Esquire was presented Weobiy to the House, and read; letting forth, That, at the late IMioa. Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Weobly, Sir John Buckworth Baronet, Mr. Serjeant Birch, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; when the said Mr. Birch, by Bribery and Corruption, and other indirect and illegal Practices, procured himself to be returned, to the Detriment of the Petitioner, who had the Majority upon the Poll of fair and legal Votes: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Savile Cuji Esquire was presented to the Stamford House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, and William Noel and John Proby Esquires, stood Candidates at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in the present Parliament for the Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln: That, at the said Election, several Persons were admitted to poll for the said Mr. Proby, who had no Right so to do, and the Votes of many Persons, who had a Right to vote, and offered to poll for the Petitioner, were arbitrarily refused by Robert Henson, Mayor of the said Borough, and Returning Officer of the Burgesses then to be eletted to represent the said Borough in this present Parliament; by which undue Means, and by other the great Partiality and unwarrantable Proceedings of the said Robert Henson, and of Thomas Iinrjl, the former Mayor of the said Borough last preceding the said Robert Hen-Jon, and of several of the Aldermen thereof, and by divers corrupt and illegal Practices made use of by the said Mr.

Proby, and his Agents and Friends, the said Mr. Proby is returned as One of the Burgesses elected for the said Borough, with the said Mr. Noel; to the great Prejudice of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and therefore ought to have been returned accordingly, instead of the said Mr.

Proby: And praying the House to take the Petitioners same into Consideration, and to give him such Relief as to the House thall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and repOTt the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Sir John Glynne Baronet, was presented to Flint

fee Election,

9 Geo. II. 16° Januarii.

499

the House, and read 7 setting forth, That on the Sixth Day of May \ 734, came on the Election for a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Flint, in the County of Flint, at which the Petitioner, and Sir George Wynne Baronet, stood Candidates: That William Owen and John Roberts, the Two Bailiffs of the said Borough, who were Returning Officers of the fame, being gained into the Interest of the said Sir George . Wynne, did proceed in taking the Poll with the utmost Partiality against the Petitioner, rejecting several legal Votes duly tendered for him, and admitting several for the said Sir George Wynne, who had no Foundation of Right: That, for the better effecting their unjust Purposes, the said Bailiffs did carrry on the said Poll in a most dilatory and vexatious manner, never before practised, protracting the same for Ten Days, and imposing an Oath upon almost every Voter, concerning his Right and Qualifications, before he was admitted to poll; which the Petitioner conceives to be illegal and arbitrary: That, notwithstanding all the said Endeavours to procure a Majority for Sir George Wynne, it appeared, upon casting up the Poll, so taken by the Bailiffs, that there was a Majority of Twelve Votes for the Petitioner, as the Numbers were declared, and published, and often repeated, by the said Bailiffs themselves, in open Court; yet, without proceeding to any Scrutiny, and without any Pretence shewn for disqualifying, or setting aside, any one of the Votes given for the Petitioner, and entered upon the said Poll, the said Bailiffs have prelumed, and taken upon themselves, in an unprecedented manner, to make a Return of the said Sir George Wynne; in manifest Wrong to the Petitioner, in Violation of the Rights of the Electors of the said Borough, settled and declared by a Relo-lution of the last House of Commons, and in open Defiance of the many good Laws made to prevent falle Returns of Members to serve in Parliament: And praying the House to take this his singular same into Consuler-ation; and to give him such Relief therein as to the House shall lbem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House upon Thursday the Fourth Day of March next.

Clackman- A Petition of Sir John Schart', of Grenock, Baronet,

Ban ElectioiW was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Thirtieth Day of May 1734 being appointed for the Election of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Clackmannan, Alexander Abercrombie, of Tullybody, Esquire, was duly elected Prcejes, and Mr. Neil AFViccar was, in like manner, duly chosen Clerk, to the said Meeting: That the Petitioner was then duly elected, by the Majority of the Freeholders present, to be Commissioner for the said Shire; and the said Mr. Neil AFViccar, the Clerk, w ho is the proper Returning Officer, did immediately, agreeable to Law', after the said Election, tender a Return of the Petitioners Name to the honourable Colonel William Dalrymple, hereditary Sheriff’of the said Shire, and required him to receive such Return, and annex it to the Writ, and return the fame; but the said William Dalrymple, in manifest Violation of the Right of Elections, hath taken upon himself, by Indenture betwixt him and one Robert Rollo, who had no Colour of Right to join in such Indenture, to return the honourable James Ereffcine, of Grange, Esquire, to be Commissioner for the said Shire: That neither the said James Erejkine, nor the Persons who, it is pretended, voted for him, had any Right to vote in the Election for a Commissioner for the said Shire: That, as well before as at the Election, many undue and illegal Practices w ere made use of, by, for, and in favour of, the said James Erejkine, in order to procure him to be elected, and returned, to serve in Parliament for the said Shire; and though he was not duly chosen, yet he hath been returned, by a Person who had no Right to make such Return; whereas the Petitioner was duly elected; and, as the proper Officer tendered a Return of the Petitioner to the Sheriff^ the Petitioner ought to have been returned accordingly: Vox. 22.

And praying the House to take the Premises into Costfi-deration; and to direct the said Return to be amended in favour of the Petitioner; or to give the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of Mr. Neil AFViccar, Clerk to the Free- Clackman-holders of the Shire of Clackmannan, in North Britain, at naQ E!e^ion* the last Election of a Member to lerve in Parliament for the said Shire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That he w^as duly elected Clerk, by the Majority of Freeholders of the said Shire, who were duly inrolled; and that he acted as such, and certified to the honourable William Dalrymple, hereditary Sheriff of the said Shire, That Sir John Sc haw, of Grenock, Baronet, was duly elected Commissioner; who refused to return the said Sir John Schazv, and returned the honourable James Erejkine Esquire, certified to be elected by Mr.

Robert Rollo, who was not Clerk to the Meeting of the said Freeholders, nor had any Right to join in an Indenture for returning the said James Erejkine: And therefore praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Parker Esquire was presented to Stafford the House, and read; setting forth, That Thomas Foley, Election. William Chetwynd, John Dolphin, Esquires, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Stafford, in the County of Stafford: That several Persons who had a good Right, and were intitled to be sworn Burgesses of the said Borough, were arbitrarily refused to be so sworn, though they duly demanded it: That Clirijlopher Ward Esquire, the then Mayor of the said Borough, both before and at the time of the said Election, acted arbitrarily, partially, and illegally, in the Execution of his said Office, and admitted a great Number of Persons to poll, at the said Election, for the said William Chetwynd, who had no Right to vote, and refused the Votes of many others, w ho had a good and legal Right to poll, and offered to give their Votes for the Petitioner; and that many other corrupt, indirect, and illegal Practices were made use of, by, for, and on the Behalf of, the said William Chetwynd, in order to procure him to be eleCled and returned/ a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough; and that, by such Practices, the said Win.

Chetwynd procured himself to be returned a Burgess for the said Borough; to the manifest Wrong and Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected by a Majority of good and legal Votes, and ought to have been returned a Burgess for the said Borough, in this present Parliament:

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give the Petitioner such Relief therein as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Rowland Winn Baronet; and also a York Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are there- Election. unto subscribed, Freeholders of the County of York, in behalf of themselves, and several Thoulkhds more, Freeholders of the same County; were severally presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the last Election of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County, Sir Miles Stapylton, the honourable Edtvard Wort ley, Cholmley Turner, Esquires, and the Petitioner Sir Rowland Winn, stood Candidates; at which Election many Thousand Freeholders of the same County did appear, and give their Votes in favour of the Petitioner Sir Rowland Winn: That, at the said Election, several Hundred of Persons did poll for Sir Alilcs Stapyl 2 ton.

York

£lfc$ioni

S&o

i6° Januarii. A. 1735.

ton, who had only long Leases of Years, or Copyhold Estates, and had no Freehold Estates; several others polled for Freeholds, which they never were in Possession of, or which lay in a different County; and others polled for Lands \yhich had never been assessed at all, or in such manner as by Law is required to in title them to vote; several others for Cottages built upon the Lord’s Waste, who had no Freehold Estates; and several others polled at the iaid Election, which were only Hospital-men, arid received Alms; others who were under Age, or had purchased their Freeholds within a Year; and several other Persons did likewise vote twice at the said Election; and others under fictitious Names, and for fictitious Freeholds: That several Pei fons, who had no legal Right to vote, were admitted for Sir Miles Stapylton; and many other indirect and bale Artifices were uled, in open Defiance of the Law s of the Land, and in Violation of the Petitioners Rights, in order to procure Sir Miles Stapylton to be declared, by the High Sheriff, to be elected Knight of the Shire for the said County: That the Petitioner Sir Rowland Winn, and the Petitioners, being fully convinced of the several notorious Abuses above-mentioned, did, in open Court, demand a Scrutiny of the said Sheriff, in order to make such base Practices appear; who did accordingly appoint a Day, and did adjourn the Court for that Purpose; at which Day the Petitioner Sir Rowland Winn, and several of the Petitioners, did attend, having, at very great Expence, and with a great deal of Trouble, collected, and then had ready, Evidence sufficient to prove the Premises; but the said Sheriff, notwithstanding his Appointment of the Scrutiny, as aforesaid, and notwithstanding many of the Petitioners were ready, in open Court, to have proved the several Matters aforesaid, did refuse to enter into the Scrutiny, or to admit any Evidence to prove the several Matters aforesaid, whereby it would have appeared, that the Petitioner Sir Rowland Winn had a greater Number of legal Votes than the said Sir Miles Stapylton, and did instantly declare Sir Miles Stapylton, and Cholmky Turner Esquire, duly elected, and hath returned them accordingly; to the Prejudice of the Majority of the Freeholders of the County of York, and of the Petitioner Sir Rowland Winn: And praying such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That ihe Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House upon Tuesday the Twenty-fourth Day of February next.

A Motion being made, and the Question proposed, That the Petitioners, in these Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of York, do, by themselves, or by their Agent or Agents, deliver, by this Day Fortnight, to the Sitting Member, whose Election is therein controverted, or to his Agent or Agents, a List or Lists of the Persons objected to who voted for the said Sitting Member; giving, in the said List or Lists, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the said Sitting Member do, by himself, or by his Agent or Agents, within the same time, deliver the like List or Lists, on his Part, to the Petitioners, their Agent or Agents;

The Journal of the House, of the 29th Day of November, in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King William the Third, in relation to the Proceedings of the House upon the Debate concerning certain Orders, then lately made by the Committee of Privileges and Elections, relating to the giving Lists of Persons excepted on either Side, in Cafes touching Elections, depending before them, was read:

And the Journal of the House, of the 18th Day of January, in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, in relation to the Proceedings of the House upon a Motion then made, That the Sitting Member for the County of Rutland should deliver in Lists of such Voters for the Petitioner as w ere intended to be objected to, and of such as the Sitting Member would insist to have added to his own Poll, as being refused to be taken, was also read.

Then an Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inferring, after the first Word " that," these Words, in all Cases of controverted Elections for " Counties in England and Walts, to be heard at the u Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections."

And the Question being put, That those words be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " in these Petitions " complaining of an undue Election and Return for the " County of York.1*

And the Question being put, That those Words stand part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out, after the Word their," these Words " Agent or."

And the Question being put, That those Words stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inferring, after the Word " Agents," and before the Word " deliver," these Words, " within a " convenient Time to be appointed either by the House, u or the Committee of Privileges and Elections, as the " Matter to be heard shall be before the House, or the " said Committee."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " by this Day Fort*

" night."

And the Question being put, That those Words stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Member, whose " Election is therein controverted," and by inferring the Word " Members" instead thereof. I

And the Question being put, That the Words " Member, whose Election is therein controverted," stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " Mem-iC bers" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out, after the Words " or to," these Words " his Agent or," and by inferring the Word " their" instead thereof;

And the Question being put, That these Words (i his " Agent or," stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " their" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out, after the Word " Agents," these Words, " a List or."

And the Question being put, That those Words stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inferring after the Word " Persons," and before the Word " objected," these Words, " intended " by the Petitioners to be."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out, after the Words <£ for the," and before the Word " Sitting," the Word, " said." And the Question being put, That that Word stand Part of the Question;

9 Geo. II.

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out, after the Word " Sitting," and before the W ord giving,'1 die Word Member," and by inserting the Word Members," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Word 14 Mem- ber " stand Part of the Question;

It polled in the Negative.

And the Question Ixdng put, That the Word Mem-4<bcra " be inserted instead thereof;

It was rclblved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out, after the W ord laid/’ and before the Word Lifts," these Words Lift, or."

And the Question being put, That those Words stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out, after the W ords that the," and before the Word Sitting," the Word said."

And the Question being put, -That that W ord stand Part of the Question;

It palfed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out, after the said Word Sitting," the Word Member," and inserting the Word 41 Mein- hers " instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Word Mem- her " stand Part of the Question;

It |tasted in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Word Mem-u hers" be inserted instead thereof;

It was rclblved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word himself," and by inserting the Word themselves " instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Word him- self" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the W ord them-u selves" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out, after the Words or by," tliefc Words, 44 his Agent or," and by infciting the Word u their " instead thereof.

Ami the Question being put, That the Words his u Agent or " stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question luring put, That the W ord their" be inserted instead thereof:

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out, alter the Word like," these Words, 44 Lift, or."

And the Question being put. That those Words stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out, after the Word 44 on," the Word his," and by inlerting die Wrord their" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word his" stand Part of the Question;

It palfed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " their" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inlerting, alter the Word " Petitioners," and before the Word *4 their" the Word 44or."

And the Question being put, That that Word be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proofed to be made to the Question, by leaving out, after the said Word their," these Words, 44 Agent or."

Vol. 22L

SOI

And the Question being put, That those Words stand Part of the Question:

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That in all Cases of controverted Elections for Counties in England and Wales, to be heard at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Petitioners do, by themselves, or by their Agents within a convenient time, to be appointed either by the House, or the Committee of Privileges and Elec* tions, as the Matter to be heard shall be before the House, or the said Committee, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the P$f titioners to be objected to, who voted lor the Sitting Members; giving, in the said lifts, the several Heads of Objection; and distinguishing the same against the Name? of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Member# do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within the fipnq time, deliver the like Lilts, on their Part, to th# P$t titioners, or their Agents.

Ordered, That the HLifts, with respect tq tftp controverted Election for the County oiYwrk, now depending before this House, be delivered by this Day Three Weeks.

Mr. Fax reported from the Committee appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be presented to his Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

Most gracious Sovereign,

Wre, your Majesty s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, return your Majesty our unfeigned Thanks, lor your most gracious Speech from the Throne.

We are truly ienlible of your Majesty’s early Endeavours to put an end to the War; and can never enough admire the Iteady Application with which you purlued that great Work, by the joint Interposition of the good Offices of your Majesty and die States General.

And it is with the warmest Gratitude we acknowledge your Majesty’s particular Care and Circumspection in all your Proceedings, not to involve this Nation unnecefllirily in the War, w hen, at the same time, your Majesty shewed you were not insensible of the imminent Danger that threatened the Liliertics of Europe, from a longer Continuance of it upon lb unequal a l oot; a Conduct wherein your Majesty plainly proved you equally consulted the immediate Interests of your People, and that Balance of Power in Europe, upon which the Safety and Commerce of this Nation lo much depend; at once lkving this Nation from all the present Calamities of War, and trying to avert the future Necessity of its being at last obliged to take its Share and Hazard in them.

We cannot but be fenlible of your Majesty s Wisdom and Impartiality in forming the Plan of Pacification, proposed by your Majesty and the States General to the Powers engaged in the War; which, although not immediately accepted by the contending Parties, nor an-ftvering the desired Effect, by preventing the Opening of the Campaign, has been so far adopted, that the most material and essential Parts of it have been agreed to by the Princes originally and principally concerned in this Rupture, and recommended by them to their Allies, as preliminary Articles to a general Pacification.

Upon this happy Turn the Affairs of Europe have taken, we most heartily congratulate with your Majesty; and when we consider the Assurances your Majesty hps been graciously pleasec! to give us, That these Preliminaries do not essentially vary from the Plan or Pacification concerted byyour Majesty and the States General, and the ready Approbation your Majesty and the States General have given of them; a just Confidence in yoyr Wisdom, and the Experience we have of your coiistant and paternal

6 M Care

15° Janu

Adress oa the King's Speech.

502 i5° — 17° — 19° yanuarii. 1735.

Care of the true Interest of your People^ through the whole Course of this great and intricate Work, leaves us not the least Room to entertain a Doubt, but that the preliminary Conditions of this Pacification, so founded, and so approved, will give general Satisfaction; in which Persuasion we are further confirmed, by the great Probability there appears to be of their being accepted and agreed to by all the Powers engaged in the War.

The early regard your Majesty has been graciously pleased tofhew to the Welfare of your People, in taking the First Opportunity, on this great and fortunate Event* to5 lighten the Burden of their Expences, by making a Rddu^tioiVof your Forces, both by Sea and Land, is such ft Mark of your same in confuting their Interest; and of your tender Concern Tor their Ease, that we should - be as ftdjuft to our own-Gratitude, as to your Majesty’s Good-fief^, if we fail to testify the one, and acknowledge the dther, in the strongest and most dutiful manner; arid as we look ripon1 this; added to dll the other Measures of your glorious and happy Reign, as a Proof that the Estimates fbi* !tb& preferitJ Year will be proportioned to the Situation of jAffiirs, and the Pur^oses to which they shall be fotirid necessar^;’ so webeg leave to assure'your Majesty-that we will chearfully and effectually raise such Supplies, as the Posture of our present happy Circumstances shall vj: ’' ' require, and sufficient to support the Dignity of the Crown,

; and the Honour and Interest of your Majesty’s Subjects and Dominions.

-Arid if such Motives could want any additional Circumstance to excite us to fulfil our Duty to your Majesty and our Country, the Reflection, on the good Effects the extraordinary Supplies granted-the last Year to your Majesty,' muff have had in contributing to bring this long-laboured Work to so happy an Issue,* joined to the Consciousnels of the Influence your; Majesty’s Councils must ever have in the Affairs of Europe, whilfit. a loyal Parliament shews itself determined to support the Resolutions of a wife and \ cautious Prince, cannot fail to operate with their due

Weight, in making us persevere in our Endeavours to give a Lustre to your Majesty’s Reign abroad, equal, if possible, to the Happiness we enjoy from it at home.

The said Address being read a Second time;

The Resolution of the House, upon which the said Committee were appointed to draw up an Address to be presented to his Majesty, w as read.

Then the said Address was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council, do humbly know his Majesty’s Pleasure, w'hen he will be attended by this House.

The King’s Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

' Speech to be ing next, take into Consideration his Majesty’s most gra-conu ere . cjous to 5oth Houses of Parliament,

Westbury A Petition of William Phipps Esquire was presented to Kleaion. the House, and read; setting forth, That the honourable James Bertie Esquire, deceased, the Petitioner, the honourable George Evans Esquire, and John Bance Esquire, flood Candidates at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of IVftbury, in the County of Wilts: That, by undue and corrupt Means, John Edwards v/as appointed the Returning Officer of the said Borough; and, at the said Election of Burgesses, several Persons were admitted to poll for the said Mr. Evcuis and Mr. Bance, w ho had no Right so, to do; and many Persons, who had a Right to vote, and offered to poll for the said Mr. Bertie and the Petitioner, were refilled; by which corrupt Means, and by the great Partiality and arbitrary Proceedings of the said John Ed-.1wards, who acted as Mayor of the said Borough, and by other corrupt and illegal Practices made use of, by, and in favour of, the said Mr. Evans and Mr. Bance, they,

the said Mr. Evans and Mr. Bance are returned Burgesses for the said Borough; contrary to the last Determination of the House, to the manifest Prejudice of the said Mr. Bertie and the Petitioner, who were duly elected to r<*? present the said Borough in this present Parliament; and therefore ought to have been returned accordingly, instead of the said Mr. Evans and Mr. Bance: And praying the House to take the Petitioner’s same into Consideration; and to give such Redress as to the House shall seem irieet.

Ordered, That the fluid Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And then . the House. adjourned till Tomorrow Morning; Nirie of the Clock.

1 Saibatiy 17* die yanuariij

Anno 9* Georgii IId? Regis, 1735.

Prayers. . 7

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, ‘ That his The King Majesty having been waited, upon, f pursuant to the aPpoiutsto Order ot Velterday, humbly to know whepTie. would be beattended-pleased to be attended by this House; hajd been pleased to appoint this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, at iii$

Palace of St. Jamesf , r

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Is ine of the Clock.

Lunce^ 190' die Januariiy

Anno 9* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1735.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Wyrriott Owen Esquire was presented Haverford jljL to the House, and read; setting forth, That, upon West Elec-the Sixth Day of May last past, at the Election of a Mem- tion* ber to lerve in Parliament for the Tow n and County of Iiavtrjord West, the Petitioner, and Erasmus Phillips Esquire, flood Candidates; and notwithstanding the Petitioner had a great Majority of legal Votes, yet the Sheriff being a Servant of the said Erasmus Phillips, or his Father, declared him duly eleCled; but that a Poll being demanded in favour of the Petitioner, and proceeded in, the Sheriff, in taking the fame, admitted of great Numbers, not qualified, to vote therein for the said Erasmus Phillips, contrary to the just Rights of the said down, and to the last Resolution of the House of Commons; by which means, and divers other undue, corrupt, and illegal Practices, and refuling to admit Persons to vote for the Petitioner, w'ho had very good and undoubted Titles to their Poll, the Sheriff pretended that there was a Majority in favour of the said Erasmus Phillips, and accordingly returned the said Erasmus Phillips; to the great Injury of the Petitioner: And praying such Relief as to the House shall appear just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Robert EJfington and Thomas Vincent, Caine Ele< G uild Stewards of the Borough of Caine, in the County tion* of Wilts, w as presented to the House, and read: letting forth, That, by the antient Usage of the said Borough, and also by the last Determination of the House, the Right of returning Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough is in the Guild Stewards thereof: That, on the ‘id Day 0i February 1733, the Petitioners were

Hertford

Ucchun#

9 Geo. II.

190 Janu

Weymouth

JUt&ion,

duly defied Guild Stewards of the said Borough, for the Year next ensuing, by a Majority of the Burgesses: TBat, about the 181U Day of Aprilnexl following, a Writ issued to Thomas Phipps Esquire, then high Sheriff of the said County, for clecting Two Burgesses to serve in this pre-font Parliament for the said Borough: That the said High Sheriff ought to have delivered his Precept, for the electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, to the Petitioners, and to have taken the Petitioners Return of such Rurgeflcs; but, instead thereof, the fold Sheriff caused his Precept to be delivered to George Furman and lMeti Scott, who took upon them, without any Right, to afi as the Guild Stewards of the said Borough at the said Elefiion; and the said Forman and Scott returned William Duckett and If alter Hungerford Esquires, as Members for the fold Borough, and, to give Colour for such Return, have contrived and affixed Seal to the said Return, which is not the Common Seal Of the fold Borough: That the Petitioners, who were the legul Guild Stewards for the said Borough, at the said Elefiion, took the Poll of the Eiefiora; on which Poll the said William Duckett and Francis Kyles Esquires; were duly eh fied by a Majority of legal Votes; and the Petitioners made a Return under their Hands, and the Common Seal of the fold Rjorough, as uftmi, whereby they returned the said William Duckett Esquire, and Francis Kyles Esquire, to be duly defied Burgesses to serve in this pre-font Parliament for the said Borough; and the Petitioners tendered such their Return to the said High Sheriff, but he refilled to accept thereof, but accepted the Return of the said Fonruv/ and Scotty although the said Mr. Hungin'-ford had not a Majority of legal Votes, nor the said For* man and Scott, or either of them, any Right to make a Return; hi Prejudice to the Petitioners Right, and in Violation of the Confutation of the said Borough: And praying the House to take the Pren rites into Consideration, and afford the Petitioners such Relief therein as shall fcein meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do exumine the Matter thereof; and re-

Ewt the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the oufe.

A Petition of Herbert We/lphaling Esquire was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, TTiat, at the lait Election of Members to serve in this Parliament for the City of Hereford, in the County of Hereford\ the Petitioner, together with Sir John Morgan Baronet, and Thomas Foley the younger. Esquire, ltood Candidates: That Bribery. Corruption, arbitrary and illegal Proceedings, undue and indirefi Practices, were made use of, in order to procure the said Sir John Morgan to be returned lor the said City, and he is returned accordingly, in prejudice to the Petitioner, who had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned instead of the said Sir John Alorgan: That the Petitioner apprehends, the said Sir John Morgan is not duly qualified to fit in Parliament: And therefore praying, That the said Sir John Morgan may produce his Qualification, according to Law'; and that the House would take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall leem meet

Ordaxd, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of John Ohnius Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the last Elefiion of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough of // eymouth and Mclcomb Regis, in the county of 'Dorset, the Petitioner, and John Tuclccr Esquire, flood Candidates: That the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned as a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough: but John Carjivell, Esquire, Vol.

SPJ

the present Mayor, who was the Returning Officer, and Andrew Way Town Clerk of the said Borough, being in-, fluenoed by the said John Tucker, or his Agents, afcted in the uioft partial and arbitrary manner ugaiult the Petitioner, during the w hole Course of the Poll, by admitting many Persons to poll for the find John Tucker, who had no Right to vote, and reiuling others to vote for Jhe Petitioner, who had an undoubted Right; whereby, and by many otiter illegal and indirefi Practices, the lhjd John Tucker hath procured himself to be returned, in panifelt Injury and Prejudice to the Petitioner, and in open Violation of the Laws for securing the Freedom of J^le&ion? of Members to serve in Parliament: That the said JJ^u Tucker is not qualified to lit as a Member of the House of Commons, he not having now, or at the time of the Ele&ioo, such an Estate as is required by the Statute, in that behalf made and provided: And praying foqb Relief as to the House shall seem meat,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confident lion of the Committee of Privileges and EL&iou?.:

And that they do examine die Matter thereof; and, report the feme, with their Opinion thereupon^ to the house.

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House attended his Answer to Majesty, on Saturday last, with their Address: To which Add rest, ltis Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer.

Gentlemen,

I return you my Thanks for this dutrful and loyal Address. I am very well plealed tlmtmy Endeavours to reliore t|ic public Tranquillity have met with your Approbation; and you may be allured my future Care shall be employed, to the utmost of my Pow er, to render the Peace of Europe perfefi and tailing, and to make you a flouriffling and happy People.

A Petition of Richard Lyster and John Mytton Esquires Shrewsbury was presented to the House, and read; setting lorth, Election. That the Petitioners handing Candidates at the lait Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Stucwsbury, had a Majority of legal Votes: That Sir Richard Corbett Baronet, and If illiam Kinajlm Esquire, who were also Candidates at the said Election, were, by themselves, and divers oilier Persons acting as their Agents, guilty of several corrupt, illegal, and unwarrantable Practices, in order to procure themselves to be then elefied; and that John Lacon Esquire, who took upon himlelfto act as Mayor of the said Borough, and to whom the Precept was directed, did arbitrarily, corruptly, and illegally, refule the Votes of divers antient and legal Burgesses thereof, duly qualified to vote, and of several other Persons w ho had a Right to be admitted Burgesses of the said Borough, and demanded the fame; all which Persons then and there tendered themselves to vote for the Petitioners, whole Votes ought of Right to have been received and allowed; and the said Mayor did also, in an arbitrary, corrupt, and illegal Manner, admit several Persons, who were not legal Burgesses of the said Borough, to vote for the said Sir Richard Corbett, and William Kinaston, who ought not to have been lo admitted and allowed; and that, although the Petitioners were duly elefied, and ought to have been returned by the said Mayor, yet he, by the Means aforesaid, did return the said Sir Richard Corbett and William Kinafton; and the Petitioners insist, That the said William Kinaston had not then, nor now hath, an Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, sufficient to qualify him to be a Member of the House of Commons: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioners such Relief therein as to the House shall leem, reasonable.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House;

It passed in the Negative,

r Orde?'ed>

Gooff [<

Norfolk

Eieltiou.

o* *"

Mvch^n Ele&tom;

Coventry

Election.

04 19 ^.yanudrii.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con4*- not only negleCBed,; hut fefufed, to disperse them, riblvvifch-fi derat run of the G 6 rn \rh ttee of Privileges and Elections’:- standing the Magistrates gave Orders for that Pur pole;

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and re- whereby great Numbers of the Petitioner's Voters* whe« port th4 fame, with their Opinion thereupon,> to the they endeavoured to come to the Place of polling; in Hotife. J: order to vote for the Petitioner, were assaulted and puffied

' > 1 back, and hindered from voting; where upon; the Pc*

A Petition of the Getitlemen, Clergy, and other Free- titioner did often desire the Sheriffs of the said Ci ty to adr hblders /of thh Comity- of 'Norfolk, whose Names are journ the Pod), that the Mob might be dispersed; but thereunto liibicribed,-J in behalf1 (if themselves, and of a they absolutely refuted it; and the Petitioner did likewise g^fNbinbef more of the Freeholders of the said County^ desire, that tire Book of Inrolment might be turned to, as W&s* presented to the House,5 arid- read; letting forth* was ufrial in all former Elections, to prevent People "poll*

Thai, ^fthe last ElCCticm of-Members to lerve iri Parlial ing.that had no -Right; but that was, also refuted; by ttfeWt f{fr the County of Norfolk;»Rdbert’ Coke- Esquire; which means gre&t Numbers of Persons were polled the WUttttin 'Mordcii'Efefuire, Sit Edmund Bacon Baronet, and First Day, that had no Right of voting; while those that WllMm IVodehdufe Eftjuire, stood Candidates: That thi had a Right, arid attempted to come up to vote for the fdid’Wm. Mordtii^ti&BobertCoke Esquires had an ui*- Petitioner, were ^rejected, and now remain unpolled, to tibtrbte^ Majority of true^andlegal Voters for them, and the mailifeft Prej udioeaf the m, as well as the Petitioner; ought therefore to have been netiMied^as ReprifentativeS and- great Numbers of Votes were procured for tile said 1H Pkrliirtifent for thb^ffld Goiinty; butja greatjNumber Sir 'Adolphus Oughtott, by- mosthflagrant

bfPCfforiS, ridt (qualified by Law to vote at said Elec* Bribery} and lotiier corrupt Practices,; >padichlarly there tibnr seeing {procured, and having voted for the said Sir were great Numbers of Paprir^fpifeett up in all publick EinhtndSetcotrzrid J^BlmmlVodxhoitfeYSqi\\te; byfrhieft, Streep Placed of the ^did; City,' a \fewVDajs' befofe and many other undue, corrupt, and illegal Practiced & the EldCfcion came dnl/iBoMer tadhSuence the Electors to pretended Majority appearing upon the Poll for the said voteTor Sk jr/^risiizig^h^impcDrting, that Sir Addk [ Sir Edmund Bacjm, and William Wodthmtje 'Elqmre; they phus Oughton had! obtained frfutbe' Recorder of the said vrbre thereupon hbturned to serve in Parliament for, tile City, that. his^Salary should be chiposed ‘Of in Charity to Trikl - County,'4 to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners: poor Freemen; and that the feme (would be accordingly And praying such Relief in the Preuiifes as to the House disposed of in: dune next by tile Mayor* That there wafc shall seem meet. an urfriue lidturn procured*? without the Corifdntiof the

Onhrdy That the Matter of the said Petition be heard Petitioner, not Half the; FreemeaofjthjaLaid jCity having "at the Bartof this House, upon fi/turjifoythe -itith Day of been polled, for ihdisaid Sir xUktiphus Qughto&k drid Mr.

Aruam next , ! . 1 \ Bird;‘'to. servedn th& present Parliament, to the manife

the Lifts, witll respect to; the cohtro- Prrijudicd not only of the Petitioner, bat; of tbfif.said^City: lyerted ^emoh^oftne Cou rity qiNo)Jdlh\ now depending That trie laid Sir Adolphus Oughton, arid jMti Jkrdyoxc ndt pefpre this House, be, gi purliiance of the'fefoteipn!of qualified* to lit and vote in the Hoiile, as -the LawdfreCfcs,

Iffiis'Hoii'fc made updri laiV^clcttvered* -by^Estate; that is, bona Jide, their own,’ and-toot -.madp

Month. v 1,1 IbueViTauddriritly to serve therprelerri; Oecafidn,! inuQrdo*

to evade the Law: And praying such Redfclst/iui the A Petition of Thomas Farrington Efiqttfrepaifd William ~Fremilfr*jas to;the Hfctrie shall feenr meet.' Vr t A

1 Wardoifr Elqilire/was presented to the dioui'e, and read; And>:atMotion heings made, a^sd the Question being setting forth, That* at the Election of Burgeflbs to.ferte -pntl,; That the‘d{atter of tiic laidiPetition be iDeard at the Iri this preleiit Parliament for the Borough of Michell in Bar Of this Hemlb;.. '* ui ’ q

the County of Cornwall, the Petitioners, together Vith It passed in the Negative.

I'homas Watts arid Rob&t't Ord Eliquire's, ltood Candi- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

dates: Tlifcfe the Petitioners had a Majority of legal Votes, Cciifidcratfon' >of the'<5ommittee of Privileges and Elec-tod ought to have been returned-Burgesses for the said tions: -And that they)do examine the: Matter thered/arid -Borough -; but that* by means of several illegal and indi- report the farrie, with tl-ieir Opinion thereupon, to the re^ Practices, a Number of Persons were procured to Housev. AV e no,) k\

vote for the Sitting Momber&* tvhb were not intitled - ’ L

thereto, pursuant to the felt Rjesolution *of Parliament;: A Petition of Nathanael Gould Esquire was presented Wareham

by which means the Sitting Members procured them- to the House, and'read ;’setting forth, That the Election Electiou. lelves to be returned, in Prejudice to the: Petitioners: of Members to serve in this ’^relent Parliament for the And praying, That the House will be plealed to take the Borough of IVantham, in the County of Dorseti came on Pretriiles ifito ’Confidemtion, and give them such Relief upon Saturday the Fourth Day of May 1734;* at which therein as shall be just. Election the Petitioner itood Candidate: That, a Poll

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- being taken at ‘the laid; Election, Antoni/ Tma\ of the said ^deration of the Coriimittee of Privileges and Elections: Borough, who»acted in the Capacity of Mayor and Rc-

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and re- turning Officer for the said Borough* did arbitrarily and

sport the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the illegally receive and admit a great Number of Persons to

House. vote for John Pitt Esquire, who had no. Right or Title

whatsoever (to poll at the said Election; and did also un-A Petition of John Neale Esquire was presented to the justly disallow and reject divers Votes for the Petitioner,

House, arid read; setting forth, That Sir Adolphus Ough- which ought to have been receivedand obstinately de-ton Bhronet, and John Bird Esquire, and the Petitioner, -dared the said Election in favour of thefeid Mr. Pitt, and stood Candidates at the last Election of Members to serve returned him to serve in Parliament for the said Borough,

‘in this present Parliament for the City of Coventry, when -in Contempt of the last Resolution of the Hpufey touching fe Majority of Votes appeared for the Petitioner: That, the Right of Election for the said Borough*; alt hough thjp although the Petitioner and his Friends gave proper Di- laid Antony Trew was, before the Election, served \fcith^i -factions, that, at the said Election, the Voters might come Copy of the said Resolution, and well knew the Intent to the Place of polling without Interruption or Molesta- arid Meaning thereof: That the said Mrby the tion, yet a great Number of looie, idle, and disorderly - Means aforesaid, and other corrupt'and lillegal Practices,

Persons, and such as had no Right of Voting, assemblfed ^has-been rctumed to serve in this present Parliament for together at the time of the Election, being hired, as was the daidvBoi ough of Wareham, although the . Petitioner supposed, for that Purpose, and behdved themselves in a was duly elected a Mepiber for the said Bovougti, ‘ by a Violent and outrageous inanner in favour of the said Sir (great Majority ol legal Votes, and ought to have been re-Adolphus Oughton, and Mr. Bird; and the Peaoe Officers -tufned accordingly: And praying the House 4x> take vibe

- J ' c iy:ii . ipfeniillfe

M Abort!

Port

Election.

The King's ?>pm n cuiiiidueii.

Supply.

Card iff* Election,

9 Geo. II. 19° — 21"

Pi-cmif'* into Consideration, and so grtmt the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Medlycott the elder, Efejuire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner flood as Candidate, with If m. Locke Esquire, at the late Election of Burge lb* to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Milborn Port, and Thomas Medlycott ot I Vim, and Michael Harvey, Esquires, did also Hand Candidates at the said Election: That the said Thomas MedhfcoU of Venn* and Michael Harvey, by divers arbitrary, illegal, and unwarrantable Practices by themselves and their Agents, procured many of the Voters to poll for them, who would other-wile have voted for the Petitioner; and did, by their Influence over the Returning Officers, j>crfuade them to admit of many Persons to vote for them, who had not the least Right so to do; and, in conseqtience of these arbitrary, illegal, and unwarrantable Proceedings, the said Thomas Medlycott of fV/in, and the said Michael Harvey, have procured themlelvts to be returned as Members to serve in this present Parliament, in Prejudice of tin Petitioner, who had an undoubted Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned accordingly: And praying such Relief as to the House Ilia 11 seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; 11ml report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to t eke into Consideration Ins Majesty's most gruciou* Speedi to l>oth Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply he granted to his Majesty;

Rejoiced* That this House will, upon Wcdv flay Morning next, resolve itiell into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii,21* die Januarii;

Anno 9* Georgii 1IJ| Regis, 173.).

Prayeks.

PETITION' of Thomas Mathews Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cardiffj in the County of Glamorgan, the honourable Herbert U'ind/br Esquire, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates; That the Petitioner ‘was duly elected by a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; notwithstanding which, the* said Herbert IVindjltr, by Threats, and Menaces, and other illegal and unwarrantable Practices, and by influencing David Owen and Thomas Meredith, who very arbitrarily and illegally took upon themselves to act as Returning Officers, though not didy elected into Inch Office, did procure himself to be returned for the said Borough, in manifest Injury and Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the House to take (lie Premises in Consideration; and that the Petitioner may have such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-fider ation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof# and re-. Vol. 22.‘

Jdmarii. 505

port the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Henry Bendish junior, Esquire, was Ilchester presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That fc^hon. Sir Robert Browne Baronet, Charles Lockyer Esquire, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates nt the iaft Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ilchester, in the C Minty of Somerset: That, at the said Election, several Persons were ad nitted to poll for the said Sir Robert Browne, who had no Right so to do, and the Votes of several Persons, who had a Right to poll, and offered to vote for the Petitioner* wererefufed; by which undue means, and by the arbitrary and partial Proceedings of the then Bailiff, and other corrupt and illegal Practices made use of in behalf of the said Sir Robert Browne, he, the said Sir Roba:t Bnncne, is returned a Burge* ts for the said Borough; to the manifeli Prejudice of the Petitioner, who w as duly elected one of the Rrprefeutatives for the said Borough by a Majority of legal Votes, and therefore ought to have been returned accordingly: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and give the Petitioner fiuli Redress therein as shall be juli.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Considerntion of the Comm* 1 tee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of William Lock Esquire, was presented to Milborn tin* House, and tea 1; felting fui :h, That the Petitioner Port flood as a Candid ue, at the i«:lt EL-t lion of BurgelFesto Election, serve in thi present P.irli.mi-i t for the Borough of Milborn Port, and Ttiomas Medlycott of Venn, and Muhael Harvey, Esquires. d d also Hand Candidates at the said Election: That the said Michael IlarVey, by divers arbitrary, illegal, and unwarrantable Practices, by himself and his Agents, procured many of the Voters to poll for linn, who would otherwile have voted for the Pot tinner, and did, by his Influence over the Returning Off cer^, persuade them to admit of many Prrfuns 10 vote for him who had not the least Right so 10 do; and, in confi quence of tliefearbitrary, illegal, and unwarrantable.. Proceedings, the said Michael Harvey has procured liiinfidf to be returned as Member so serve in this on fun Pailannent; in Prejudice of Mid Pi-titioucr, who hud ail-undoubted Majority of legal Votes. and ought to have been icturned accordingly:

And praying such Relief in the Premises as to the 1 ioiifi* fli ill seem rivet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Infinudion to the said Corn-mi* tee, That they do hear tue Matter of the said Petition at the same time tliev hear the Matter of the Petition of Thomas Medlycott the elder, Esquire, complaining of an undue El*, ction and Return for the said Borough of Milborn Port.

A Petition of James St. Clair Esquire? was presented Brunt-Hand, to the House, and read; setting forth. That the honour- &c. Election, able Thomas Lejlie Esquire, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates at the lafi Election of a Burgets to lVrve in this present Parliament for the Dilirfet of* Burghs of Brunt island, King horn, Kirkaldie, and Dyfert: That the Delegates for the Burghs of Dyfert, Kirkaldie, and Kinghorn, voted lor the Petitioner, and the Delegate for the Burgn of Bruntisland voted for the said Mr. Lejlie:

That, before and at the said Election, many undue, corrupt, and illegal Practices were made use of by, for, and in favour of, the said. Mr. Lejlie, in order to procure him to be elected; a«ud when all tlfefe uajuft Practices had proved unsuccessful, Com ill itfi oners were, by certain of the Couufellor* of the Burghs of Kirkaldie 6 N and

50 6 2i° Januatii. A. 1735-

and Kinghorn, who, upon very frivolous and groundless Pretexts, separated themselves from the Majority of their respective Town Councils, given to Two of Mr. Lejlie's Friends to act as Delegates in the said Efe&ion \ and the Returning Officer most arbitrarily and unjustly took upon ‘him to receive the Delegates acting under such false Commissions, and to reject those that were commissioned by the Majority of the le^aj Magistrates and 1 own Counsellors o{ the said Two Burghs as aforesaid, and to make his Return accordingly in favour of the said Mr. I^jlie, for whom the said pretended Delegates took upon them to vote; in manifest Prejudice to the Petitioner, who was duly elected to represent the said Burghs, in this present Parliament, by a Majority of legal Votes, having Three Delegates against One, and therefore ought to have been returned accordingly, itostead of the said Mr. Lejlie: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Kew Radnor A Petition of the Lord Viscount Bateman, of the King-

Ele^ion. dom of Ireland, was presented to the House, and read;

setting forth, That the Petitioner Hood a Candidate at the lall Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of New Radnor, in the County of Radnor, That many unwarrantable, corrupt, and illegal Practices, were made use of by Herbert Lezvis, Brother-in-Law to Thomas Lewis Esquire, the Sitting Member, who presided as Bailiff at the said Election; as also by Howell Lewis, Town Clerk of the said Borough, Hen. He:earth and John Greenly Esquires,.3Wni Harris and Christopher Lewis Gentlemen; in order to procure the said Thomas Lewis Esquire, to be elected and returned a Member of Parliament for the said Borough, and who was returned accordingly, although not duly chosen; in Prejudice to the Petitioner, for whom there appeared a great Majority of legal Votes, and who ought to have been returned instead of the said Thomas Lezvis Esquire: And therefore praying the House to grant the Petitioner such Relief as they shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they db examine the Matter thereof* and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Kincardine A Petition of John Scott, of Wardroperton, Esquire, Election, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, upon the 28th of May 1734, being the Day appointed for the Election of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Kincardine, Wm. Burnett, oi Crigie, Esquire, was duly elected and

Mr. JoknMaule was duly elected Clerk, by the Majority of Freeholders, who had a Right to vote in such Election: That the Minority of the Freeholders thereupon separated themselves from the Majority: That the Freeholders who continued together, after having adjailed the Roll, unanimously, to the Number of Thirteen, voted for the Petitioner to be Commissioner for the said Shire; and

..... the said Mr, Maule, who was Clerk, and the proper Returning Officer, did, agreeable to Law, tender a Return of the Petitioner’s Name to Arthur Shepherd, Deputy Sheriffof the said Shire, there being no principal Sheriff, and required him to receive such Return, and annex it to the Writ, and return the same therewith; but that the said Arthur Shepherd, in manifest Violation of the Right of Ele&iotis, hath taken upon himself, by Indenture between him and one John Young, who had no Colour of Right to join in such Indenture, to return John Falconer, -of PheJ'do, Esquire, to be Commissioner for the said Shire; That the said John Falconer was not capable of being so elected, not being seised or possessed of such an Estateas entitled him either so eteft, or be elected; That several >5

Persons, who pretended to tote for the said John Falconer, had no Right or Title to vote; and they refused to take the Oaths appointed by Law to be taken by the Electors of Members to serve in Parliament: That the Persons who pretended to vote for the said John Fal-coring having withdrawn and separated from the duly elected Pr<efes and Clerk, could not regularly choose any Commissioner for the said Shire: That, as well before as at the Election, many undue and illegal Practices were made use of by, for, and in favour of, the said John Falconer, in order to procure him to be elected and returned to serve in Parliament for the said Shire: and, though he was not duly chosen, yet he hath been returned by a Perfoti who had no Right to make such Return, though the Petitioner was duly elected; and who, as the proper Officer tendered a Return of iiim to the Sheriff, ought to have been returned accordingly:

And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The House being informed, that some of the Com- ProhiM missioners of the Customs attended at the Door; bdia

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the GtKKi,k' House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods in the Warehouses at St. Helens; with what hath been brought in, delivered out for Exportation, and now remains in the said Warehouses, from Michaelmas 1734 to Michaelmas 1735: And also,

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods in the Warehouses at Leaden-hall-, with what has been brought in, and delivered out for Exportation, and what remains in the said Warehouses, from Michaelmas 1734 to Michaelmas 1735: And also.

An Account of what* prohibited East India Goods remaining in his Majesty s Wnrehbufe at the Port of London at Michaelmas 1734; as also, brought in; what exported, and what remains, from Michaelmas 1734 to Michaelmas 1735: And also.

An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in the respective Warehouses in the Out Ports, at Michaelmas 1734; with what has been brought in since that time, what exporter!, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1735; And also,

An Account of Naval Stores imported from Rrtjia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1734 to Michaelmas 1735: And also.

An Account of Naval Stores imported from Raffia into the Ports, commonly called the Out Ports, from Michaelmas 1734 to Michaelmas 1735.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other. Papers of this Session.

A Petition of Antony Chute, of the Vine, in the Snmh’m^0 County of Southampton, Esquire, was presented to the £lec1loa’ House, and read; setting forth. That, at the Elqjftion of -Knights of the Shire to serve in this present Parlia- . ment for the County of Southampton, the honourable Harry Powlett Esquire, commonly called Lord Harry Pcwlett, Sir Simeon Stuart Baronet, Edward Lijlc Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates: That a great Number of the Freeholders of the said County appeared, and gave their Votes, for the Lord Harry Pozvlett, and the Petitioner; but the Agents for Mr.

Lijle, and Sir Simeon Stuart, procured several Hundred Persons to vote for the said Mr. Lijlc, and also for Sir Simeon Stuart, who had no Right of voting for the said County, many of the not having received the Rents of the Estates of Freehold they voted for, rior been

entitled

Supply.

Lew*

Whoa.

9 Geo. II. 210 —

entitled so to do for a Year before ibch Election; others Dot having been assessed to the publick Taxes, Charges, or Parish Duties, or, if at all, notin such manner as by Law is required; others of them not having Freehold Estates; and several of them under the Age of One-antl-twenty Years; by which Means, and by several other iudirect and unlawful Practices, the said Mr. Lijlc appeared to have more Votes on the Poll than the Petitioner: That all, or very near all, the Persons not having Right to vote, did also vote for Sir SimconStuart, whereby also lie appeared on the Poll to have more Votes than the Petitioner; whereas the Petitioner had a Majority above both Mr. Lijle, and Sir Simeon Stuart, of the good and legal Votes of the Freeholders of the said County, and ought to have been returned with the Lord Harry Pow~ lett \ but the said Mr. Lijlc procured himself to be returned with the find Lord Harry Powlelt, to the great Injury of the Petitioner: And praying the I Iouft* to take the Petitioner's same into Consideration, tnid give Relief therein, as to . House shall seem meet.

Ordered That the Matter of the said Petition be beard at the Bar of this House upon Tuesday the 9th Day of March nrxt.

Ordered, That the Lifts, with respect to the controverted Election for the County o(Southampton, now depending before this I Ioufe, be, in pursuance of the Resolution of this House made upon Friday the 16th Day of this Iostant/if/riiary, delivered by this Day Five Weeks.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made upon Monday last, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both doufes of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till To-mcrrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 2° die Januarii;

Anno 9# Georgii II41 Regis, 1735.

Pr a y ers.

A PETITION of Nathanael Garland and Thomas Sergifon Esquires was presented to the House, and read; fettingforih, lhat the Petitioners stood asCandidates at the late Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Leues, in the County of Sujffex, together with Thomas Pelham of Slanmcr in the County of SiiJTcx aforesaid, and Thomas Pelham of I^ewes aforesaid, Esquires: That the Petitioners, as such, had a very great Majority of legal Votes; but, by the Partiality and arbitrary Management of Thomas Friend and James llcevc, who took upon themselves to act as Constables, and, as such, to be the Presiding and Returning Officers of the said Borough, and by Bribery, and other corrupt and indi rest Praft ices, made use of before, and at the time of, the said Election, the said Thomas Pelham, of Slanmcr, Esquire, and Thomas Pelham, ofLewes, Esquire, procured themselves to be unduly returned by the said ihomas Friend and James Reeve, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners: That divers good and legal Votes, tendered Vol. 2C2.

Januarii 507

for the Petitioners, were refused by the said pretended Constables, and many others admitted to poll for the said Thomas Pelham and Thomas Pelham, who had no flight at all to vote at the said Election: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition, upon Wednesday the 25th Day of February next.

A Petition of Gwyn Vaughan Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, standing Candidate at the lad Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the County of Radtior, had a Majority of legal V otes: That Si r Humphry Howarlh Knight, who was also Candidate at the said Election, was, by him-self, and divers other Persons acting as his Agents, guilty of several corrupt, illegal, and unwarrantable Practices, in order to procure himself to be then elected; and that Matthew Davies Esquire, then High Sheriff of the said County, did also, in an arbitrary, corrupt, and illegal manner, admit great Numbers who had no legal Votes to oil for the said Sir Humphry Howarlh; and that the said heriff was guilty of di\*ers other corrupt, illegal, and unwarrantable Practices: That although the Petitioner was duly elected, yet the (bid Sheriff, in an arbitrary, corrupt, and illegal manner, did return the said Sir Humphry Ho-worth, in Prejudice to the Petitioner; and that the said Sir Humphry Howarlh had not then, nor now hath, an Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, sufficient to qualify him to be a Member of the House of Commons: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof* and report the fame, With their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Sir James Dalrymple Baronet; and also, A Petition of the Magistratesand Town Council of the Royal Burgh of JJaddinglounJov the Year, from the Time of Michaelmas Election, in the Year 1734, to the same time, in the Year 1735, thereunto subscribing; and also,

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the Royal Burgh of Lauder, for the Year, from the Time of the Michaelmas Election, in the Year 1734. to the same time, in the Year 1735, thereunto subscribing; and also,

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the Royal Burgh of Jedburgh, from the Michaelmas Election in the Year 1734, to the Michaelmas Election in the Year 1735; and of Robert Wintrope, George Scof/gald, and John Porleaus, Counsellors of the said Burgh for the Year preceding that; and also,

APetition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the Royal Burgh of North Berwick, from the time of the Michaelmas Election in the year 1704, to the same fime in the Year 1735, thereunto subscribing; and also,

A Petition of John Hajivell, Common Clerk of the Burgh of Jedburgh;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said District of Burghs, at Jedburgh, the presiding Burgh of that District, on Saturday the 18th Day of May 1734, the Petitioner, Sir James Dalrymple, was duly elected a Burgess for the said District, by the V oices of Hugh Dalrymple Esquire, who was legally elected Delegate for the said Burgh of North Berwick, and of

Kidnor Election.

Haddingroun, Uq. Ele&i«D.

Privilege

Or ford Election.

508 220 Januarit. 1735

John Moffat, who was legally elected Delegate for the said Burgh of Lauder, James Douglas, who was duly elected Delegate for the said Burgh of Jedburgh, not being present at the said Election of a Burgess for the Taid District, and William Xfranjion, Doctor of Medicines, not having been duly elected Delegate for the said Burgh of Jedburgh, and Geo. Ed-irnijion not having been duly elected Delegate for the said Burgh of Lauder, and George Ereflcine not having been duly elected Delegate for the said Burgh of Haddingtoun: That, nevertheless, Archibald Crombie, or John Crombie, or both of them, pretending to be Common Clerk or Clerks of the said Borough of Jedburgh, have, or has, presumed to make a Return of James Fall Esquire, as duly elected Burgess to serve in Parliament, for the said Dill rid, although the said James Fall was not duly elected; and that the said Return is utterly void, not being made by the Petitioner John Hajzvell, the Common CleWc of the said Burgh of Jedburgh, the presiding Burgh; and that undue Influence, Bribery, Corruption, illegal Combination and Association, and other unlawful Methods, were used by the said , James Fall, or his Agents or Abettors, in procuring, or attempting to procure, undue Elections of Delegates to favour the Interest of the said James Fall, in the afor.esaid Burghs of Haddingtoun, Jedburgh, or Lauder, or some of them: And praying the House to take the said Election and Return into Consideration, and give the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet, j. Ordered, , That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

, The House being informed, that John Perkins had abused, refilled, and assaulted, Arthur Razolinfon, Iligh-Constable of the Liberty of Westminster, in the Execution of the Order of the House, made upon Friday the Sixteenth Day of this Instant January, for keeping the Passages, through the Streets between Temple Bar and Westminster-hall, free and open, ..fluring the Times therein mentioned;

The said Arthur Razolinfon, attending at the Door, was called in, and examined:

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That the said John Perkins do attend this

House Tomorrow Morning.

0 1

A Petition of Colonel John Cope, and Joseph Wyndham ‘Asht'^Liquire, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That, at the EJe&ion of Members to serve in th'13.prefect Parliament for the Borough of Orford, in the County of Suffolk, the Petitioners were Candidates, -as were also Richard Pozvis Esquire, and Lewis Barloto Esquire; That one John Marrett, wlioufurped the Oflice of Alavor of the said Borough, took upon himself to pre-ficfe at the Election as Mayor, and did admit several Persons to poll at the said Election lor the said Mr. Pozvis bpd Mt. Barlow, who had no Right so to do, and did also refule others who hhd a Right to poll, and who tendered their Votes for the Petitioners: That divers corrupt and illegal Practices were made use of by the said Mr. Pozvis and Mr. Barloto, or their Agents, and divers Persons, who h.ad a, Right, and would have voted for the Petitioners, were forcibly prevented from giving their Votes: That the said Marrett, without any Right of Office, has returned the said Mr. Pozvis and Mr. Barlow, as Members duly elected to serve in Parliament, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners, who ought to have been returned: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem inflect.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and-Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof;

and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Sir John Stewart, of Allanbank, Baronet, was presented to the House, and read; feiting forth. That* at the late Election of aKnight to serve in Parliament for the County of Berwick, upon the 30th Day of May 1734, the honourable Mr. Alexander Hurtle Campbell, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates; and the Petitioner <Vas the only Person who was duly elected: That the Freeholders, who attended, were required, by a Freeholder formerly inrolled, to take the Oaths appointed to be taken by E)e6lot*s of Members of Parliament, and specially the Oath, which, by the Statute 7° Georgii Se-cundi, is appointed to he taken in place of the Oath appointed by the Ad Duodecimo Annse, and that before they proceeded to give any Vote for the Choice of aClerk and Prcefes to the Meeting; yet, nevertheless, divers of the Freeholders thought fit, without taking these Oaths* though required as aforesaid, to proceed to elect a Clerk and Prrrfes; and, by the Votes of these unqualified Persons, the Election of Clerk and Prxfes, as well as all the subsequent Steps, were illegally made; whereas the Electors, to the Number of Twenty-six, who voted for the Petitioner, had all the Qualifications required by Law, and Fourteen of them took the aforesaid Oath required by the said StatuteSeplimo Georgii, and a considerable Number of them took the other Oaths to the Government required by Law; whereas none of theie* who voted for the said Mr. Hume Campbell, took either the aforesaid Oath appointed by the Act 7 Georgii, or the Oath of Abjuration, not even the said Candidate himself: That good Objections were made to several of the Electors who voted for the said Mr. Hume Campbell, but were di Regarded by the Meeting; and that a moll just Exception was offered againitthe said Mr. Alexander flume Campbell, as a Person incapable either oMe&ingorbeingele£led, not having been infeoft, and his Infeofment registered or recorded upon any irredeemable Right, uYear and Day before tie Telle of the Writ, as the Law requires; which Olje&ion was verified by the'Writings produced at the Meeting; and nevertheless, this tiudeniable Objection was difre-garded, and the Sheriff has adventured to returni Mr. Alexander flume Campbell as the Member duly elected l And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and give such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Pet ition of several of the Inhabitants, living within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; - alleging, That the Streets, within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, now are, and have for some time been, in a very ruinous Condition, occasioned by the Neglect of those who ought to repair them, by the frequent Paving without arty regard to Levels, and by the bad and irregular laying down the Pavement^ broke up by the Proprietors of the Water-works, over whom there is no Comptroil, and by the Number of empty Houses: That the Laws for cleansing the Streets are deficient, and the Powers for obliging Scavengers and Rakers to do their Duty, not fuffleient; and that there are many Nuisances, in the several Streets within the said Limits’, occasioned by Builders, Night Carts, and Incroachments, which want the A Alliance of the Legislature to prevent: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Relief therein as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, Time the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-.rrnne the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And

Berwick Election 1

Paving Streets in Miudlelei

9 Geo. II. 2 2° Januarii.

5°9

And it is referred to Mr. Robert Hacks, Lord Sundon, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Sanctus, Mr. Gybbon, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Walker, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Harley, Mr. Conduit I, Sir Geo. Oxen den, Mr. Archer, Mr. Crojje, Mr. Jfy/ie, Mr. Mcdlycott, Mr. Winning ton Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Waller Lloyd, Mr. Earle, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Thomas Read, Mr. Plainer, Mr. Longuevilie, Mr. Henry Finch, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Price, Lord Charles Cavendish, Lord Fere Beauclerk, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Chamber laine, Mr. Clutter buck, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Boone, Colonel Cholmondeley, Mr. Waller, Sir JFwz. Jolliffe, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Alderman Heath cote, Mr. Curzon, Lord Polzvarth, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Rutherford, Mr. Leaihes, Sir Rowland Alston, Mr, Tower, Mr. Bradjhazv, Mr. //dy, Mr. Lockwood, Dr. Lee, Mr. Mountagu. Lord Middlesex, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Hedworth, Colonel Ducket, Lord Wallingford, Mr. Cholmondeley, Sir Francis Child, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Hampden; and all the Members who serve for the County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Camber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

g I, Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

ResolvecdgThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine Coniradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

fa?yand Ordered, That an Fflimate of the Ordinary of the Army Ef- Navy, for the Year 1736, with the Half pay of the Of-limatw, &c. Geers of the Navy, and Marines, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of what may be necessary for the Repairs and Rebuildings of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1736, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces, for the Year 1736, belaid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1736, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers, who are to be in Half-pay, for the Year 1736, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate be laid before this House of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital for the Year 1736.

Ordered, That a State of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it stood at Christmas last, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing the Monies arisen within the respective Half years ending at Lady-day, and Michaelmas last past, as well of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the South Sea Fund, as also of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the General Fund.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1735, hath been disposed of; dillinguished under the several Heads.

| Ordered\ That an Account of the Services incurred,

Vol. 22.

and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Resolved, 'That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before tin’s House the said Estimates, Lift, State, £mt Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Petition of Richard Manley and Hugh Williams Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, at the last Election of Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Chefer, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Sir Charles Bunbury, Baronets, and the Petitioners, stood Candidates: That the Petitioners, had an undoubted Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned accordingly; but, by the indirect and illegal Practices of the said Sir Robert Grosvenor, Sir Charles Banbury, their Friends and Agents, and, by the partial and unjust Proceedings of the Returning Officers, the said Sir Robert Grosvenor, and Sir Charles Bunbury were returned in Prejudice to the Petitioners: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such: Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referrred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of James Brodie, of Spynie Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That John Campbell, of Calder, Esquire, having been elected to serve in this present Parliament for Pembrokefure, and also for the Shire of Nairn, made his Election to serve fovPembrokeshire: That, aWrit having been issued for a new Election for the Shire of Nairn, Sir Archibald Campbell, Sheriff Principal for Life of the said Shire, appointed Monday the Seventeenth of March last past for the Day of Election, and made the proper Intimations to the Freeholders to assemble betwixt the Hours of Twelve and Two of that Day, in the Tolbooth of Nairn, the usual Place of Election: That accordingly several of the Freeholders came to Nairn on the Day appointed, in order to elect a Member to serve in Parliament, in Place of the said John Campbell of Calder: That; to their great Surprize, a Body of Highlanders in Arms, to the Number of 140, or thereby, amongst whom were several Soldiers of the Independent Companies, and many others, not Inhabitants of the County of Nairn, appeared that Day, about Eleven a Clock, in the said Town of Nairn, placed themselves before the House of the Sheriff in that Town; That Colonel Alexander Rose, Provoll of the Town, and Alexander Brodie, of Brodie, Justices of the Peace for that County, forthwith demanded the Meaning of such an Appearance in Arms; but received no other Answer, than that some Gentlemen behind would tell the Meaning of it; whereupon the said Alexander Brodie read the Proclamation against Riots, and required them to disperse: This appeared the more extraordinary, that Colonel Alexander Rose, Provost of the Town, had, the Day before, notified to the Sheriff, in Person, That there was no ground to suspect any Disorder: and that he was sufficiently able to keep the Peace of the said Town, without any armed Men being brought into it: That, after this, some of the Freeholders, finding the Sheriff in the Midst of those armed Men, asked to know what the Meaning of this was ? to which he answered, They were his Guard: Upon which a Protest was taken, and the Proclamation read a Second time: That the said Sheriff, intending to carry on the Election in a clandestine Manner, thought fit, about Eleven of the Clock, to require, from one of the Magistrates, the Keys of the Tolbooth; and received for Answer, that there was then a Prisoner there, but that the Room should be forthwith cleared 6 O before

b;

Chester

Eie£iiuiu

Nairn

Election.

510

before the Hoar of Election; upon which the Sheriff was pleased to take a Protest, and to retire to his own House, in order to make the Election with Two Freeholders only; viz. Alexander Brodie of Lethen, the Member returned, and his Father: That the Magistrates of the Town did accordingly forthwith clear the Tolbooth, and offered the Keys to the Sheriff, which he thought fit to take no Notice of: That Six other Freeholders, then in Town, suspeciing such clandestine Proceeding might be carrying on, endeavoured to get access to the Sheriff’s House, the Doors and Entries of which were guarded^ by at lead One hundred Men in Arms with their broad Swords drawn; but were by them surrounded, and refused Admittance: One of the Freeholders was seized by the Bread by a Highlander in Arms, who, the Petitioner is informed, is one of the Soldiers of an independent Company; upon which the Proclamation was read a Third time, and Proteds taken agaiud those illegal Proceedings: That at lad those Six Freeholder^ got Access to the Sheriff’s House, and found a Meeting, opened by the Sheriff for the Election, confiding of Two Freeholders only formerly inrolled, the returned Member, and his Father; and, in order to procure a false Return, the Sheriff took upon him then? and not till then, to lay aside the former Sheriff Clerk and Sheriff Deputy, and to name Thomas Brodie, Brother to the returned Member, to be Sheriff Clerk, and Robert Donalasm, a Tenant of the returned Member, to be Deputy Sheriff: That the Petitioner appeared as Candidate for this Election; and he, and the other Freeholders in his Intered, required the Sheriff to go with the Writ to the Telbooth, the ordinary Place, that the Election might be freely made, which he thought fit to take no Notice of: That the Petitioner, and the other Freeholders in his Intered, required the said Thomas Brodie to call the Roll formerly made up and recorded in the Sheriff Court Books, which thefor-mer Clerk then offered to furnish him with, in order to the choosing/V^/etf and Clerk, as the Lawdirects; which he refused to do> but pulled out of his Pocket a Roll of his own, out of which the Names of the Petitioner, and Hugh IIay of Park, who had been formerly inrolled, and acted at the former Election, were omitted, and the Name of Sir Archibald Campbell, the Sheriff, inserted, who never had been inrolled: That the Sheriff, in conjunction with the returned Member, and his Father, took upon them to make Choice of the returned Member’s Father to be Prafes, and the said Thomas Brodie to be their Clerk, and afterwards proceeded to put upon their Roll William Duff of Braco, Alexander Campbell of Delnies, and the said Thomas Brodie their Clerk, who have no Pretence to a Qualification, and who, and Sir Archibald Campbell, refused to take the Trust Oath by Law directed; and then they took upon them to ele6b Alexander Brodie of Lethen, younger, as Member to serve in this present Parliament: That the former Sheriff Clerk called the legal Roll, and bya Majority of the Voices of those contained in it, and present, Alexander Brodie of Brodie, was chose Prafes, and Alexander Ore Clerk, to the Meeting; and Hugh Rose of Geddes, and Hugh Rose of Clava, junior,'were afterwards admitted upon the Roll: That Alexander Brodie of Brodie, and the other Freeholders in the Petitioner’s Interest, to the Number of Six, elected the Petitioner to serve as Member in thus present Parliament, and offered a Return to the Sheriff in his Favour, under form of Instrument: That there was another Freeholder, viz. James Sutherland, of Kinjle-rie, then in Town, ready to have voted for the Petitioner, who was violently laid hold on by a Party of the said armed Men, commanded by a Serjeant of one of the independent Companies, on Pretence of assisting a Messenger, who had a Caption, or Capias, against him for a eivrl Debt; and, notwithstanding the Money was immediately tendered to the Messenger, which he aknow-ledged was a sufficient Stop to his further Proceeding, and which he was willing to have received, if he had not been hindered by the said armed Party, and notwithstanding that the Money was offered to be deposited

1735-

in the Hands of the Magistrate, if they thought it more secure, the^ said Serjeant toldy it was not the Money,

but the Person, they wanted; and he, with his Party, taking the Messenger along with him, carried the said James Sutherland, in a violent Manner, out of the Town; and, after tearing his Cloaths, and committing several Abuses upon him, and others present, detained him in the open Fields several Hours, till the Election was over, and then dismissed him without Demand of Money, or so much as of Bail: That the Petitioner humbly conceives, that those Proceedings, and particularly the Aftings of the Sheriff, were highly irregular, illegal, and contrary to the Freedom of Elections; and that the Petitioner was elected by the Majority of legal Votes, and was entitled to have been returned accordingly; notwithstanding which, the said Robert Donaldjon, Deputy, and Thomas Brodie, Clerk, Brother to the returned Member, both named by the Sheriff plainly for this Purpose, and the said Alexander Brodie of Let ken, elder, pretended Prafes, have taken upon them to return Alexander Brodie, of Lethen, younger, as duly elected to serve in Parliament for the said Shire of Nairn; to the great Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in high Violation of the Laws: And praying such Relief as to the House thall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an InstruSion to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition upon Monday the Fifteenth Day of March next.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Itydof Fir, ft Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act against Conjuration, Witchcraft, and whcLrail dealing with evil and wicked Spirits, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the Statute, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act against Conjuration, Witchcraft, and dealing with evil and wicked Spirits; And that Mr. Conduit, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, and Mr. Cmffe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Anno 90 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1735.

Prayers.

A PETITION of James Erefkine, of Grainge, Esquire inrerkeith-was presented to the House, and read; setting »$&! Forth, That, at the last Election of a Member to'serve in this present Parliament for the I)iftri(S of Burghs of Imer keithing, Stirling, Dumfermling, Culrofs, SLnd Quetnsferry, Captain Peter Halket, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates: That the 18th Day of May 1734, being appointed for the said Election, the several Commissioners, from the said Five Burghs, met at the Burgh of Inverkeithing, in the usual Place of Election, produced their several Commissions, and claimed their respective Votes in the said Elefliou, according to Law:

That Robert Wingate, the Commissioner chose for the Burgh of Stirling, the Petitioner, who was chosen Commissioner for the Burgh of Dumfermling^ and Archibald Stewart, the Commissioner chose for the Burgh of Queenfferry, voted, in the said Meeting, for the Petitioner to be Member to represent the said District of Burghs in this present Parliament: That Henry Cmynghame Esquire, the Commissioner from the Burgh of Inverkeithing, in Combination with John Rolland, the Comini flioner from the Burgh of Culrofs, did, in a most arbitrary and illegal Manner, take upon themselves to judge &nd determine upon the Validity of the Commissions

2 2° — 2 30 Janmrii.

Veneris, 23* die Januarii;

V

9 Geo. IL 23° yanuarii.

of the other Three Commissioners, and to ne-jest and admit fitch of them as they thought fit; and particularly to reject the Commission of the Petitioner, 8sCommissionrr from the Burgh of Dumfermling, upon several frivolous and groundless Pretences: That the said Two Commissioners having also voted for the said Captain Peter Halkcl to Ik? Member to represent the said District of Burghs, and pretending thereby to have created an Equality of Votes in favour of the said Captain Peter Halket; the said Henry Cunynghame, as Commissioner for the then presiding Burgh, did, in a moil illegal and arbitrary manner, ufuip, and take to himself, a calling Vote in favour of the said Captain Peter Hal-kct\ and in conftquence of such illegal and unwarrantable Proceedings, John Cant, Common Clerk of the said Burgh of Inver keif It ing, hath, in the moll arbitrury manner, taken uj>on himself to return the find Captain Peter Hulktzs duly elected; in manifeil Breach of the Laws, in Violation of the Freedom of Elections, and Contiitution of Parliaments, and in Prejudice of the Petitioner, w ho ought to have been returned, having a Majority of Votes as aforesaid; and that several other undue, unwarrantable, and corrupt Practices have hern used, by, for, and in favour of, the said Captain Peter Halket. to carry on his said pretended Eieftion, and illegal Return, in manife ft Contempt of the many l,aws imnle for preventing such Abuses: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Con-fidi ration, and gi\c the Petitioner such f|>eedy and effectual Relief sis to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideratton of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the I b>tife.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, Tuit they do hear the Matter of the said Petition next after the Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Flection and Return for the Shire of Clackmannan.

Yorfc A Petition of several Freeholders, whose Names are EUm. thereunto subscribed, of the County of York, in behalf of fh'*infflvc . imd other Freeholders of the said County, was present'd to the House, and read; fitting forth, That, at the lait Election of Knights for the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the said County, Sir AfNes Stop !son Baronet, Sir Rowland Winn Baronet, Edward Worttey F.squire, und Chotmley Turner Esquire, flood Candidates, when a great Number of Freeholders appeared, and gave their Votes, for the said Mr. Worthy, but many Persons were admitted to poll for the said Mr. Turner, who had no I tight so to do; and, before and at the said Flection, many undue Influences, and other illegal, corrupt, and unwarrantable Practices, were made tile of by the Lord Lieutenants, Justices of the Peace, Polt-maliers, Excisemen, and other Persons of the said Comity, in favour of the said Mr. Turner; by which, and other indirect means, the said Mr. Turner is returned one of the Members to serve for the said County, instead of the said Mr. War tie}!, who was duly elected to serve for the said County, by a Majority of legal Votes, and therefore ought, as the Petitioners humbly conceive, to have been returned in the Place of the said Mr. Turner: And therefore praying the House to take the Preraifes into Consideration, and give such Redress therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, at the same time the Matter of the Petition of Sir Rowland Winn Baronet, and of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Freeholders of the County of York, in behalf of themselves, anc} several Thousands more, Freeholders of the same County, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, is appointed to be heard.

Ordered, That the Lifts, with respect to the controverted Election of the said Cholmley Turner Esquire. for

Vol. 2iL 1

the County of York, now depending before this House, be, in pursuance of the Refulution of this House, made upon Friday the 16th Day of this instant January, delivered by this Day Three Weeks.

The House being informed, That John Perkins at- Pwiltgt. tended at the Door, according to Order;

lie was called in; and Arthur Rawlinson, High Constable of the Liberty of Westminster, attending like wile at the Door,

He war. called in> and examined at the Mar, touching the Matter of the Information, given Yesterday to the House, against the said John Perkins.

And the said John Perkins was likewise exarpined, touching the same Matter, and confronted by the said Aj thur Rawlinson.

And the House being informed, That David Gray attended at the Door;

He was called in; and examined at the Bar, in Support of the Evidence given by the said Arthur Raw I info n.

Ard then he withdrew.

And the House being informed, That Richard Rogers attended at the Door;

He was called in; and examined likewise touching the Matter of the said Information.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Arthur Rawlinson and John Perkins being withdrawn;

And the Order, made by the House upon Friday the iGtli Day of litis instant January, for keeping the Passages, tluough the Streets between Templf-bar and Westminster-hall, free* and open, that the Passage of the Members, to and from the House, be not obliru&ed, during the Times therein mentioned, being read;

Refblved, A cuiine contradicente, That John Perkins having Yesterday, betwe en the Hours of Twelve and One in the Afternoon, abused, refifted, and assaulted,

Arthur Rawlinson, High Constable of the Liberty of Westminster, in the Execution of the Order of the House, made upon Friday the i 6th Day of this instant January, for keeping the Passages, through the Streets between Temple-bar and Westminster-hall, free and open, that the Passage of the Members to and from this I louse may not be obstructed, during the times therein mentioned, is guilty of a Contempt of the said Order, and of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente. That the said John Perkins be, for the said Contempt, and Breach of the Privilege of this House, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

v

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Midhurst the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Midhurst, in the County of Suffer, in the room of Bulstrode Peachy Knight Ei'quire, deceased.

A Petition of theafting Trustees, appointed for put- Rochesterto ting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Maidftoue First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, Kuads. An Act, for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from the House, called The Sign of the Bells, in the Parish of St. Margaret, in Rochester, to Maidstone, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; al-Jeging, That of late several Differences and Disputes having arisen betw een the said Trustees and the Persons passing through the Toll-gates erected on the said Roads, in relation to Hay, Green Hop-poles, and several other Things, the said Persons infilling on an Exemption from the Payment of Toll, and the said Trustees infilling on the Payment of Toll for the fame; and an Action having been brought against the Keeper of One of the said Gates, upon a Tryal had, at the last Lent Assizes for the County of Kent, a Verdict; passed against (he said Keeper; whereby the Revenue, arising by the said Tolls, is so diminished, that the said

Trustees

512

23° Januarii. A. 1735.

TVuflees are not able to lay out Ytoney fufTicient to repair the Hoads intended to be repaired by the said Act, and are little more than able to pay the Interest of £. 1000 by them, at several times, borrowed, upon the Security of the several l olls arising from the said A6fc, and the Salaries of their Toll-keepers, and other necessary Officers; so that they shall not be able, during the Continuance of the said Act, to pay off, and discharge, the said Debt of£. 1,000, much less repair the said Road, as was intended by the said Act, without the further Assistance of this House: And therefore, and that the said Trustees may be enabled not only to pay off, and discharge, the said Debt of^. 1,000, but also to repaired enlarge the said Roads, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining and amending the said Act, with regard to the Particulars before mentioned to have been in Contest, and such others as shall be thought proper by this House; or that such other Relief may be given in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Finch, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Christopher Powell, Mr. Folk ill, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Hen. Archer, Mr. Brereton,<Lord Middlesex, Mr. Horse-monden Turner, Sir Robert Browne, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Plumptre, Captain Gough, Mr. Brajfcy, Mr. Papiilon, Sir Charles Vernon, Mr. Longiieville, Mr. Leheupe, Mr. Lyttelton, Sir Geo. Cafevatl, Mr. Corbett\ Mr Conyers, M v.Conduit t, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Byng, Mr. Piers, Mr. Par fans, Mr. Hay, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Robert Hacks, Mr. Bacon, Lord Gage, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Plumer, Lord Noel Somerset,

Mr. Erejkine, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Fere, Mr. Cof-ter, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Archer, Mr. Willimolt, Lord Poize arth, Mr. Digby, Sir Thomas Hales, Lord Morpeth, Sir Robert Rich, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Packer, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Shut/leworth, Lord John Sackville,; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent and Sussex: and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday, ’That his Majesty would be gra-cioufiy pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House the several Estimates, Lift, State, and Accounts, therein mentioned, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty bad commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions to the proper Officers to lav the same before this House.

Sir Charles Wager, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, the Ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1736: And also,

An Estimate of the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships, for the Year 1736: And also,

An Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on the 31st. December 1735.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The Ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1736, is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And the Abstract thereof is as follows; viz.

Anhvtr < Add ref*.

Navr

Fflimaie.

See.

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy for the Year 1736.

1. To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High

Admiral o(Great Britain, &e. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, and Instruments, and Contingencies relating the reto

2. Superannuated Sea Officers -

3. PenGons, and other Allowances

4. f Chatham ——

5. Deptford -

6. Yards J Woolwich ——

7. \ Portsmouth -

8. Sheer ness -

9. ^Plymouth -

10. Muster-niafters, and other Officers of the Out Ports - - w

11. Wages to the Ships and Vessels in ordinary -

12. Victuals to the Officers and Men serving therein -

13. Charge of the Harbour Moorings -

14. Ordinary Repairs of his Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, Build-

ings, SsC.....-----

}$. Ordinary Charge of fiek and hurt Seamen - -

16. Half-pay to Sea Officers

s.

- - 2 8,062 14

L s. d

5>I09 3.557 12 15 d\ 8,667 7

3>5° 7 7 1

3.082 11 4

2,521 8 8 I

4>iC-t M 6 I Oi VO

1.813 4 6 I

2,506 5 6 J 1

- - - 3.623 .5

- 30,712 6

- - 13.450 5

d.

24,084 —

60,005 — 1,068 15 30,000, —

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1736

217,269 4 10

To which may be added,

For defraying the Expence in maintaining, in the Royal Hospital of Greenwich, an additional^ Number of disabled Seamen taken, and to be taken, into it, who are worn out, and become decrepit, in the Service of their Country, there being now Nine hundred poor Seamen main-A tamed in the said Hospital5 as also for a sufficient Number of NurseS, being the Widows of / Officers, and poor Seamen; and for carrying on the Buildings, and other Incidents, of the said Hospital; for the Year 1736; Ten thousand Pounds

10,000

And then the Total of the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1736, amounts toi

Two hundred twenty-seven thousand Two hundred Sixty-nine Pounds Four Shillings/^. 227,269 and Ten Pence ----- - j....._..

4 10

Richard Haddock, Ja. Aavorlh, Thomas Pear/e, J. JEatvler, Geo. Piiwis.

The

9 Geo. II*

230 Januarii.

5i3

The Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on the 31st December 1735, is as follows; viz.

Navy Office, 7 Ax ESTIM ATE of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter 23d January 1735.] mentioned, as it flood on the 31st of December 1735.

H E A D S or the NAVAL ESTIMATES.

Particulars.

Wear and Tear, ordinary and extraordinary Repairs:

TOTAL.

d.

S.

d.

Due, to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the course of the Navy, for Stores, &c. supplied for the Service thereof -

To pay off and discharge all the Bills, registered on the said Course, for Premiums allowed by Act of Parliament on Naval Stores -

For Freight of Tenders, and for Stores delivered into his Majesty’s several Yards, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1735; and also, to several Bills of Exchange -

To his Majesty’s Yards, and Rope-yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary thereof -

For Half-pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment, made by his late Majesty in Council, on that behalf -

145*876-----

11,460-----

) 369*75911

25,017 —

169,480-----

17,926 n 3

Seamens Wages:

Due, to pay the Men, <Sfc. unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off -

To Ships in Sea Pay on the abovesaid 31st of December 1735 -

To discharge and pay off all the Bills, entered in Course for Pilotage, Surgeons Necessaries, Bounties to Widows and Orphans of Men flain at Sea, Kc. on the Head of Seamens Wages

37,406 4 2f 525,461-----

) 579*7®° 4

16,913-----__

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for short Allowance to the Companies of his Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off

For paying off all the Bills, entered on their Course

For necessary Money, extra-necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies -

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed in the several Ports -

25*583 13 — 79,504 17 6£

2,850 14 4i

10,503 4 8

118,442 9 7

Sick and Hurt, the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for the Quarters and Cure of sick and hurt Seamen, sent ashore from his Majesty’a Fleet, and the Contingencies relating to the said Service -

*7>5i9 *3 5

The Total amounts to the Sum of One Million Eighty-five thousand Five hundred One Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Five Pence Three Farthings -

From whence, deducting the Money in the Treasurer’s Hands, -And also the Money that has been since received, and what remains to be issued

The net Debt will then be Four hundred ninety-one thousand Three hundred Sixty-one Pounds Nine Shillings and Eight Pence -

as dn the other Side

1,085,501 18 5J

594,140 8 9

- £’ I 49'>36* 9 8

fiichard Haddock, Ja. Ackworth, Thomas Pearfe, Geo. Purvis, J , Ro. Byng.

Vol. 22.

6 P

Memorandum;

by (

Memorandum: There was Remaining in the late and present Treasurers of the Navy’s Hands, on the 31st December 1735, in Money, as under mentioned, and may

be reckoned towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy;

(-n

i — i

4

In what TREASURERS Hands. In RIOJNEY. Wear and Tear, and Ordinary. On the Heads of Seamens Wages. Victuals. TOTAL.

Trustees for Mr. Hampden's Estate - Right honourable Pattee Lord Viscount 1 Torrington - - - j Right honourable Ar. Onjlozv Esquire - In Money - - - - -I11 Money - D% towards the Debt of sick and hurt Seamen ----- In Money ----- D° towards the Debt of sick and hurt Seamen - L- £ * d-2,444 8 3 12,483 3 7i £ * d. 25,251 13 af 6,179 11 i<4 73 13 5 31,148 8 5 2,091 16 n £ * 629 9 6 16 11 5^ - - .5 7,938 12 1 q - - -S £ s- d. 25,881 2 8| 8,714 5 5* 53,662 11 '

14,927 12 3 £ O OO 10 <sD 8,58413 1* 88,257 9 if 5J:

sts

N. B. There remained, on the 31st December last, to come in of the Supplies of the Year

£. s. d. 505,882 19 7

Of which there has been since received; viz.

8th January 1735. For Haifa Year’s Pay to the Navy, and Victualling Yards, due Michaelmas last For making Payments on the Head of Seamens Wages -

£. s. d.

*S3£ 2 -} .9

H-4

<1

U)

So that, at this time, there remains to be issued the Sum of - £. 323,456 — 6

The ESTIM ATE of the Buildings, RebuHdings, and Repairs of Ships, for the Year 173^> *s as follows; viz*

Navy Office, 20th January 1735.

An E ST I MATE of the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, at his Majesty’s Yards, over and above what are proposed to be done on the Head of Wear and Tear, and are not included in the Ordinary Estimate for the Navy, for the Year 1736; prepared in pursuance of Dire6iions from the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, signified by Letter, of the 3d Instant, from Mr. Burchett, their Lordships Secretary; viz.

ABSTRACT.

For the Hulls of the Ships For Rigging, and Stores -

54,579

5,588

Total - - £. 60,167

VO

a

m

o

N° Nature of Time when to be Lftimate of the Charge of their 1

PLACE Where. SHIPS Names. r \ r ' i TOTAL.

of Guns. their Repairs. Taken in Hand. Completed. Hulls. Rigging, and Stores,

# £ I

Deptford - - - - 80 Boyne - Rebuilding - Building - - / Rebuilding - 3 ( Uncertain - - 4,000 - j 4,000

60 New Ship, in lieu of the Burlington In Hand - - j 1 April next - - 1,502 4,178 ! 5»68o

Lyon ' - Uncertain - - 4,000 4,000

Woolwich - - -v 9° Duke 1 In Hand - - *) Aprit next - 3 ( 7,000 - 7,000

80 Cumberland ~ ~ f Rebuilding - } Uncertain - < 7,000 - 7,000

70 Suffolk J ( 2,000 - 2,000

Chatham - - - 9° Prince - Large Repair November next] T Tnrpptmn _ S 2,000 - 2,000

70 Elizabeth - Rebuilding - May next - j 1ILCI let 1 .1 5,000 4»361 - 5>°°o

Nassau - Large Repair Next Month - January next - 839 5,200

Portsmouth - 100 9° Vittory 7 George J Rebuilding - In Hand - - Uncertain - 8.500 6.500 8,500 j 6,500

Plymouth 60 New Ship, in lieu of the Jersey \ D®, in lieu of the Weymouth f Building- - In Hand - May next - -March next - 3,250 466 454 117 I 2,704 583

- Total - - £. 54*579 60,167

00

Q

1

0

1

Piz* The Sum of Sixty thousand One hundred and Sixty-seven Pounds.

Richard Haddock, Ja. Aczcorth, Thomas Pearfe, G. Purvis, J. Faider.

Cn

HH

Or

Spanish Depredations on British Trade.

23° Januarii. 1735*

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sir Thomas LyttletoP, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, of the 14th Day of May, in the last Session of Parliaments Copies of the several Repre-fentations, Memorials, or Petitions, made to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, fmce the 25th of March 1725, which have not already been laid before this House, relating to any Losses sustained by his Majesty’s Subjects, by Depredations committed by the Spaniards, in Europe or America; together with all Copies or Extracts of any Letters, from any of the British Governors in America, Consuls in Europe, or any Commanders in Chief, or Captains of his Majesty’s Ships of War, to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, which have not already been laid before this House; and also, Copies or Extracts of all Letters written, or Instructions given, by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, to any of the Governors of the British Plantations, or any Commanders in Chief, or Captains of his Majesty’s Ships of War, which have not already been laid before this House, relating to the said Losses sustained by the said Depredations; together with a Schedule of the said Copies or Extracts.

And the said Schedule was read; and is follows; viz.

N° 1. Copy of Instructions to the honourable Charles Stewart Esquire, Commander in Chief of his Majesty’s Ships at Jamaica, dated 5th August 1729.

2. Copy of further Instructions to him, dated 12th February, 1729.

3. Copy of Instructions to Captain Davers, of the Dolphin, dated 12th February 1729:

The like to Captain Jones, of the Phcenit:

The like to Captain Toller, of the Pearl:

The like to Captain Barnejley, of the Scarborough: The like to Captain Mayne, of the Biddeford.

4. Copy of Instructions to Sir Yelverton Peyton, Captain of the Greyhound, dated 12th of February 1729.

5. Copy of Instructions to Captain Jones, of the Phoenix, dated 13th February 1729:

The like to Captain Mayne, of the Biddeford:

The like to Captain Barnejley, of the Scarboro'.

6. Copy of Instructions to Sir Yelverton Peyton, Captain of the Greyhound, dated 14th of February 1729. '

7. Copy of Instructions to the honourable Charles Steioart Esquire, dated 29th September 1730:

The like to Captain Jones, of the Phoenix:

The like to Captain Barnejley, of the Scarboro’;

The like to Captain Warren, of the Solebay:

The like to Captain Protheroe, of the Bland ford:

The like to Captain Norris, of the Loweftqffe:

The like to Captain Gascoign, of the Aldborough: The like to Sir Yelverton Peyton, of the Greyhound: The like to the Right honourable the Lord Aubiy Beauclerk, Captain of the Ludlow Castle, dated 14th May 173 j:

The like to Captain Baker, of the Sea-horje. x

8. Copy of Instructions to Captain Norris, of the Lowejltffe, dated 2d October 1730:

The like to Captain Arnold, of the Fox.

9. Copy of Instructions to the honourable Charles Stewart Esquire, dated 4th November 1730.

10. Extract of Instructions to the honourable Charles Stewart Esquire, dated 3d March 1730.

11. Extract of Instructions to Captain Edwards, of the Rye, dated 3d March 1730.

12. Copy of Instructions to Captain Marwood, of the Lime, dated 2id March 1730.

13. Copy of Instructions to the honourable Charles Stewart Esquire, dated 5th June 1731.

14. Copy of his Grace the Duke of Newcajlk's Letter, dated 3d June 1731.

15. Copy of Instructions to Captain Griffin, of the Shoreham, dated 5th June 1731.

16. Copy of Instructions to the Right honourable Lord Aubreij Beauclerk, Captain of the Ludlow Castle, dated 5th June 1731.

17. Copy of Instructions to Captain Warren, of the Solebay, dated 5th June 1731:

Copy of Instructions to Sir Yet-verton Peyton, of the Grey-hound, dated 5th June 1731: The like to Captain Protheroe, of the Bland ford:

The like to Captain Gascoigne, of the A Id boro’ .*

The like to Captain Norris, of the Loweftqffe:

The like to Captain Arnold, of the Fox.

The same of Captain Warren's of the ( like Date:

These Orders were of the same Tenor with that to Mr. / Stewart, of the ' 3othO#otari73i:

18. Copy of Instructions to the honourable Charles Sleioart Esquire, dated 30th October 1731.

19. Copy of the Memorial of the Directors of the South Sea Company to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, dated 5th October 1731.

20. Extract of a Letter to them, from their Agents at Havanna, dated 15th July 1731:

Copy of Instructions to Captain Warren, of the Solebay, dated 30th October 1731: The like to Sir Yelverton Pcy ton, of the Greyhound:

The like to Captain Norris, of the Loweftqffe:

The like to Captain Arnold, of the Fox:

The like to Captain Protheroe, of the Bland ford:

The like to Captain Gascoigne, of the Aldboro':

The like to Captain Baker, of the Sea - hoise:

The like to the Right honourable the Lord Aubrey Beauclerk, Captain of the Ludlow Castle.

21. Copy of Instructions to Captain Drake, of the Goshort, dated 10th November 1731:

The like to Captain Douglas, of the Phoenix:

The like to Capiain Bennet, of the Flamborough:

The like to Captain St. Lo, of the/Experiment:

The like to Captain Aubin, of the Deal Castle:

The like to Captain Orchard, of the Wolf Sloop.

22. Copy of Instructions to the honourable Charles Stewart Esquire, dated 15th January 1731:

23. Copy of Instructions to the honourable Charles Stewart Esquire, dated 21st February 1731.

24. Copy of 111structions to Captain St. Lo, of the Experiment, dated 21st February 1731:

The like to Captain Orchard, of the Wolf Sloop:

25. Copy of Instructions to the honourable Charles Stewart. Esquire, dated 6th April 1732:

26. Extract of further Instructions to him, dated 6th April 1732.

27. Extractof Instructions to Richard Lcstock Esquire, Commander in Chief of his Majesty’s Ships at Jamaica, dated 6th April 1732.

28. Copy of further Instructions to him, dated 6th April 1732.

29. Extract of Instructions to Sir Chaloner Ogle, Commander in Chief of his Majesty’s Ships at Jamaica, dated 16th June 1732.

30. -Copy of further Instructions to him, dated 5th July 1732.

31. Copy of Instructions to Captain Tozvry, of the Success, dated 9th November 1732.

32. Copy of Instructions to Sir Chaloner Ogle, dated 20th November 1732:

The

1

9 Geo. II.

2 30 Januarii.

5i?

The like lo il ic Right honourable Lord Aubrey Beau-c/crA*, Captain of the Ludlo:c Castle:

The like to (upturn Baler, of the Sai-horse:

The like to Captain Gascoign, of the A/dborough: The like to Captain Anion, of the Sijuirrcl:

The like to Captain Ling, of the Seaford:

The like to Captain Durc/l of the Smrburu:

The like to Captain Pear/e, of the II in c he flea:

The like to Captain Media/, of the (Gibraltar.

3J. Copy of InUrurtionb to Sir Chaloner Ogle, dated 1 Sth September,) 733.

34. Copy of further Infmictions to him, dated 13th February 1733.

35- Copy of Instru#ions to Captain Dent, Commander in Chief of his Majesty's Sliijis at Jamaica dated lpth February 1734

36. Extract of a J^etter from Captain Toller, of the Pearl, to Mr. Burchett, dated the 24th February 17.18; with

37. Copy of the Petition of Hi Ilia m 11 ilfcm, Matter of the Ship Pheasant, carried into Porto Rico, the 30th January 1 7 28.

35. Extract ot a Letter from Rear Admiral St. Lo to Mr. Burchett, dated 12th March 1 7.:S.

39. Extract of a I jet ter from Captain May nr, of the Biddeford, to Mr. Burc/utt, dated n th April 17 jo.

40. Copy of a L< uer from Captain Funster, of the Dur/Ly Galley, to Mr. Burchett, dated 13th Mav 1729.

41. Extract of a letter from the honourable C//<//7cjr Stncart Efjuire to Mr. Burchett9 dated 1 itJi A number 17 Jo; with

42. Copy of a le tter from Alexander Cupptes, Matter of the Joseph and Anne, carried into Culm, to his Merchant at Jamaica, dated 1 jth October 1720; and.

43- Of hi> Second Letter to hi> Merchant, of the same Date.

44. Extract of a Letter from Captain Wo, of the Mary Galley, to Mr. Barela tt, Jill Svrember 1729.

43. Extract ot a letter from the honourable Charles Stewart Esquire to Mr. Burchett, dated juth Xovcmber 17^9.

4b. Ext act of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stncart to Mr. Burc/utt, dated 30th December 1729; with

47. Copy of a Letter from Story King, Matter of a Guinea Ship, canicd into S. Duimngo, to his Merchants at Jamaica, dated 9th June 1719.

48. Copy of his Second Letter to them, dated lith July 1739:

40. C opy of the Deposition of Lane Whitehall, Matter of the Sloop Loyal George, relating to the Capture of Four English Vessels: and

50. Tranilution of a Letter to Rear Admiral Stewart, from the Deputy Governor of A. Jo go dc Cuba, dated the 3th December 1729, N. S.:

51. Copy of a Petition from Mr. Samuel Bonham, and others, concerned in the Ann Galley, carried into St. Jago de Cuba 18th June 172S, delivered 22d January 1729.

.52. Copy of a Petition from the Owners and Freighters of the Ship Dolphin, carried into St. Domingo the loth of June 172S, delivered 13th February 1729: 53. Copy of a Petition from Mr. Robert Hack/hair, in behalf of himself, and others, concerned in the Ship Beaver, carried into Porto Rico the 29th of August 1728, delivered 13th February 1729.

34. Extra# of a Le tter from Captain Barnsley, of the Scarborough, to Mr. Burchett, dated 28th April 1730.

33. Extra# of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to Mr. Burchett dated 10th May 1730.

30. Extra# of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to Air. Burchett, dated 29th May 1730; with

37. Copy of the Information of I Cm. A unis, Matter of the Hannah Hope Brigat. detained and robbed 17th May 1730; and 58. Copy of the Information of Daniel Jennings, Maf; ter of the Nymphct Sloop, who was chafed by Two Vol. 22.

Spanijli Sloops, but out-failed them, the 28th of May Spanifti

173^* G Depredations

39. Extra# of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to ?n R.rltl<l1 Mr. Burchett, dated otlj June 1730; with A,a e'

bo. Copy ot a letter to the Rear Admiral from the Merchants of Kingston, 28th Ma\j 1730; and

hi. Copy of his Letter to the Governor ot'Cartegena, dated 9U1 June 1730.

62. Extra# of a letter from Rear Admiral Steuart to Mr. Burchett, dated 2d .////// 1730; with

hj. Extra# of a Letter to him from Captain Lloyd\ of the Happy Sloop, dated 2d June 1730.

64. Extra# of a Letter from Rear Admiral Steuart to Mr. Burchett, dated 3th July 1730.

(>3. Extra# of a Letter from Captain Barn/ley, of the Scar boro', to Mr. Burchett, dated (Jth July 1730.

do. Extra# of a Letter from Captain Barn/ley, of the Scar boro' to Mr. Burc/utt, dated oth Xovcmber 1730.

07. Extra# of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to Mr. Burchett, dated pth Xovnnber 1730; with

08. Copy of the Depolilions o i I I’m. Ben fen. Mailer and Thomas Evertd, Boutiwain, of the Mary Snow, taken in October lait.

69. Extra# of a Ixtter from (-uptain Xorris, of the Lou estoffe, to Mr. Burchett, 23d December 1730.

70. Extract of a le tter from Rear Admiral Stewart to Mr. Burchett, dated 29th December 1730: with

71. Copy of u Second Dcposition of II m. Benson,

Matter of the Mary Snow

72. Extra# of a I a tter from Rear Admiral Stewart to Mr. Burchett, dated 13th January 1730; with

73. Truullation of a Letter to him from the General of the Galleons at Cartagena, dated the 23d of December 1730, N . S. and

74. Tnmllatiun of a Second Letter to him, dated the 3d o(January 1731, N. S.

73. Extruet of a Letter from Rear Admiral St excart to Mr. Burchett, Hated 23d January 1730.

70. Extra# of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to Mr. Burchett, dated Jth Match 1730; with

77. Copy of the Representation to him from the South Sai Factors at Jamaica, in relation to the Trade, dated 4th March 1730:

78. Copy of the Declaration of the Lieutenant, Matter, and// ///. Benson, of their Treatment at Porto Rico9 dated 24th February 1730:

79. Tranilution of a Letter to Rear Admiral Steuart from the Governor of St. Jago de Cuba, dated 6th

.March 1731, N. S.:

80. C opy of a Letter to the Governor of Porto Rico from Captain Reddish, of the Experiment, dated the 31st of January 1730; and

81. Translation of the Governor of Porto Rico's Answer thereto, dated 13th February 1731, N. S.

S‘2. Extract of a Letter from Captain Xorris, of the Lowesto/le, to Mr. Burchett, dated 23th March 1731.

83. Extra# of a Letter from Captain Warren, of the Solebay, to Mr. Burchett, dated 23th April 1731.

84. Extra# of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to Mr. Burchett, dated bth May 1731.

85. Extra# of a Letter f rom Rear Admiral Stewart to Mr. Burchett, dated 12th May 1731.

86. Extra# of a Letter from Coiiful Tucker at Alicant, dated 16th May 1731.

87. Extra# of a Letter from Captain Solgard, of the Hector, to Mr. Burchett, dated 24th May 1731.

88. Extra# of a Letter from Lieutenant Ogilvie, commanding Officer of the Lark, to Mr. Burchett, dated 4th May 1731.

89. Extra# of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to Mr. Burchett, dated 30th May 1731.

go. Extra# of a letter from Lieutenant Ogilvie, of the Lark, to Mr. Burchett, dated 7th June 1731.

91. Extra# of a Letter from Captain Solgard, of the Hector, to Mr. Burchett, dated 13th June 1731.

92. Extra# of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to Mr. Burchett, dated 2d August 1731; with

6 Q 93-

518 23* Januarii. 1735

De^redatiout 93- ^opy of the Deposition of Joseph Morgan, late on British*1* Matter of the Jacob Sloop, and others, seized in Trade. Jufi/ last.

94. Extract of a Letter from the Consul at Alicant to Mr. Burchett, dated 29th August 1731:

95. Extract of a Letter from Captain Barnsley, of the Scarborough, to Mr. Burchett, dated 10th September 1731; with,

96. Copy of a Letter from the Matter of the Snow, called the Biddy of Bristol, carried into Porto Rico 18th April 1731.

97. Extra# of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to Mr. Burchett dated 14th September 1731; with,

98. Copy of a Letter from the South Sea Fa#ors at St. Jago de Cuba to the Governor of Jamaica, dated 18th August 1731; and,

99. Copy of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to the Governor of the Havana, dated 12th September 1731.

100. Copy of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stexvart to Mr. Burchett, dated 22d September 1731.

101. Extra# of a Letter from Captain Swale, of the Spence Sloop, to Mr. Burchett, dated 26th September 1731-

102. Extract of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to Mr. Burchett, dated 14th October 1731.

103. Extra# of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to Mr. Burchett, dated 3iftO<2oier 1731, with,

104. Copy of the Deposition of JVm. Joy, Matter of the Prince William Sloop, taken 9th September 1731; and,

X05. Copy of the Deposition of James RobinfoU, Mate of the said Sloop.

106. Extract of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to Mr. Burchett, dated 19th November 1731; with,

107. Copy of the Depositions of Henry Allen, John Earl, and others, Passengers from Barbadoes to North Carolina, in the Dolphin Sloop, taken off

Turk's Island in July last.

108. Extract of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to Mr. Burchett, dated 4th December 1731.

109. Extract of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to Mr. Burchett, dated 20th December 1731; with,

110. Translation of a Letter to him from the Governor of the Havanna, dated 10th November 1731, N. S; and,

111. Of the said Governors Second Letter of the same Date:

112. Translation of a Letter to him from the Governor of St Jago de Cuba, dated 7th December 1731; and,

113. Of the said Governor's Second Letter in the same Month.'

114. ExtraCfc of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stexvart to Mr. Burchett, 9th January 1731; with,

115. Copy of the Deposition of John Thompson, Matter of the Michael Brigantine, concerning Captures.

116. Extract of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to Mr. Burchett, dated 14th January 1731*

117. Extract of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to Mr. Burchett, dated 24th January 1731.

118. Extract of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to Mr. Burchett, dated 15th March 1731; with,

119. Copy of a Letter to him from the South Sea Factors at St. Jago de Cuba, dated 30th January 1732. N. S.

120. Extract of the Journal of Captain Swale, of the Rye, of the 4th February 1731:

121. Extract of a Letter to Rear Admiral Stewart from Captain Owen, of the Shark Sloop, dated 4th March 1731:

122. Extract of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to Mr. Burchett, dated 19th March 1731.

123. Extract of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stexvart to Mr. Burchett, dated 26th March 1732.

124. Extract of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart Mr. Burchett, dated 4th April 1732 j with,

125. Extract of a Letter to him from Captain Griffin, of the Shoreham, dated 30th March 1732.

126. Extract of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stexvart to Mr. Burchett, dated 21st April 1732.

127. Extract of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stexvart to Mr. Burchett, dated 28th April 1732: with,

128. Translation of the Commission of the Captain of a Guarda Costa taken by the Shoreham.

129. Extract of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to Mr. Burchett, dated 25th May 1732.

130. Extract of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to Mr. Burchett, dated 14th of June 1732.

131. Extract of a Letter from Captain Anson, of the Squirrell, to Mr. Burchett, dated 24th June 1732.

132. Extract of a Letter from Captain Aubin, of the

Deal Castle, to Mr. Burchett, dated 30th June 1732; with,

133. Copy of Rear Admiral Stewart's Orders to him for reclaiming the Ship Woolball:

134. Copy of Captain Aubin1s Letter to the Governor of Campeachy, dated 23d April 1732:

135* Translation of the Governor of Mexico's Answer thereto, dated 27th May 1732; N. S. and,

136. Copy of the Depositions of Second Mate and Boatswain of the Pink Samuel and Molly, dated 6th May 1732.

137. Extract of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to Mr. Burchett, dated 5th July 1732; with,

138. Copy of his Letter to the Governor of the Havana, dated 6th April 1732; and,

139. Translation of the Governor's Answer thereto, dated the 26th May 1732. N. S.

140. Extract of the Proceedings of Captain Douglas, of the Phoenix, sent to the Havana:

141. Translation of the GovgCnors lft Letter to Captain Douglas, dated 23d Mfay 1732. N. S.

142. Translation of the Govern^S 2d Letter to Captain Douglas, dated 28th M§y 1732. N. S.

143. Copy of a Letter to Rear Anmiral Stewart from the South Sea Factor at the Havana:

144. Copy of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to the Governor of St. Jago de Cuba, dated 2d May 1732:

145. Translation of the Governors Answer thereunto, dated 18th May 1732. N. S. and

146. Copy of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to the Governor of the Havana, dated 5th June 1732.

147. Extract of a Letter from Richard Lestock Esquire to Mr. Burchett, dated 16th July 1732.

148. Extra# of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to Mr. Burchett, dated lyth July 1732; with,

149. Copy of his Letter to the Governor of Sta Martha, dated 28th May 1732:

150. Translation of the Governor’s Answer thereto, dated 6th July 1732. N. S.

151. Copy of Rear Admiral Stewart's Letter to the Governor of Cartagena, dated 10th June 1732; and,

152. Translation of the Governor’s Answer thereto, dated 16th July 1732. N. S.

153. Extra# of a Letter from Richard Lestock Esquire to Mr. Burchett, dated 21 ft July 1732. with,

154. Copy of a Letter to him from Lieutenant Windham, dated 3d July 1732:

155* Copy of the Account of Lieutenant Forbes's Proceedings with the Governor of Porto Rico, from the 4th to the 6th July 1732:

156. Copy of Mr. Lestock's Letter to the Governor of Porto Rico, dated 14th July 173 2. N. S.

157. Translation of the Governor’s Answer thereto, of the same Date:

158. Translation of the Governor’s Letter to his Catholic Majesty:

159. Copy of Mr. Lestock's Second Letter to the Governor, dated 15th July 1732. N. S.

160. Translation of the Governor’s A.nfwer thereto, of the same Date:

161. Copy

9 Geo. II.

230 Janu

5*9

161. Copy of Mr. Lestock*s 3d Loiter to the Governor, dated 16th July 1732: i6e. Translation of the Governor’s Answer thereto, of the same Date:

163. Copy ofMr. Lestock* s 4th Letter to the Governor, dated 17 July 1732; and,

164. Translation of the Governor* Answer thereto, of the Cnne Date.

165. ExtraS of a Letter from Mr. Lestock to Mr. Burchett, dated 8th August 1732.

166. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Lestock to Mr. Bur-chett, dated ad September 1732; with,

167. Translation of a Memorial to him from the Supercargo of the Register Ship Dichofa, fezied off Cam-peachy by the Deal Castle:

108. Copy of the Memorial of the South Sea Agents at Jamaica to Mr. Lestock concerning the Seizure of the Register Ship Dichofa:

169. Copy of the Memorial to him of several Merchants at Jamaica relating the reto:

170. Translation of a Letter to Rear Admiral Stewart from the Governor of Campcachy, dated 9 July 1732. N. S.

171. Translation of a Letter to Lieutenant David Cheap, of the Deal Castle, from the Governor of Campeachy.

172. Extract of a Letter from Sir Chaloner Ogle to Mr. Burchett, dated 3d September 1732.

173. ExtraS of a Letter from Sir Chaloner Ogle to Mr. Burchett, datedb4th September 1732.

174. ExtraS of a Letter from Captain Griffin, of the Shorthorn, to Mr. Butxhett, dated 27th September 1732

175. ExtraCI of a Letter from Captain Anson, of the Squirrel, to Mr. Burchett, dated 28th September 1732; with,

176. Copy of the Protest of the Master of the Hannah and Lydia Sloop, and others plundered the ift of September 1732.

177. ExtraS of a Letter from S\v Chaloner Og!e to Mr. Burchett, 24th January 1732; with,

178. Translation of a Letter to bi in from the Governor of St. Domingo, dated 28th December 1732. N. S.

179. Translation of the Governors Second Letter, dated *20th December 1732. X. S.

180. ExtraS of a Letter from Sir Chaloner Ogle to Mr. Burchett% dated 2.5th March 1733.

181. Extractofa Letter from Captain Durell, of the Scarborough, to Mr. Burchett, dated 25th April 1733.

J82. Extract of a Letter from Sir Chaloner Ogle to Mr. But'chctt, dated 10th May 1733; with,

183. Translation of a Letter to him from the Governor of St. Jago dt Cuba, dated 6th March 1733. N. S.

184. Extract of a Letter from Sir Chaloner Ogle to Mr. Burchett, dated 2ill May 1733.

185. Extract of a Letter from Sir Chaloner Ogle to Mr. Burchett, dated 2Sth June 1733.

186. ExtraS of a Letter from Captain Reddish of the Fox, to Mr. Burchett, dated jth July 1733; with,

187. Copy of the Deposition of Richard Crarcden, concerning the Industry and Endeavour Sloops taken 14th of May 1733-

188. ExtraS of a Letter from Sir Chaloner Ogle to Air. Burchett, dated 6th January 1733.

180. ExtraS of a Letter from Sir Chaloner Ogle to Mr. Burchett, dated 17th March 1733; with,

190. Translation of a Letter to him from the Governor of Mexico, dated ill August 1733. N. S.

191. Copy of Sir Chaloner Ogle’s Answer thereto,

" dated 11 th February 1733; and,

192. Translation of a Letter to him from the Governor of Porto Rico, dated 6th March 1734. N. S.

193. ExtraS of a Letter from Sir Chaloner Ogle to Mr. Burchett, dated 4th June 1734.

194. ExtraS of a Letter from Captain Rtddish, of the Fox, to Mr. Burchett, dated 14th July 1734; with

Vol. 22.

195. Copy of the Deposition of die Master and Super- Spanift

cargo of the Friends Adventure, taken 24th March o^brhiTh

1,733* TFadv.

196. ExtraS of a letter from Sir Chaloner Ogle to Mr. Burchett, dated 6th December 1734.

197. ExtraS of a letter from Sir Chaloner Ogle to Mr. Burchett, dated ntli January 1734.

198. ExtraS of a Letter from Mr. Burchett, to Rear Admiral St. Lo, dated 7th April 1729.

199. ExtraS of a Letter from Mr. Burchett, to Rear Admiral St. Lo, dated 15th May 1729.

200. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Forrester of the Durs/ey Galley, dated Sth July 1729.

201. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett, to Captain Toller, of the Pearl, dated 16th of December 1729.

202. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Mr.

Samuel Bonham, dated 23d January 1729.

203. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Sir John Eyles, dated 6th February 1729.

204. ExtraS of a letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear Admiral Stewart, dated 13th February 1729.

205. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear Admiral Stewart, dated 17th February 17 29.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett, of the same Tenor and Date, to Sir Yelverton Peytgn, Captain of the Greyhound:

The like to Captain Jones of the Phoenix;

The like to Captain Barnsley of the Scarborough.

206. ExtraS of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear-Admiral Cavendish, dated 4th March 1729.

207. ExtraS of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Jones of the Phcenir, dated 2461 March 1729.

208. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Cockayne of the Garland, dated 4th November 1730.

209. ExtraS of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear Admiral Stewart, dated 17th February 1730.

210. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Jotiesol the Phceni r, dated 18th February 1730.

211. ExtraS of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear Admiral Stewart, dated 8th April 1731.

212. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear Admiral Stewart, dated 5th June 1731.

213. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Prot hey w, of the Bland ford, dated ill July 1731.

214. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Protheroe, of the Bland ford, dated loth September 1731-

215. ExtraS of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Consul Tucker at Alicant, dated 13th September 1731.

216. ExtraS of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear Admiral Stewart, dated 29th Ollobei' 1731.

217. ExtraS of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear Admiral Stewart, dated 2d November 1731.

218. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Drake of the G of port, dated 11 th November 1731.

The like to the Right honourable the Lord Aubry Beauclerk, Captain of the Ludlow Castle:

The like to Captain Baker of the Sea Horse.

219. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear Admiral Stewart 9 dated 11th November 1731.

2 20. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Drake of the Gosport, dated 11 th November 1731.

221. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to the Secretary of the South Sea Company, dated 12th November 1731-

222. ExtraS of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear Admiral Stewart, dated 21st December 1731.

223. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear Admiral Stewart, dated 15th of January 1731.

224. Copy of a Letter from Afr Burchett to Rear Admiral Steivart, dated 29th of January 1731.

225. ExtraS of a Letter from Mr. Bwxhett to Rear Admiral Stewart, dated 16th February 1731.

226. ExtraS of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Rear Admiral Stewart, dated 21 ft February 1731.

227. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Orchard, of the Woolf Sloop, dated 2?d February 1731.

228. Extras

Sutherland

Election.

Greenwich

Hospital.

520

23° Januarii. 1735.

228. Extra6t of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to R ar Admiral Stewart, dated 6th April 1732.

229. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Anson, of the Squirrel, dated 2d August 1732.

230. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Towry, of the Succc/s, dated 1 tth November 1732.

231. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Anson, of the Squirrel7, dated 3d January 1732.

232. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Charles DelaJ'aye Esquire, dated 21st June 1733.

233. Extra® of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Durell, of the Scarborough, dated 4th 1733.

234. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain JReddish, of the Far, dated the 18th September 1733.

235. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Reddish, of the Fox, dated 2d September 1734.

23b. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Brand, of the Newcastle, dated 3d Janizary 1734.

Ordered That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

House, a State of the Yearly Revenue and Expence of Greenwich Hospital.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account, ffiewing, how the Money granted last Session of Parliament, for Greenwich Hospital has been disposed of.

Ordered, That the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital do lay before this House, an Account of what Money has been received by him, on account of the said Hospital, from Christmas 1734 to Christmas 1735; and how the same has been applied.

Ordered, That the Treasurer of the Navy do lay before this House, an Account of what Money has been ordered by the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, and re ceived by him, for any Services of the Navy, from the 31st of December 173410 the 31 ft of December 1735; distinguishing the Times when the same was received, and the Services to which it was applied.

Naval

Services.

A Petition of Sir William Gordon Baronet was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was a Candidate at the last Election of a Cornmif* fioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Sutherland, which was held at Dornoch the 30th Day of May 1734: That Sir James Ferguson Baronet was also a Candidate at the said Election; though, as the Petitioner was informed, and does believe, he had no Estate in his own Right, in the said Shire; and that he was not infeoft in the Estate to which he pretended Right, till the 27th of November 1733; whereas he ought to have been infeoft and seised, and such Seisin registrate, One full Year before the Teste of the Writ for calling this present Parliament, pursuant to1 the Directions of the Statute of the 12th of Queen Anne, made in that behalf, or otherwise was incapable to be elected: That the said Sir James Ferguson his Qualification was objected to on both these Accounts, and was also insisted on to be proved by his own Oath, in manner as directed by the said Act: That his Right was in Trust; and he not appearing to remove the Objection, a Protest was taken, that he should be incapable of being elected Commissioner for the said Shire; and alleging, that the Petitioner was duly elected Commissioner to serve for the said Shire of Sutherland, at the said last Election, and was entitled to be returned; and that divers irregular and undue means were used before, and at, the said Election, by the High Sheriff of the said Shire, his Deputies, and his Agents, to procure a Majority of Votes for the said Sir James Ferguson: That nevertheless Sir John Gordon Baronet, Prcefes of the Meeting, and llofs Clerk thereof, and the Sheriff of the said Shire of Sutherland, have taken upon them to return the said Sir James Ferguson as duly elected Commissioner to serve in Parliament for the said Shire, notwithstanding of his Want, of a proper Qualification to elect, or be elected; to the Prejudice of the Petitioner, and Violation of the Right of the Electors: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall f'eem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition.be referred tQ the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter theredf; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the said C ommittee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition upon Friday the 2d Day of April next;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition upon Friday the 13th Day of March next.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, An Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31st of December 1734 to the 31st of December 1735, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what mustered, in the said Service.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were standing out at Christmas last, with the Names of the respective Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguishingeach Year; and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

Ordered, That the Proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of what Arrears of Duties upon Houses were standing out at Christmas last, with the Names of the respective Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguishing each Year; and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

A Petition of the Magistrates, Town Council, and Burgh of Stirling; and also,

A Petition of the Magistrates, Town Council, and Burgh of Dumferlin; severally complaining of the Return of Captain Peter Halket to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Inv erkei. thing, Stirling, Dumferlin, CulroJJe, and Queensferry; and alleging, That James Ereskine, of Grange, Esquire, was duly elected by the Delegates of the Burghs of Stirling9 Dumferlin, and Queensferry, being the Majority of the said Distri® of Burghs;

Were severally presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Charles Cochrane of Ofhiltrie, in the Shire of Air, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was a Candidate at the last Election of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Air, which was held at Air the 23d Day of May last: That the honourable Colonel James Campbell was also a Candidate at the said Election; though, as the Petitioner was informed, and does believe, he had not then any Estate in his own Right, in the said Shire, whereby he was capable of being elected a Member of Parliament: That, although personal Notice was given to the said Colonel Janies Campbell on the 17th Day of May last, that an Objection would be made at the time of the Ele®ion, that he was not qualified to be elected; and the said Objection was accordingly made; yet he did not think fit to appear; but, by divers undue Practices, procured himself to be returned as elected Commissioner to 23 serve

Seamen

employed.

Land and House Tax Arrears.

Inverkeithing, &c. Election

Air

Election.

Callifie*

lc, Nat.

9 Geo. IT* 230 —

serve in Parliament for the fuitl Shire: That the Petitioner was duly r le£h*d CommilT'oi.cr to serve for the said Shirr of Air, at the said last Ehrlion, anti \va* entitled to be returned; and several Protests were taken against the Election of the said Colonel James Campbell: And praying the House to take the Eremites into Confidemtion, and to give the Petitioner such Relief as to the House llmll feeni meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confidenition of the Committee of Privileges and FJeftions: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

JLurttey 26° die yanuarii;

Auno 9* Georgii II4' Ilegis, 1735.

P R A T T.M S.

A PETITION of Peter nncl Zachary Cahnar, was prefrnteH to the House, and read; left in c forth. That the Petitioners were born out of his Majesty* Allegiance, but haw always jjrofefled the true Protrstant Religion, and given testimony of their Loyalty to his Nlajrfiv: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered* Tlmt Leave he given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

yanuarii. 521

Sir Humphrey Hoivarth, \lr. Bradjltaigh, and Sir William Joltiffe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire Expiring what Laws are expired, or near expiring *, and to report kuws. their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued:

And it is referred to Mr. Hooper, Mr. Hen. Archer,

Sir Hon land A If on, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Bevan, Mr.

Bradfluiii, Sir Bubert Bromic, Mr. Hanbury Williams,

Mr. Lehenpr, Mr. Longue:die, Mr. Hungerford, Sir James S'afu.ith* Colonel ()n/lou\ Mr. Planter, Mr. WaU ter Pi unit r, Mr. are* Mr. Treby, Sir Hum. Ifuuarth,

Mr. 7may* Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Smelt, Mr. Hay, Lord L'ombiny, Sir John Bn/hvut* Mr. Kftnnston, Mr. Sandys Mr. lln licit* Sir Geo. Ca/icall, Mr. Gildarl, Lord Ptlicarih, Sir. Lloyd, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Bacon, Mr. J/umc Campbell, Sir John St Aubin,

Mr. Brereton, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. CoJIer, Sir James Grant, Mr. Corneieall, So John Hind Cot ten. Sir Ongley,

Mr. Gibbon* Mr. Duckett, Mr. Erejkiue, Sir Wm.Careiv,

Mr. Phillips *y ami all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and they are to report theit Proceedings, from time to time, to the House.

Mr. Smelt pr'fcnted to the House, pursuant to their Ordnance Addtvfs to his Maj.- Sly, an F.lliinate of the Charge of £u,mate* the Office of Oi inance for the ^ear 1736.

And the Title tlicrcoi was read.

The said Ultimate is as follows; viz.

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1736.

LAND SERVICE.

Ordinary of the Office, comprifing Repairs of Store-houfrs* Barracks, Elatfoms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, Rents, Salaries, and other incident Charges Dni hi aliments at Mahon, Gibraltar, Annapolis, Placentia, and Sorth Britain - -

Half-pay of the Officers that have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, Spain, and on several Expeditions -

EXTRAORDINARIES.

s. d.

38.835 7 6

9>9Gl 3 9

462 12 6

49,26° 3

d.

9

Towards carrying on the For- C Gibraltar fifientions Repairing off Mahon

Store houses, and supplying f j Annapolis

of Stores - - - J (Placentia

10,000 — —

5»°°o-----

700-----

300-----

16,000 — —

Si d*

Towards rebuilding and repairing the Fortifications at Sheerness Towards building and repairing the Fortifications at Portsmouth Towards carrying on the new Fortifications and Barracks at Fort Augustus, in the Highlands of Scotland -

One hundred Tons of Saltpetre -

Exceedings; for which no Allowance hath been made by Parliament.

Ordnance and Stores sent per his MajestyYL C Barbadoes -Order in Council, dated 3d Apr. 1735 -310 \ Leeivard Islands

3.000 -

5.000 -

a,000 — — 4,500-----

79,76a 3 §

3.725 6 4

865 7 4

-----4.59° x3 S

£ 84,350 17 5

"John Armstrong, Geo. Gregory, L. Smelt, W. R. Earle.

Vol. 23.

6R

Ordered

522

2 6° Januarii.

A. 1735.

*Wigtoun

County

Ek&on.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

A Petition of Alexander Macdmvall, of Garthland, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the late Election of a Representative to Parliament for the Shire of Wigtown, upon the 23d of May 1734, the honourable Colonel JV?n. Dalrymple, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates: That the said Colonel William Dalrymple, being sensible how necessary it was for the Purpose of his Election, to have the Prcefes and Clerk chosen of such as he could depend upon to be entirely under his Direction and Influence; and being likewise certain, that he should not be able to carry either of these, if the Votes of such were fairly demanded, as had an unqueflionableRight to vote in the Choice of Prcefes and Clerk; did, as Commissioner to the last Parliament, and, as such, authorized by Law toprefide in any Meeting of Freeholders, in order to their Election of a Representative to Parliament, before choosing of Prcefes and Clerk, in Concert with some others of his Associates, take upon him to call the Votes for Choosing of Prcefes and Clerk, by the Roll of the last Election in the Year 1727, excluding all other undoubted, Freeholders of the County, for no Reason, but because they Were not present at the last Election, though, as there was then no Struggle in the County, that Meeting did consist mostly of Colonel Dalnpnple's own Friends, who came there at his Desire; while other undoubted Freeholders, who had voted at former Elections, and flood upon the Roll, were not present: That the Act of Parliament in Scotland, 1681, expressly directs the Freeholders in the respective Counties to convene at Michaelmas ^yearly, to make up the Rolls of Freeholders: That, agreeable to the Terms of this Act, it was, by a late Resolution of the House of Commons, declared, That the Right of Election of a Prafes and Clerk is in such Personsas stand upon the Roll last made up by the Freeholders at the Michaelmas Head Court, or at the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament: That, in Consequence of the said Act and Resolution, the Rolls were regularly made up, by the Freeholders of the said County, at Michaelmas before the said Election: That these Rolls were the last made up, and every Person there inrolled was entitled to a Voice in the Choice of Prafes and Clerk at the said Election; notwithstanding of which, the said Colonel Dalrymple refused to call these Rolls, though often required; or to take the Vote of any*Freeholder, hut such as voted at his last Election in the Year 1727: That a Protest being taken in Form against this arbitrary and unjustifiable Proceeding; and the said Colonel IVm. Dalrymple being determined not to exercise, according to Law, the Power given him, as last Representative, to preside over the Freeholders in the Choice of Prafes and Clerk; the Majority of the Freeholders present, legally qualified to vote, empowered Patrick Mac/cie, Provost of the Burgh of Wigtoun, to supply his Place, and to take the Votes of all who had Voices for choosing Prafes and Clerk: That, thereupon, John Stewart, of Cafle Stewart, was duly elected Prafes, and John Dun, Writer in Wigtoun, was duly elected Clerk: That, by this, the only regularly constituted Meeting of the Freeholders at the said Election, the Petitioner waschofethe Representative of the said County in this present Parliament; and was accordingly returned, by the said John Dan, to Captain Andrew Agnezo, of Lochnaw, the High Sheriff, who refused to accept of a Return of the Petitioner from the said John Dun, but took a Return of the said Colonel William Dalrymple from Patrick Agnew, which lie has annexed to the Writ, and returned into the Court out of which the same issued; though the Election of the said Patrick Agnew to be Clerk, and the Constitution of that Meeting of Freeholders, by which the said Colonel Wm, Dalrymple pretended to be chose, were founded in Violation of a positive Act of Parliament, and in Defiance of a Resolution of the House of Commons: And praying the House to take the Premises into their

immediate Cousideration; and give the Petitioner such Relief as the Circumstances of the same require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Peter le Fevrc, Christopher Barton, and Daniel Biffon, did, in the Months of June and August last past, enter upon Part of the Estate of Richard Lockwood Esquire, a. Member of this House, in the County of Fffex; and that, by their Direction, John Bannisters, and others, did make a Cut through the Grounds belonging to the said Estate; in Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Captain John Dalrymple was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Distriftof Burghs of Wigtoun, Whithorn, New Galoway, and Stranrawer, appointed to be at Wigtoup, as the presiding Burgh of that District, on Satui'day the Eighteenth of May 1734, Patrick M'kie was chose Delegate for the Burgh of Wigtoun, by Part of the Magistrates and Town Council of that Burgh, amongst whom were the Right honourable James Earl of Galoway, and Alexander Lord Gaivies, his eldest Son, who were pre-» sent, and voted for the said Patrick APkie; and Alex* under Blain was chose a Delegate for the said Burgh of Wigtoun, by another Part of the Magistrates and Town Council of the said Burgh, whoobjefted to the Election of the said Patrick M'kie, he being chose by the Votes of the said James Earl of Galoway, and Alexander Lord Gairles, both of whom were by Law excluded, and incapable of voting in the Election of a Delegate; and protested against the Election of the said Patrick M'kie, as illegal: That John Stewart was elected

Delegate for the Burgh of Whithorn: That John M'courtie was elected Delegate for the Burgh of New Galoway: That John Gray was elected Delegate for the Burgh of Stranrawer: That John M'kie, Common Clerk of Wigtoun, was Clerk to the said Election: That the said John M'kie allowed the said Patrick M'kie to vote as Delegate for the said Burgh of Wigtoun, at the said Election, but refused to allow the said Alexander Blain to vote as Delegate for the said Burgh of IF/g-toun: That, at the said Election, John Stezvart, Delegate for the Burgh of Whithorn, objecterl against John M'courtie, Delegate for the Burgh of New Galoway, and Patrick M'kie, Delegate for the Burgh of Wigtoun, their voting in the Election of a Burgess for the said District of Burghs, because neither the Magistrates and Town Council of New Galozvay, nor of the Burgh of Wigtoun, had qualified themselves by taking the Oaths by Law appointed to be taken by them; and protested, that the Election of the said Two Delegates was void, and against their voting in the Election of a Burgess for the said District of Burghs: That, at the said Election, the Petitioner was duly elected Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said District of Burghs, and ought to have been returned: That, nevertheless, the said John M'kie Common Clerk of Wigtoun, has presumed to return the honourable Captain James Stewart, now Colonel James Stewart, for the said Distriftof Burghs, though he was no-ways duly elected Burgess aforesaid: That undue Influence, and other unlawful Means, have been used by the said Colonel James Stewart, his Agents or Abettors, in procuring, or attempting to procure, undue Elections of Delegates to favour the Interest of him the said Colonel Stewart, in the aforesaid Burghs of Wigtoun and New Galoway, or some of them: And praying such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall feera meet.

Ordered,

Privilege,

Wigtoun,

&c.

Election.

9 Geo. II. a6° Januariu523

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon* to the House.

Aberdeen A Petition of Alexander Udm% of Udny9 Esquire, was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth. That, at the Election of a Member of Parliament for the County of Aherdeefiy on the 30th Day of May last, Sir Arthur Forltes, of Craigever, as Member for that County in the last Parliament, and thereby entitled to a(k the Votes lor who should be Prse/es, and who should be Clerk to that Election, acted in an illegal and arbitrary manner; whereby the Rolls came to he formed at his Pleasure, and contrary to Law; and that, particularly, he, and his Adherents, refused to fuller any Objections to be moved against any of them whole Votes he was pleased to ask on these Quell ions, though it was notoriously known, that many of them were denuded of their Freeholds; and expressly refused to put, or allow to be put, to any of them, the Oath required by the Act of the Seventh Year of his present Majesty; and that the said Meeting, by this their illegal Procedure, elect»*d Alexander Frafer, of Strichen, One of the Lords of Session, to be their Pretfes, and Thomas Hays Sheriff Clerk, of the said County, to be their Clerk; and, in a most extraordinary and illegal manner, rejected the Votes of many Freeholders, which were undoubtedly good and valid in Law; and admitted and received the Votes of others, who were by no means thereto entitled in Law; and that, by these, and other moll illegal and undue PraAices, the said Sir Arthur Forbes came to have a pretended Plurality of Votes, in the Meeting aforesaid, for being Member in th.s present Parliament for the said County; and has been accordingly returned by the said Sheriff Clerk, Clerk of the said Meeting, and by the Sheriff of the said County, though the Petitioner had the Plurality of good, valid, and legal Voles, and was duly elected to be Member of this present Parliament for the County aforesaid; and he, and not the said Sir Arthur Forbcs9 ought to have been returned Member for the fame: And therefore praying the House to take the Preimfes into Consideration; and to ordaiu such Reliel to the Petitioner as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fiune, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Leominster A Petition of Sir Robert Cornwall Baronet was pre-KJo&ioq. fenled to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, Sir George Ca/ivall Knight, and Robert Harley Esquire, stood Candidates at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of LeominJier9 in the County of Hereford: That the said Sir George Cafwall, and Mr. Harley, and their

Friends and Agents, did, by several corrupt, arbitrary* illegal, and indirect Practices, procure several Persons to vote for them; and prevailed with several other Persona who had a Right to poll, and would have voted for the Petitioner, to be absent* or to vote against the Petitioner; and that Persons, who were received to vote for the said Sir George Cajiialt, and Mr. Har-ley9 had no Right to poll at the said Election: That* by reason of such Practices, the said Sir George Caf* xvall9 and Mr. Harley, have procured themselves to be returned Burgesses for the said Borough; to the raani-fest Wrong and Injury of the Petitioner, who had a Majority of legal Votes at the said Election: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the Petitioner may have such Relief as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Eleo tions: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame* with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The House being Informed, that John Neale Esquire, who hath exhibited a Petition to this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of Coventry, desires to withdraw the Complaint in the said Petition, except as to what relates to the Qualification of John Bird Esquire, One of the Sitting Members for the said City;

Ordered, That the Petition of John Neale Esquire* complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of Caventry% be, at his Desire, difinilied, except as to what relates to the Qualification of the said John Bird Fiquire.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That it be an InftriiA on to the Committee of Pnvi-leges and Elections, That they do hear the Matter of so much of the said Petition as relates to the Qualification of the said John Bird Esquire, upon this Day Three Weeks;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Army suant to their Address to his Majesty, Eftiruate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other hi®

Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the.

Year 1736: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar9 for the Year 1736: Andallo,

Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea llospital for the Year 1736: And also.

An Account of Services incurred Anno 1735, not provided for by Parliament.

And the Titles of the said Estimates and Account were read.

The said Estimates and Account are as follow; viz,

Vol. 22.

ESTIMATE

5*4

2 6° Janu

A'1735‘

ESTIMATEof the Chargeof the Guards, Garrifotis, and other his Majesty’s Land Eorces, in Great Britain,

for the Year 1736.

Pay of the Troops

NUMBERS. and Regiments ibr r 366 Days. T O T A L.

i £ d. £ s- d-

l8l " ‘ 16,592

:l8i " 16,592

I8l ~ " 16,592

181 16,592 — —

ij6 - " 10,772 12 —

in; mm m 10,960 14 — 1

337 26,949 l6 —

3*9 - " - 26,126 6 —

214 17,744 1$ —

214 2,l6l 17,744 18 — i'76,6o7 4 —

369 - - - 17,461 5 — 1

S69 - - 17,461 5 " '

869 - - 17,461 5 —

369 i - > - 17,461 5 —

369 - - 17,461 5 —

3% . - - 17,461 5 —

369 ' - - - ' 17,461 5 —

369 2>952 17.,'461 5 — 159,690

a,ootj - - ’51-, 291 17 —

1,288 - - - 33,299 18 —

1*288 - - - 3->354 16 —

705 - - - i3>9i7 3 —

’7°5 - -; '13*917 3 —

7°5 *- - - 'i3>9i7 3 —

7°5 . 1 13.9*7 3

7°5 W - -! 13 »9T 7 3 —

705 1 , - - 13-917 3 —

705 ' ’ m 'tt m l3>9i7 3

7°5 10/2 2'I 13.917 3 - 229,283 15 —

515 - - - 9,933 17 —

1,300 1 ij8i5 22,646 5 — 32^80 2 —

1 North

- ' r 555 9,140 17 —

I7>7°4 T

- '10,907 9 7

- - - 36,060 14 44.

- 15,000 61,968 4 —

Total - - - £. 649,270 2

Horse

Dragoons.- -

Toot

A

First Troop of Gtiards Second Ditto -Third Ditto -Fourth Ditto

First Troop of Grfcnadter Guards Second Ditto -

Royal Regiment of Guards Lord Pembroke's Regiment Lieutenant General Evans's Lieutenant General ffades

Royal Regiment - -

Brigadier Campbell's Lieutenant General Honywcod's Lord Cadogan's -Major General Keir's Sir Robert Rich's, -Major General Churchill's Lord Mark Kerr's -

First Regiment of Guards -Second Ditto -Third Ditto - -

Lieutenant General Tattons -Major'General BdrreH's -Brigadier Montagu's Lieutenant General IVhclham's Brigadier Middletons Brigadier Harrison's Brigadier IJandaJyd's Lieutenant General Snbific's

Invalids -

C Brigadier Fielding's Regiment £25 Independent Companies

Independent p Companies -1

Britain

Staff Officers, - -

JStaff Officers - -

Garrifotis, with Fire atul Candle Contingencies upon Account -

Whitehall\ 26th January 173-.

Will Yonge*

ESTIMATE

9 Geo. II. 2 6° Januarii.

5^5

ESTIMATE of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar,

for the Year 1736.

1. NUMBERS. Pay of the Regiments, ftc. for 366 Days. TOTAL.

In the PLANTATIONS. Brigadier Murt'ay's Regiment -Brigadier Philips's - - - - -Four Independent Companies at New York One Company at Bermudas -Eight Companies at Jamaica -One Company in the Island of Providence One Company at Georgia - - - 395 394 445 57 9°4 15° 2,460 £. *. d. 9,802 14 — 9,857 12 — 7,161 8 — 1,006 10 — 15,408 12 — 2,473 11 — 3.t>79 9* £ s. d. 48,790 2 2>546 — 9*

Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Canso, and Placentia - -

In MINORCA,

Brigadier Kane's Regiment - Brigadier Armstrong's Major General Tyrrell's -Colonel St. Clair's - 615 615 615 615 2,460 12.819 3 — 12.819 3 — 12.819 3 — 12.819 3 — 51,276 12 — 6,217 8 6

Officers of the Garrison, Xc.

In GIBRALTAR.

Major General Kirk's Regiment^ - Lord Ty raw ley's - - - Lieutenant General Groves's - - - - Major General Clayton's - Brigadier Anfiruther's - Colonel Read's ----- 615 615 615 615 615 615 3-69° 12,810 3 — 12,983 17 — 12.819 3 — 12.819 3 — 12.819 3 — 12.819 3 — 77,079 12 —

Officers of the Garrison, Xc. 8,610 V 3,759 *7 9

Provisions for Brigadier Philips's Regiment in Garrison at Annapolis Royal, Canso, and Placentia, deducing 4 d. per Diem, out of the &ub-fistence of each Non-commission Officer and private Man, towards that Expence: Remains Jo be borne by the Government Provisions for the several Regiments at Gibraltar - ’ - 1,558 17 1 25,000,) 26,558 17 1,

Whitehall, 26th January 1731-. Total - - - I 216,228 10 II

Will. Y

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Onl-pensioners of Hospital, for the Year 1736.

Per Diem. For 366 Days.

3,756 Out-pensioners (landing at present upon the Books of the £ * d. /1, £ . s. d.

Hospital, at 5 d. per Diem each - - 1 tO 00 28,639 10 —

100 Letter-men at 12 d. per Diem each - - - - 5 — — 1,830 — * — '

40 Serjeants, at 9 d. per Diem each - 1 10 — 649

From which dedu£L 8415 — 31,018 10 —

The Sum of Six thousand Five hundred Pounds, which, by Estimation, may be applicable

towards defraying this Expence, out of the Poundage of the Forces, for the Year 1736 Remains to be granted, upon Account, for the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital for 6,500 — —

the Year 1736 - - - - Whitehall, 26th January, 1734. 24,518 10

Will. Yonge.

Vol.22. .6 S SERVICES

Gaze

Navigation*

i<S

26s yanuarii.

S E ft VIC E$ incurred Anno 1735, and not provided for by Parliament.

A. 1735.

The Remainder of the Supplies voted by Parliament, to 24th December 1733, for victualling the Garrison of Gibraltar, more than was Efficient to satisfy the Demands of the late Contractor, and applicable to the newContract, for this Service, made with Thomas Revell Esquire, dated the 8th September 1733, was 7,636 12 Voted in Parliament for this Service, Anno 1734 - - 25,000 —

Deficiency An no 1734 made good - 7,769 J3 3i

d.

4*

Voted for this Service Anno 1735

Total of Supplies to 114th December 1735 *---

Payments made to Thomas Revell Esquire, Contractor for this Service, from the 4th of February 173^ the Commencement of his Contract, to the 14th September 1735, inclusive - -

The Payments from the 15th September 1735 to 4U1 January following, being Four Months, at 28 Days per Month, £. s. d. estimated at 10,349 4 a-

Ihfurance Anno 1735 - - - - 508 9 3

Extraordinary Magazines, and necessary Repairs, estimated at 300 — —

25,000 — — 57,769 13 3-;-

65,406 5 yi

59,250 — 10

II>,57 13 5

- 70,407 14

- 65,406 5

3

7*

Total of actual and estimated Payments to the 4th January 1734.

Deduct the above Supplies - -

Remains to be provided for by Parliament - -, -

To make good the Difference of Pay between the English and Irish Establishment for Lord Rothes's Regiment of Foot, upon the Establishment of Ireland, but now serving at Gibraltar, for 365 Days, from the 25th December 1734 to 24th December 1735 -

To make good the like Sum, paid Mr. John Gilman, Contractor for furnishing and supplying the Forces in the Island of Minorca with Salt Beef, over and above the 6d. per Man per Week, flopped from the Pay of the Regiments there, pursuant to Contract and Warrant, between the 17th February 1734 and the 16th February 173^ -

To make good the like Sum, paid Mr. IVm. Caulfield for surveying and keeping in Repair the new Roads through the Highlands, Anno 1734 -

Whitehall, 26th January 1734.

Will. Yonge.

d.

5,001 8 7i

876-----

866 13 4

400 — 7,144 1 lij

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the City of York, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the River Ouze and Swale is capable of being made navigable from St. Mary's Gate, in the City of York, to the Town of Richmond, in the County of York, for Boats, Barges, Lighters, and other Vessels; and that, for the better carrying on the said Navigation, and for opening a Trade between the said River and the River Dun, up to the Towns of Doncaster, Rotherham, and Sheffield, it will be necessary to improve the Navigation of the said River Dun, from Wilfick-house, to a Place called Sike-house Ferry; and that the improving and making navigable, the said River, will not only be a great Advancement to the Trade of the said Towns, but like-wife for the publick Good: And therefore praying, That the House will give Leave, that a Bill may be brought in for improving, and making navigable, the River Oitze and Swale, from St. Mary's Gate, in the City of York, to Richmond; and also to improve the Navigation of the River Dun, from Wilfick-house, to SikeAwufe Ferry.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thompson of York, Colonel Lyddal, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Geo. Fox, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Archer, Sir James Lowther, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Wellafion, Mr. Hanbmy Williams, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Ramsden, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Fox, Mj. Given, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Ashe, Mr. Smelt, Mr. Bramston, Colonel Howard, Mr. Walker, Sir Geo. Wynne, Mr. Croivle, Lord John Sacville, Mr. Eversfield, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Plmner, Mr. Finch, Mr. Parsons, Lord Polivarlh, ' ' ~ *7

Sir James Grant, Mr. Conduitt, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Longueville, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir Thomas Afion,

Colonel Bladen, Sir Herbert Pakinglon, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Bradshaw, Mr. Tozver, Mr.

Ilucks, Sir Thomas Saunderson, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Leheup,

Captain Purvis; and all the Members that servefor the Counties of York, Derby, Lincoln, and Northumberland:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

APetition of Richard Shepparr/ Esquire was presented South*ari to the House, and read; setting forth. That, at the last Eiedioa Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry, Thomas Imoen Esquire, George Heathcote Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates: That Thomas Bold Esquire, who is the Returning Officer, and took the Poll, admitted several Persons to vote for the said George Heathcote Esquire, who had no Right to poll; and refused others to poll for the Petitioner, who had an undoubted Right: That divers unjust, corrupt, and illegal Practices, were made use of by, and on the behalf of, the said George Heathcote; notwithstatiding which, there was a Majority of legal Voters, upon the Poll, for the said Thomas Inwen,&\\d the Petitioner;’ nevertheless, the Returning Officer declared a Majority in favour of the said George Heathcote, in Prejudice of the Petitioner; whereupon a Scrutiny was demanded in behalf of the Petitioner; and it fully appeared, that the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Voters, on the Poll, with the said Thomas Inwen, and ought to have been returned accordingly; but the said Thomas Bold, pretending to hear Objections on both Sides against Persons who polled at the said Election, and examining Witnesses on Oath relating the reunto, did make up a private Account of what Votes he thought fit to allow or disallow; and, though required by the Petitioner, and other Persons on his behalf, both before and at the 1 Declaration of the Numbers on the Scrutiny, the said Thomas Bold absolutely refuted to give the Petitioned or

9 Geo. II.

l6° Januarii.

5*7

such other Persons, any Account Whoift he had so allowed or disallowed, or his Keafons for so doing; but did, in an arbitary manner, declare and return the said George Heathtote, to the great Injury of the Petitioner, and in great Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the Electors of the said Borough, and in Defiance of the Laws of this Realkn: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and grant the Petitioner such Relieft as to the House shall seem meet.

A Motion was made* and tlieQuestion being put. That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House 5

The House divided.

Tiie Yeas went forth.

'I ellers for the Yeas, } l45‘

H3-

Tellers for the Noe., gfc }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the Tenth Day of February next*

Mr. Corbett, from the Treasurer of the Navy, pre* fented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Ac* Count of what Money has been ordered by the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, and received by the Treasurer of his Majesty’s Navy, for any Services of the Navy, from 31st December 1734t0 31st December 1735.

And the Title of the said Account was read;

The said Account is as follows; viz.

Natal

Services;

a^th January‘ini* 7 Aw ACCOUNT df what Money has been Ordered by the Right honour-5',) able the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, and received by the Treasurer

of his Majesty’s Navy, for any Services of the Navy, from 31st December 1734 to 31st December 1735; distingui thing the Times when the same was received, and the Services to which it was applied; prepared in pursuance of an Order of the honourable the House of Commons, dated 23d January 173-j*.

Time.

*734-5-January 9th.

16th.

February 4th.

March 17th.

SERVICES.

Vol. 22.

To received at his Majesty’s Exchequer, in Money advanced by the Bank of England, for Exchequer Bills charged on the Land Tax Anno 1734, the Sum of £. 126,411 os. od. for the Services following; viz.

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay Three Months Course, due 30th September 1734 On the Head of Victualling:

To pay Three Months Course, due D* time -

To received at D#, in Money, out of JD* Fund, the Sum of £. 13,000 for the Services following; viz.

To be paid to Greenwich Hospital, for the Support thereof On the Head of Wages:

To pay Flag pay, and other contingent Charges -

To received at D°, in Money, out of the following Funds, the Sum of£. 3,000 for the Services under-mentioned; viz.

£ s. d.

600 — ----- In Money, out of the Arrears of the Du-

ties on Malt, Anno 173a, appropriated towards the Supplies Anno 1734.

2,400 ~----- In Money, advanced by the Bank of Eng-

----- land, for Exchequer Bills charged on

3,000----- the Land Tax Anno 1734.

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

SUM.

To pay Imprefts, and Bills of Exchange To received at Db, in Money advanced by the Bank of England, for Exchequer* Bills charged on the Malt Duty Anno 1735, the Sum of £.146,966 ij s. 11 d. for the Services following; viz.

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay Imprefts, and Bills of Exchange -To pay all trie Yards One Quarter’s Pay, due Michaelmas *734 5

On the Head of Ordinary -Wear and Tear

On the Head of Wages:

To pay Ships, under Orders to be paid, to 31st December 1734 -To pay Bills in Course for Pilotage, Sc.

due D* time - -

To pay Bills of Exchange drawn on the Sick and Hurt Office To pay Sick and Hurt Quarters Half a Year, due 31st March 1734 -

15,781 —

*3»73° —

s. d.

80,000 -

4,496 —

2,000 — —

1,659 J7 11

84,194-----

42,217 — —

5.000 — —

8.000 -

d.

126,411 — —

13,000 —

3,000-----

49*5"-----

88,155 17 n

3,000 — —

528

2 6°Januarii.

4.1735-

Time.

1735* Mar. 28th.

April 5 th-

22d.

May 20th.

' SERVICES.

s.

On the Head of Victualling:

To pay the Coopers, Labourers, Xc. One £.

Quarters Pay, due Michaelmas 1734 3,300 —

To pay Necessary-money and Contingencies - - - 3>°°° —

d.

To received, at his Majesty’s Exchequer; following Funds; viz.

out of the

<C-

108,501

s.

19

d.

5t

in Money, advanced by the Bank of England, for Exchequer Bills charged on the Malt Duty, Anno 1735.

27,782 10 out of Money remaining in the Exchequer, of the Sinking Fund, Unapplied at Lady-day last, to complete 1,200,000 appropriated for

----- the Service of the Year 1734.

136,284 10 — For the Services following; viz.

----- On the Head of Ordinary:

To pay a Quarter’s Salary to the Right honourable the Lords of the Admiralty, the Commissioners, and other Officers of the Navy, due Lady-day 1735 To pay a Quarter’s Pensions, due D# time To pay Half a Year’s Half pay to Sea Officers, due 3rft December 1734 To pay Pensions to superannuated Officers,

Sic. due D" time - 3>8i4

8,100 — — 262 10 —

9,500-----

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay One Month’s Conrfe, due 31st October 1734 -

On the Head of Victualling:

To pay One Month’s Course, due 31st October 1734 -

On the Head of Wages:

To pay a Quarter’s Allowance to the Earl of Peterborough, as General of his Majesty’s Marine Forces, due

Lady-day 1735 - - 900-----

For paying Conduct-money, and other

Services ----- 2,000-----

To carry on the Payment of Ships, under Orders to be paid, to the 31st December

1734

- 50,000 — —

To received at his Majesty’s Exchequer, in Money, advanced by the Bank of England, for Exchequer Bills charged on the Malt Duty Anno 1735, the Sum of £. 3,000 for the Service under mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Vi6iualling:

To pay Necessary-money, Short Beer-money, and Contingencies - - - r

To received at D°, in Money out of the foil wing Funds;

viz.

£ s. d.; , v

2.000 — — out of Arrears of the Malt. f)uty Anno

1733, granted towards the Supplies Anno 1735.

5.000 — — out of the Money advanced by the

Bank of England, for Exchequer Bills — i----- charged on the Malt Duty Anno 1735.

7.000 ----- For the Services under-mentioned; viz.

— ----- — On the Head of Vi&uajling:

To pay Bills of Exchange - - 1

To pay Necessary-money, Short Beer-money, and Contingencies ....

To received at D% in Money, out of the Sinking Fund, unapplied at Lady-day last, in Part of One Million appropriated for the Service of the Year 1735, the Sum of A* 80,000 for the Service following; viz.

On the Head of Wages:

For carrying on the Payments of Ships to 3 iftj last

£. s. d.

6,300-----

SUM.

£. S. d.

146,966 17 It

21,676 10 —

32,657-----

29,051 — —

52,900-----

136,284 10 —

3,000 —

2,000

5,000

7,oco — —

80,000 -

Time

9 Geo. II.

529

Time.

*735-

J/<ry 30th. /»< 4th.

6th.

t3th.

»8th.

Vol. 22.

26® Januarii.

SERVICES.

To received at D°f in Money, out of the following Foods; nr*

04*377 11 advanced by the Bank of England, for

j Exchequer bills charged on the Land

(6 i t 1 is TnxAnrn *735-35*7^7 84 ^out of Loans on the Land Tax Anno 1735.

1 *4*377 11 1 For the Services following; viz.

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay Two Months Courie, due 31st December 1734 -On the Head of Victualling:

To pay Two Months Course, due D* time -On the Head of Wages:

To pay Two Years Pension to the (Jheft at Chatham, due Lady-day 1735

To pay Sick and Hurt Quarters, for Three Quarters of a Year, due 31st December 1734 -

£ s. d. 13,000 — —

9,942 ti 1

SUM.

s. d.

44,603-----

56,83a-----

To received at his Majesty’s Exchequer, in Money advanced by the Bank of England, for Exchequer Bills charged on the Land Tax Amo 1735, the Sum of £ 5,000, for the Services following; viz.

On the H* ad of Victualling:

To pay Necessary-money, Short Beer-money, and Contingencies ....

To received at D*, in Money, out of D* Fund, the Sum of £ 33,000, for the Services following; viz.

On the I lead of Wages:

For carrying on the Payments of Ships at home, and for Payment of Ships arrived from foreign Parts, £. 30,000; whereof £26,247 l2t \o <s to be taken as Part of £.36,405 15x. 4 \d.granted by Parliament to make good the Deficiency of the Grants Anno 1734 -On the Head ot Wear and Tear:

To pay Imprefts, and Bills of Exchange.

To received at D*, in Money, out of the Sinking Fund, Part of One Million, appropriated for the Service of the Year 1735, the Sum of £*68,591 ior. for the Services following; viz.

On the Head of Ordinary:

To pay a Quarter’s Salary to the Right honourable the Lords of the Admiralty, the Commissioners, and other Officers of the Navy, due Midsummer £. f. d.

1735.....7*700

To pay a Quarter’s Pensions, due D*

- 262 to —

time

On the Head of 'Wages:

To pay a Quarter’s Allowance to the Earl of Peterborough, as General of his Majesty’s Marine Forces,

due Midsummer 1735 - -

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay One Month’s Course, due 31st January 1734 -

To pay all the Yards Two Quarters Pay, due Lady-day 1735; viz. £ d-

On the Head of Ordinary - - 39,659-----

Wear and Tear - 62,605-----

On the Head of Victualling:

To pay One Month’s Course, due 31st

January 1734 - a7>5°

To pay the Coopers, Labourers, Sc.

Two Quarters Pay, due Lady-day

*735 ""’"11" ^’I

To pay Necessary-money, Short Beer-

money, and Contingencies - - 5,000-----

6 T

22,942 11 1

»4*377 11 1

30.

000

3,000-----

7,962 to —

910-----

15.817-----

102,264 — —

41,638-----

5,000 — -r —

33,000 -

168,591 *0

530

26° Janua

4-1?35'

Time.

1735.]uly lotln

August 4th.

2lft.

27th.

Sept. 5th.

12th.

Q&ober 1 ft.

SERVICES.

To received at his Majesty’s Exchequer, in Money, out of the Sinking Fund, in Fart of One Million appropriated for the Service of the Year 1735* the Sum 0^.42,306 for the Services following; viz.

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay a Bill of Exchange drawn by Mr. Bell, Secretary to Sir John Norris, for defraying the contingent Expences of the Squadron under the Command of the said Sir John Norris - -

On the Head of Wages:

To pay off Ships lately arrived from foreign Parts, and for Payment of Advance-money, and Two Months in Six to Ships at home -

On the Head of Ordinary:

To pay Half a Year’s Half-pay to Sea Officers, due 30th June last To pay Pensions to superannuated Officers, &c. due D° time -

£. s. d. 9,500-----

3,800 —

On the Head of Victualling:

To pay Bills of Exchange - 6,000-----

To pay Short-allowance Money - 1,000-----

To received at D* in Money advanced by the Bank of England, for Exchequer Bills charged on the Land Tax Anno 1735, the Sum of £. 75,106 for the Services following; viz.

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay One Month’s Course, due 28th £. s. d.

February last - 21,538-----

To pay Imprefts, and Bills of Exchange 5,000 — —

On the Head of Wages:

To pay Ships arrived from foreign Parts, and others expected home -

On the Head of Victualling;

To pay One Month’s Course, due 28th February last

To received at D®, in Money, out of D° Fund, the Sum of £ 75,000 for the Service following; viz.

On the Head of Wages:

To pay off his Majesty’s Ships the Winchelsea, Experiment, and Dolphin, and other Ships daily expected from the

West Indies -....

To received at his Majesty’s Exchequer, in Money advanced by the Bank of England, for Exchequer Bills charged on the Land Tax Anno 1735, the Sum of £. 5,000 for the Service following; viz. '*

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay Imprefts, and Bills of Exchange -To received at D% in Money, out of D° Fund, the Sum of£. 40,612 for the Services following; viz.

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay One Month’s Course, due 31st March 1735 On the Head of Victualling:

To pay One Month’s Course, due D? time - -

To received at D% in Money, out of D# Fund, the Sum of a x^931 9Su for the Services following; viz.

On the Head of Wages:

For recalling Ships lately paid off, and for other Services To pay for Medicines, Bedding and other Necessaries, provided for the Looe Hospital Ship appointed to attend the Squadron of his Majesty’s Ships under the Command of the honourable Sir John Norris To pay Bills of Exchange drawn on the Sick and Hurt Office -

To received at D°, in Money, out of the Sinking Fund, in

Part of One Million appropriated for the Service of the

Xear } 735> the Sum of £. 57,243 io*. od. for the Services following; viz.

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

[To pay One Month's Course, due 30th April 1735

L s*

2,000 — —

20,000 — —

I3>3°°

7,000 — —

*6,538-----

30,000 —

18,568 -

14,825 -

25>787-----

20,000 — —

931 9 9 1,000 — —

18,778 ——

SUM.

£; S. d.

42,300-----

75,106 — —

75,000 —

5,000 -

40,612 —

21,931 9 9

9 Geo. II*

26° Januarii

53i

Tune.

*735-

Ofbber tad.

27 th. 29th.

December 3d.

31st. Vo 1,. 22.

SERVICES.

On the Head of Ordinary:

To pay a Quarter’s Salary to the Right honourable the Lords of the Admiralty, the Commissioners, and other Officers of the Navy, due Michaelmas £. d.

1735 8,000-----

To pay a Quarter’s Pensions, due D*

time ----- 26 a 10 —

On the Head of Wages:

To pay a Quarter's Allowance to the Earl of

as General of his Majesty’s Marine Forces, due Michaelmas 1735 -

On the Head of Victualling: To pay One Month s Course, due 30th

I-

April 1735 To pay Bills of Exchange -

26,233-----

3,000 — —

To received at his Majesty’s Exchequer, in Money, out of the Sinking Fund, in Part of One Million appropriated for the Service of the Year 1735, the Sum of £. 4»°°3 1 *5 d. for the Service following; viz.

On the Head of Victualling:

To Pay a Bill made out to Mr. Corbett, Paymaster to the Charity for the Relief of poor Widows of Sea Officers, for the Value of the Victualling of Widows Men, borne on the Books of his Majesty’s Ships, paid between if! July 1733 and 5th September 1735 -

To recrixed at D* in Money, out of D* Fund, the Sum of £. 5000 for the Sen ice following; viz.

To be paid to Greenwich I lospital, for the Support thereof To received at IP in Money, out of D* Fund, the Sum of £-41*94° for the Services following; viz.

On the Head of M’ear and Tear:

To pay One Month’s Course, due 31st £. s. d

May 1735 ----- 16,850-----

To pay Imprefts, and Bills of Exchange 3,000 — —

On the Head of Victualling:

To pay One Mouth’s Course, due 31st

May 1735.....20,090 8

To pay Bills of Exchange - - - 5,000 —

To received at D* in Money, out of D° Fund, the Sum of £. 75,244. 7 s. 1 id. for the Services following; viz.

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay One Month’s Course, due 30th June 1735

On the Head of Wages:

For carrying on the Recalls of Ships lately paid off

On the Head of Victualling:

To pay One Month’s Course, due 30th

June 1735....

To pay Bills of Exchange -To pay Necessary-money and Contingencies -

To pay Short-allowance-money -

s.

d.

27,024 7 II

5>°oo-----

3»oooo-----

1,000 — —

To received at his Majesty’s Exchequer, in Money, out of the Sinking Fund, in Part of One Million appropriated for the Service of the Year 1775, the Sum of £83,459 17$. 3d. for the Services following; viz.

On the Head of Wear and Tear: r,

£ 3,000-----

To pay Imprefts, and Bills of Exchange To pay One Month’s Course, 31 July

1735

- 43>58° — "

£ x. d.

SUM.

d.

8,262 10 —

97° "

29,233-----

57,243 10

4>°°3 n 5

5,000-----

19,850 — —

25,090 8 1

44*94° 8

29,220-----

10,000 — —

36,024 7 11

75>*44 7 11

46,580-----

Kirkubright

Election.

Supply.

532 %6* — af Januarii. 1735*

Time. SERVICES. SUM-

On the Head of Wages: £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

*735- To pay Flag-pay, ind other Services on this Head - - - 2,000 — — To pay Bills of Exchange drawn on the Sick and Hurt Office - - 1,500 — — For carrying on the Recalls of Ships, and other Services ----- 10,000 - *3>5°°

Oil the Head of Ordinary:

To pay a Quarter’s Salary to the Right honourable the Lords of the Admiralty, the Commissioners, and other Officers of the Navy, due Christmas 1735, 7,700 — — To pay a Quarter’s Pensions due D° time - 262 10 — , j i 7,962 10 —

On the Head of Victualling:

To pay One Month'sCourse, due 31 July 1735 - 15,417 7 3 83.459 >7 3

r j t?

% A lie oirm iuum is tit; mwwu uuuuieu ocveniy-iix uivuiaim i wui hundred Seventy^two Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Five Pence - £. 1,376,472 *3 5

Ar. Onslow.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of William Kirkpatrick Esquire was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, That, the Ninth Day of May last, being the Day appointed for electing a Member to serve in this jpresent Parliament for the District of Burghs of Kirkubright, Dumfries, Lochmaben, Annan, and Sanquhar, in the room of Charles Ai'ejkine Esquire, the several Delegates from the said Five Burghs having then met at the Burgh of Kirkubright, in the usual Place of Election, they produced their feverpl Commissions, and claimed their respective Votes in the said Election, according to Law: That James Corrie, the Delegate from the Burgh of Dumfries, John Robifone, the Delegate from the Burgh of Lochmaben, and Jdhn Johnstone, the Delegate from the Burgh of Annan, voted for the Petitioner; and the other Two Delegates voted for Sir John Douglass, of Killhead, Baronet: That the Petitioner being thus duly elected by a Majority of the Delegates of the said District of Burghs, lie only ought to have been returned as the Member duly elected to represent the said District of Burghs in this present Parliament; but that William Dunbar, Town Clerk of Kirkubright, hath, in a most arbitrary and illegal manner, taken upon himself to return the said Sir John Douglas as well as the Petitioner, though it appears by the said Return, that Two of the said Five Delegates only voted for the said Sir John Douglas: That several illegal Methods, and indirect Practices, have been used to promote the Interest, and carry on the pretended Election, of the said Sir John Douglas, in manifest Contempt of the many Laws made for preventing such Abusep: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Confederation.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a; Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair jof the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner...reported from the Committee, 24

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him t9 report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

'Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 2 70 dieJanuarii;

Anno 9* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1735.

Praters.

APETl TION of John Perkins, in Custody of the Privilege — Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for a Petition froi Contempt of an Order, and a Breach of the Privilege m

of this House, was presented to the House, and read; Cu 0 ' expressing his Sorrow for his Offence, and begging Pardon of the House for the fame: And therefore praying. That he may be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said John Perkins be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged out of Custody.

A Petition of William Gzvyn Vaughan EsquireVas BreC0T

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, Election at the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the County of Brecon, John Jefferys Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates: That the said Election came on, at Brecon, the Twenty-second Day of May last, before Charles Vaughan Esquire, High Sheriff of the said County; and, a Poll being begun, the same continued till the Saturday following, when the Books were closed, and a Majority declared in favour of Mr. Jefferys, who, with his Agents, and others, had been guilty of several illegal and unwarrantable Practices to procure himself. ,. elected and returned: That the said Sheriff, during the said Poll, a€ted in an illegal and arbitrary Manner, refused several legal Votes for the Petitioner, and admitted a great Number of Persons to poll for the Sitting Member, who had

no

9 Geo. II.

17° Januarii.

533

Linlithgow

Election.

Repeal

l Jac. ]

t

linft

itchcraft.

KtrkcwlbHghC

Election.

no Right thereto: That the Petitioner had a confideTable Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned accordingly: And praying such Relief as the house shall judge most meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Sir James Cuttynghamc Baronet; and also,

A Petition of Geo. Pandas* of Dundas* Alexander Hamilton* of Pencaitland* and otters, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freeholders of the County of Linlithgou' ,*

Were severally presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That die Petitioners, and several other Freeholders of the said County, having, upon the 31 ft Day of May 1734, met and convened in the usual Place for choofinga Representative for the County, to serve in the present Parliament, Alexander Hamiltone* of Innenveek, Esquire, Commissioner for the said County in the lad Parliament, did illegally take upon himself to call a Roll, in order to the Election of a Prafes* and a Clerk, to the find Meeting; which Roll was neither made up at any anterior Meeting for elefbng a Corainiffiooer to Parliament, nor at any legal Michaelmas Head Court for adjuliing the Roll of Electors, as required in tte Statutes made in that behalf: That, by a Majority of legal Votes, the Petitioner George Dundas was elected P rafts of the said Meeting, and Alexander Bell, Town Clerk of the Burgh of Linlithgou\ was elected Clerk thereof: That the Petitioner Sir James Cunynghamc was elected Commissioner to represent the said County of Linlithgow* in the present Parliament, by a Majority of legal Votes: Tlmt the said Alexander Bell* Clerk of the said Meeting, did, immediately alter the Elc&km of the Petitioner Sir James Cunynghamc, return his Name, as elected Commissioner for die County aforesaid, to Halter I I ami I tone, of /Testport. Sheriff Deputy of the said County, under the Right honourable Charles Earl of Hopctoun, Sheriff Principal thereof: That the said Walter HamiUone. did, notwithstanding, take upon him to return the Name of the said Alcxatider HamiUone Esquire to the Clerk of the Crown, as defied Commissioner for the said County: That the Election of the said Alexander HamiUone Esquire, if any such Election was, was illegal and undue, tte Petitioner Sir James Cunyng-hame having been defied by the Majority of legal Votes: That, further, the find Alexander HamiUone Esquire has no Tide whatsoever either to eleffc, or be eleffced, a Commissioner for the said County: And praying die House to take the Premises, and the said undue Election and Return, into thdr Consideration; and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and re-

Srt the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the ouse.

Mr. Conduit presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal the Statute, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act against Conjuration, Witchcraft, and dealing with evil and wicked Spirits: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Thomas Murdoch, of Camloddan* was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the last Election of a Member to lerve in this present Parliament for the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, Patrick Vql. 22.

Heron, of Heron, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates: That the said Patrick Heron, as Prafts to this Meeting, in consequence of his being last Representative of the said Stewartry, would suffer none to vote, but those only who happened to be present at his last Election Anno 1727; and thereby excluded many Freeholders, formerly inrolled, w'hose Names had never been struck off the Roll, and to whose Qualifications there could not be the lead Objection pretended, feme of them having the very best Estates in the Stewartry: That the said Patrick ficron absolutely and peremptorily refilled, though formally required, to tender the Oaths by Law appointed to every Freeholder, before he should be admitted to vote for Prafes or Clerk; neither would he suffer the Oaths to be administered to, or taken by, any one Voter whatsoever, before the Election of Prafes and Clerk: That the said Patrick Heron persisting thus to act, contrary to the positive Directions of many Acts of Parliament, in such a manner, that no Prafes or Clerk could, upon the Question by him put, be legally chose, nor, consequently, any Member regularly elected; and the Stewart Cleric refuting to collect the Votes for Prafes and Clerk, tte Freeholders were under a Necessity to authorize feme other Person, who would aft impartially to take the Roll, and preside over them, while they chose their Prafes and Clerk: That, accordingly, Sir Thomas Gordon, of Earlstoun, at the Desire, and with the Approbation, of the Majority of the Freeholders present, legally qualified to vote, took the Roll, and called the Names of all the Freeholders formerly inrolled, and received their Votes for Prafes and Clerk: That, thereupon, William Muir, of Caffencarry, was duly elected Prafes, and James Broun, Writer, in Dumfries, was duly elected Clerk, to the Meeting of Freeholders: That the Meeting being thus regularly constituted, the Rolls settled, and all the previous Steps taken which are by Law required, the Freeliolders proreeded to the Election of their Repre-fentative, and the Petitioner was duly elected: That the find James Promt* Clerk of the Meeting, and, consequently. Returning Officer, tendered to Air. John Henderson* Deputy Stewart of the said Stewartry, a Return of the Name of the Petitioner, as the Person duly elected by the Freeholders; which the Petitioner, and the said James Broun* required the said Deputy Stewart to annex to the YVrit and Return; but the said Deputy Stewart has thought fit to annex a Return of the Name of the said Patrick Heron* made by John Hynd* Writer in Dumfries, to the Writ, and return the same into the Court out of which the Writ issued, though the said John Hynd was not duly elected Clerk; no one Person, who voted for him, having taken the Oaths, though required, nor the said Patrick Heron duly elected the Member, the Petitioner having a Majority of legal Votes: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give such Relief as to them shall fcein meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Sir Charles Turner9 according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Fifteen thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service for the Year 1736, beginning from the First Day of January 1735.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Fifteen thousand Men for Thirteen Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

6 U The

Supply

534 27° — 2 8"

The feid Resolution3, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Que&ion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 28° Januarii;

Anno 90 Georgii IIc,i Regis, 1735.

Pray Eits.

Privilege — ^fOHN Perkins, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, A Person J attending this House, was, according to Order, reprimanded brought to the IW: Where he, upon his Knees, received charged a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was ordered to be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Biggleswade A Petition of several of the Trustees, whose Names are Road. thereunto subscribed, on the behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act; for repairing and amending the Road from Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, to Bugden, and through Alconbeny to the Top of Alconberry-hill, or Cross-post, leading into Sautery-lane, on the York and Edinburgh Road, and from the said Town of Bugden to the Town of Huntingdon, and from Croft-hall, in Eaton Soken, in the said County of Bedford, to Great Stoughton Common, in the said County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners have made great Progress, in amending the said Roads; and, for that End, have borrowed, at Interest, One thousand Five hundred Pounds, and upwards, upon the Credit of the said Act, pursuant to a Power therein contained; which Sums, together with the Money arising by the Tolls granted by the said Act, have been duly applied, according to the Directions thereof; notwithstanding which, several Parts of the said Roads are still so deep and bad in the Winter Season, that the same are scarce passable; and that the principal Sums borrowed, still remain unpaid; and there is also a considerable Sum of Money due to several Persons* for Work done upon, and Materials made use of in amending, the said Roads; which Money, so borrowed by, and due from the Petitioners, cannot be repaid and discharged, and the Repair of the said Roads completed, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act be enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former Act, for so long Time, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet; and that the Petitioners may be further relieved in the Premises as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Rowland Alston, Mr. Byng, Mr Hacks, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Sir John Heath cole, Mr. Earle, Colonel Lyddell, Mr. Brereton, Mr. White, Mr. Tower, Brigadier Campbell, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Wyridham, Mr. Longuevilie, Mr. Maister, Colonel Bladen, Colonel Handafyde, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Leheup, Colonel Mordaunt, Colonel Duckett, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Life, Mr. Wortley, Lord John Sacville, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Curzon, Sir James Grant, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Archer, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Coster, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Gore, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Kinaston; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Huntingdon, Bedford, Cambridge, Lincoln, York, Durham, Northumberland, and for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber: Ai\d have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Januariu A. 1735-

A Petition of Sir Simeon Stuart Baronet was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the honourable ec lou* jHarry Pozolett Esquire, commonly called Lord Harry Powlett, and Antony Chute Esquire, as also Edward L fle Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates at the lall Election for Knights of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Southampton: That Richard Jervoice Esquire, the High Sheriff of the said County, his Deputies and Clerks, who were appointed by him to attend at, and take, the Poll, being influenced by the said Lord Harry Poziftt, have wilfully omitted to insert, in the Poll Books, the Names of great Numbers of legal Voters who polled for the Petitioner; and have inserted the Names of many other legal Voters, as polled for the said Lord Harry Powlett, who did not poll for him, but did poll for the Petitioner; and have admitted great Numbers to poll for the said Lord Harry Powlett, who had no Right; and many fictitious Names of Persons are inserted in such Poll Books, as polled for the said Lord Harry Pozolett, who are utterly unknown in the said County, and are not to be heard of; whereby, and by many other illegal and unwarrantable Practices both of the said hovd Harry Powlett, and the said High Sheriff, the said Lord Harry Powlett has procured himself to be returned for the said County, notwithstanding the Petitioner wa3 duly elected by a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned in the room of the said Lord ijarry Pozolett; to the great Injury and Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in Violation of the Laws for securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament: And ing such Relief as to the House shall seem most meet. rdered. That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House at the same time the^ Matter of the Petition of Antony Chute, of The Vine, in the County of Southampton, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, is appointed to be heard.

Ordered, That the Lifts, with respect to the controverted Election of the said Lord Harry Powlett, for the County of Southampton, now depending before this House, be, in pursuance of the Resolution of this House made upon Friday the Sixteenth Day of this instant January, delivered by this Day Five Weeks.

A Petition of Norton Pozolett Esquire was presented P«<er, field to the House, and read; letting forth, That,'at the last El^Uon. Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Petersfeld, in the County of Southampton, the Candidates were Sir William Jolliffe Knight,

Edward Gibbon Esquire, and the Petitioner: That by Splitting and dividing, in several Instances, One ancient House, or Parcel of Land, into Two, Three, or more, separate Tenements, or Parcels of Land, and causing the fame, so split, to be conveyed to the Friends or Agents of the said Mr. Gibbon, in order to increase the Number of Votes for him; and by causing the Votes of several Persons to be taken for him, who had no Right to poll at the said Election, according to the last Determination of the House of Commons: and by several other indirect and unwarrantable Practices made use of by, and in favour of, the said Mr. Gibbon', the said Mr. Gibbon procured himself to be returned one of the Burgesses of the said Borough; to the great Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected by a Majority of good Votes, and therefore ought to have been returned, wdth the said Sir William Jolliffe, to represent the said Borough: That the said - Mr. Gibbon is not qualified to fit and vote in the House of Commons, as the Law directs, he refusing to take the Oath of Qualification, when required: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give such Relief therein, as shall seem meet.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, the Owners of ancient Houses and Shambles, and Freeholders, within the lk)rough of Petersfeld, in the County of Southampton, having Right to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, was presented to the

House,

9 Geo. II. 280 — 29 °535

Hirrifoi’t

Nmr.

Navy

Eflitnato.

Sapply.

lloi.fe, and read; alleging, That the Right of Eltftion of M u:b«-r> iu in vc in Parliament for the to id Borough is, ami 'iin.c out of Mind hath been, in the Owners of ancient Dw«d:ing-houses 01 Shambles, and the Freeholders of Lands, within the Borough; which Right hath been continued by the lull Resolution of the House of Commons, with the Addition of * und such Dwelling houses or * Shambles as were really built upon ancient Foundations ;M and complaining of the multiplying, splitting, and dividing Votes, by the I^ord of the Manor of Petersjicld, and others, since the Act made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third; by which Practices, Edward Gibbon, the younger, Esquire, hath procured himself to be returned a Member for the said Borough, together with Sir William Jolliff'e Knight, though Norton Ponlctt Esquire had a great Majority of true and ancient Votes; and ought to have been returned, instead of the said E(heard Gibbon: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Confkicraiion of ti>e Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the ionic, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of June Smith, for and on behalf of John Newport 9 an Infant, heretofore called John llarrifon, was prefemed to the House, and read; letting forth, That Henry late Earl of Bradford\ by his last Will and Testament, bearing Date the 8th Day of May 1730, devised all his real Eliate whailbever, subject to the Payment of such of his Debts and Legacies, as his personal Estate should not be sufficient to j>«y, unto TrtM'tccs, therein named, and their Heirs, in Trust lor the said John Newport, by the Name of John Harrison, and the Heirs ot nis Body, with divers Remainders or Limitations over: That the said Earl died in December 1734; and, some time before his Death, signified to the Petitioner his Delire that the said Infant, and the Heirs of his Body, should Like upon him and themselves, and be called the Surname of Seaport, bring the Surname of the said Earl and his Family; and that the said Infant, in Gratitude to his great Benetaftor, and in Obedience to his Desire, hath, since his Death, taken upon himself, and been called by, the Surname of Newport; and is desirous that the said Surname should be confirmed upon him and the Heirs of his Body, by Authority of Parliament: And therefore, in the Name and on the Behalf of the said Infant, praying, That the House will give Leave to bring in a Bill for enabling the said Infant, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Newport.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Henry Arthur Herbert and Mr. Pulteney do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1736, presented to this House this Session of Parliament, be referred to die Consideration of a select Committee: And that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report die fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

The IIoulc divided.

The Yeas went fordi.

Tellers for the \ cas,:

Tellers for the Noes, \ rr~.r

I Mr. Hanbury Jvdhams

So it passed in the Negative.

}*55.

J25 6.

The Order of die Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Vo L. 22.x

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of th* Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1736, be referred to the lkid Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 173b, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1736, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Services incurred Anno 173.5% »ot provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1736, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the u'holc House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Committee

of

Privilege!.

Jervis, 290 die J;

Anno 90 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1735.

Prayers.

MR. Corbett presented to the House, Report of the Greenwich Proceedings of the Commissioners of the Royal Hospital. Hospital for Seamen at Grcemcich, puiibant to an Act of Parliament, of the Eighth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Dawentuater, and Charles Radcliffe.

Mr. Corbet also presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, a State of the yearly Revenue and Expence of Grcemvich Hospital: And also,

An Account how the Money granted last Session of Parliament for Greenwich Hospital has been disposed of.

And the Titles of the said Report, State, and Account,

Were read.

The said Report, State, and Account, are as followeth: viz.

To the honourable the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled.

In Obedience to the Directions of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James\ate Earl of Derwentxvater and Charles Radcliffe, requiring the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, to contract and agree with able and sufficientTradef-mcn, Artificers, or other Persons, for finishing and completing the said Royal Hospital, in a Workman-like and

53*5

39° Janua

fiibftantial manner, on the easiest and most reasonable Terms, according to the Plan laid before the House of Commons, hi the said Session of Parliament, and to lay their Proceedings therein, with their annual Accounts, before his Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament, respectively;

The Commissioners and Governors of the said Hospital humbly report as follows;

There has been received, from the Fxcheoner the Sum of £ 5,182 13*. od.being the Arrears remaining the re, oi the Kents of the Estate; which Sum has been invested m Bank Annuities at 3 per CaU until there

A. 1735.

shall be Occasion to dispose of the fame, pursuant to the purposes of the Act of Parliament

There has been likewise received, out of the Rents of the Estate, the Sum of <£.2,178 13 s. 1 i d.

As to their Proceedings in carrying on the Building, the Foundations of Queen Marys Court are, in a great measure, laid; and the Walls of the Chapel and Kitchen are carried up to the Top of the Plinth, which is to the Cills of the Windows of the Base Story; the Expence of which has amounted to £. 1,089 l5s

Admiralty Office, By Order of the Commissioners,

29 January 1735. Tho. Corbett.

j

A STATE of the Yearly Revenue and Expence of Greenwich Hospital; prepared in pursuance of an Order of the honourable House of Commons, of 23d January 1735,

g

co'

N

CD

Cl

D

it

fe!

Estimatc of the Revenue.

The 6d. a A fan per Mcnf. of 10,000 Seamen ufuatly employed in the Kings

Service, at Sea, in Time of Peace, yields -

The 6d. a Man per Men/.of about 1,100 Seamen employed on board his

AI aj city’s Ships in ordinary, may yield ....

The 6d. a Man pa' Mcnf. of Seamen employed in the Merchants Service, is cfiimated at -

The Three Light-houft 5 on the Forelands may yield, per , about

The Renta of Iloules yield, per Annumabout -

There is vested in South Sea Annuities, by Order of the Court of Chancery, the Sum of £3,573. Mi. 8 d.devised to the Hospital; which Sum is to

be laid out in the Purchase of Lands; and, in the mean time, the Hospital feCeives Interest, at £. 4 per Cent. -

Revenue short of the Expence - - . -

d.

Mote, The Half Pay of the Lieutenant Governor, and other Military Officers, of the Hospital, which is at present applied in Aid to the Revenue of the Hospital, and may be deduced from the above Deficiency, amounts to - - 643 7 —

The Wages, and Value of Provisions, allowed to the Chaplains of the Ordinary of Deptford and which

are at present applied in like manner, they being the Chaplains of the Hospital - - - - -107-----

But the said Sums, being uncertain, are not brought to Account as Part of the Revenue of the Hospital.

Note, As 30,000 Seamen were voted for the Service of the i Year 1735, the Revenue will have yielded more in that Year in proportion as the Number employed exceeded to,000 Men.

Tho. Corbett.

£ s-

3,250-----

487 10 —

7,000-----

1,400-----

251 18 4

142 18 11

7 —

12,532 m ! 3

10,034 19 7

22,5 67 6 10

Estimate of the Expence.

Tltc Maintaining of qoo poor disabled Seamen, with the Officers Servants,

and Nurses, upon the present Establishment, is cfiimated at about - - 20,567

The ordinary* Repairs in and about tltc Hospital, including the Wages of the

Officers of the Works, is cfiimated at about - 1,500

Contingent Charges are about 3

1. d.

6 10

Tho. Corbett.

2 9° Janu

A. 1755-

A v A CC OUNT, how the Money granted last Session of Parliament, for Greenwich Hospital, has been disposed of; prepared in pursuance of an Order of the honourable House of Commons, of the -13d of January 17.35-

The Expence of maintaining 4,50 additional disabled Seamen, with 27 Nurses, being Widows of £. s. d.

Sea Odicers, or poor Seamen, for One Year, is estimated at - - - - - 8,097 14 8

There has been laid out, in paving the Great Court, the Sum of - - - . - - - 196 7 10

Remains undisposed - - - - -.....' - 1,705 17 6

£. 10,000 —

Note, That the Accounts of the Hospital are cleared and paid only to the 30th of September last.

Five thousand Pounds, Part of the^. 10,000. granted last Year for the Hospital, was not paid in on the 3.1st December last; but it has been received since; and the Disposition of the Wihole will be as above.

Ordered, That the said Report, State, and Account, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

fcnllifies’,&c. Sir Humphrey Howarth presented to the House, ac-Nat- cording to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Peter Callijies

and Zachary Cahuac: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second timer.

Bruntisland, A Petition of the Provost, Bailiffs, and Town-council, &c. Election. of Kirkaldie, was presented to the House, and read;

letting forth, That the honourable James St. Clair Esquire, and the honourable Thomas Lejly Esquire, flood Candidates at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Diitricl of Burghs of Bruntisland, King horn, Kirkaldie, and Dyfart: That the said James St. Clair was duly chose, by the Majority of legal Votes, the Delegate for the said Burgh of Kirkaldie; and his Commission w as signed by the proper Officer, and the common Seal of the said Burgh appended thereto: That, before and at the said Election of a Delegate, many undue and illegal Practices were made use of, by, for, and in favour of, the said Mr. Lejly, to have another Delegate cholen for the said Burgh of Kirkaldie, in manifest Prejudice of the Right of Election: That the said James St. Clair was duly defied, by the Delegates for the Burghs of Dyfart, Kirkaldie, and Kinghorn, to represent the said District of Burghs in this present Parliament, and ought to have been returned accordingly: and yet the said Thomas Lejly has been returned for the said District of Burghs; in manifest Violation of the Right of Election: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give such Relief therein as to the House shall lean meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Aider min fter Inclosuse.

A Petition of Edward Partheriche Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Aldenninster, other wise Aldtrynqfton, in the Paridi of Alderminster, otherwise Aldermaston, in the County of Worcester, John Grove Esquire, Tlmrnis Mil-ward, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Freeholders within the said Manor, and Hairy Seeward, Vicar of the said Panfli, which laid Thomas mikvard is also Impropriator of the Rectory and Parish Church of Aldenninster, otherwise Aldennafton, aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Common Field, called A ldernii?iJfay\o\hzrmkAldennaJlori, Common Field, the Common Pastures, called the Cow Pasture, and Sheep Pashire, the Lammas Grounds, Lotting Grounds, and the Common Meadows, lying in the said Manor, of which the Petitioners are the major Part of the Proprietors, are of a very large Extent, and several Parts thereof lie near Tw o Miles distant from the Tenements belonging thereto; lb that the same cannot be manured^ w ithout great Difficulty and Expence; and that the Lands

Tho. Corbett.

in the said Field lie so intermixed, that the Petitioners make little or no Profit thereof; which would be greatly improved, if the same were inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the inclosure of the said Co&mon Field, Common Pastures, Lammas Grounds, Lotting Grounds, and Common Meadows, in such manner as to the House shall lfeem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Chdmberlayn, Mr. Earle, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Phillips,

Mr. Parker, Mr. Archer, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Drummond,

Mr. JVm. Plumer, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Walter Lloyd, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Sir Robert Abdy, Sir Charles Bunbury, Lord 1Middlesex, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Sir John Hind Cot ton, Mr. Eversfield,

Mr. Trejujis, Mr. Yate, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Longueville,

Sir Jaynes Campbell, Sir Hum. Howarth, Mr. Bacon, Sir James Grant, Sir Francis Child\ Mr. Bramston, Mr. Cyoffe, Mr. May, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Loewis, Mr. Emit Campbell, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Hooper, JVfr. Conyers,

Mr. Coster, Mr. Mojlyn, Mr. Walker, Mr. Hungerjbrd,

Mr. Bird, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Semen, Mr. Whitmore, Sir Geo. Wynne, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Shipper,

Mr. Harley, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Campbell, Mr. More,

Mr. Waller, Mr. Foley, Mr. Corbett; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Thomas Erejkine Esquire was presented to Stirling the House, and read, setting forth, That the Freeholders Eless of the County of Stirling having, upon the Thirtieth Day of May last, met and convened in the usual Place, for choosing a Representative for the County, to lerve in the present Parliament, Henry Cunningham of Bolquhan, Representative in the last Parliament, being required to aik the Votes for Preejes and Clerk, of such who appeared in the Sheriff s Books to be entitled to vote in these Questions, declared he would call no Roll, but such as he thought proper; whereupon the Majority of tire Freeholders then present protested, that such Procedure w as contrary to the Freedom of Elections: That the said Henry Cunningham having proceeded to alk the Votes, by a Roll in his Hand, neither signed by the Sheriff nor his Clerk, it appeared that he had called the Names of several Persons according to no Rule, but his own Will and Pleasure:

That this irregular Procedure being complained of, the said Henry Cunningham pretended, that some of the Person?, whom he was complained of for calling, had been inrolled at a former Election, and appeared as such upon, the Sheriff’s Books; but the Truth is, and so it appears from the said Books, that the said Persons, whole Names were. called by the said Henry Cunningham, had been wrongously inrolled, by a few' of the Freeholders, who, at the last Election, upon the 14th of September 1727, had unduly withdrawn themselves from the Freeholders of 9 - the

9 Geo. II.

29® Jamarii.

539

the County, after confututing tlir Meeting by choosing A Petition of the Bailiff, Aldermen, and capital Bur- New Radnor

of P rafts find Clerk: and although those Freeholders, gefics, of the Borough of New Radnor, in behalf of them- EkAion-

who had withdrawn themfeUcs thus, pretended to moke Iclves, ond the rest of the Burgesses of the said Borough,

a separate Flection, yet no Return followed upon the ond also of the Burgesses of the Boroughs of Rayader, fte-

fttnie; and so could not lie deemed a Meeting of Free- vertices, Knighton, and Knucklas, within the C ounty of

holders for Fictions; and by such undue Mean- a Clerk Radnor, was presented to the House, and read; alledging,

and P rafts w ere cholen, as the Petitioner is adviled, con- That no Persons are capuble of being Burgesses of the said

trary to \\: 1 hut, upon the Choosing of the said P rafts contributory Boroughs, but such a* are Inhabitants thereof,

and Clerk, several of the Freeholders present required, and are presented by others of the Inhabitants, at a Court

that the whole lret ladders should take and subscrilic the Leet held for such Boroughs, respectively, as fit Persons

Uatli, dirtfted to be taken by tin; Act of the Se venth of to be elected, and sworn Burgesses of the fame; l>ut

the King, as likewise tJic oilier Uatli ap|>ointed to lie that great numbers of Persons. illegally made Burgesses,

taken by die Act made in tiic Second of the King, lor claimed Voices at the last Election of a Burgess to serve

Preventing of Bribery and Corruption; but several of the in this present Parliament for the said Borough of New

Freeholders delaying to take such Oaths, and the said Radnor; in Prejudice to the Right of the Petitioners,

Henry Cunningham declaring, that there was no (location and the Constitulion of the said Borough: And praying for taking those Oullis, betorc tile Rolls were made up, an Establishment of thut Right.

the otht r Freeholders present, who vou-d for the Pe- And the said Petition being compared with the Petitioner, declared, that they were willing, before proceed- tition of the Bailiff and capital Burgesses of the Borough ing on the Rolls, to take* the said Oaths, and required the of New Radnor, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of salt! Henry Cunningham to administer the same, which he the Burgesses of the said Borough, and also of the Bur-retufed to do: That, by such undue Procedure, tire Roll gestes of the Boroughs of Rayader, Kevenlces, Knighton, for the Election came to be mude up, as the said Henry and Ktruck las, within the County of Radnor, presented to Cunningham and his Clerk, and such of the Freeholders, the House in the last Session of Parliament; who were in the Interest of Sir James Campbell, thought Oret red. That the said Petition be referred to the Con-fit, by rejecting, and expunging from the Roll, such Free- sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Electious: holders who, l>v the Laws of Scotland, were well inlitled And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report to vote ut Elections, and by admitting, and receiving upon the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House. the Rolls, several other Persons, who had no Title to lie A Petition and Representation of the several Bailiffs and

admitted, or received ujkni the Rolls: That the Pc- Burgesses, whole name's are subscribed, on behalf of them-titioner was duly elected Member to serve in tilts present lelves, and other the Burgesses of the several Boroughs of Parliament for the County of Stirling; and that Sir James Knighton, Knucklajs, Ktvcnlecs, and Rayader, within the Campbell, of Ardkintafs, Baronet, was not duly cleft cd, County of Radnor, was presented to the House, and read; ootw itlistanding the Return made by the Sheriff of the letting forth, That the Petitioners, to their great Surprize, laid County, in favour of the said Sir James Campbell: are informed, that a Petition has been delivered to this And praying, 'llmt the House would take the Premises House, in their Names, which alledgcs, That no Persons into Consideration; and give the Petitioner such Relief are capable of being Burgesses of the said Boroughs, but as shall lean meet. such as are Inhabitants thereof, and arc presented by others

A Petition of Sir George Dunbar of Mochnrn, Sir of the Inhabitants, at a Court Leet held for such Boroughs,

Archibald Pinn'ofc of Dunipacc, Mr. James (Irahome of respectively, as fit Persons to be elected and sworn Bnr-Airth, John Gluts of Saachic, John Grahame of Duu- gestes of the fame; but that great Numbers of Persons galftmrc, Sir Michael Bruce of Stcnhouse, Mr. James illegally made Burgesses, claimed Voices at the last Elec-Grahume junior, Advocate, Janus Gntmc of Bucklivie, tion of a burgess to serve in this present Parliament for Mr. James Grainc younger, of Backlivie, Advocate, John ' the Borough of New Radnor; and representing to the Grahame, of Killearn, Hugh Pater/int of Bannock- House, that neither they, or any other of the Burgesses buj%n, younger, James Dundafs of Cajiiecarry, John Dun- of the said Boroughs above-named, have signed the said dafs of Manner. John Er/kinc of lialgonie, George Pi*/- Petition, or authorized any Person so to do on their ton of! ’allyjkldr junior, "Sir. John Macltod, of Mui raving- behalf; and that they do deny the Allegations thereof:

Jide, Advocate, ll'm. Don of Scabtgs, Janus Don of Bon- And therefore praying such Relief in this extraordinary trie side, Archibald Buchanan of Baljunningf Thomas Dun- same as to the House shall feeiu meet dafs of Finga/k, Richard B right of Ker/ic, Alexander Ordered, That the said Petition and Representation be Monro of Auchinbcru ic, John M Lauchlarx of Auch 'm- referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privi-troig, uud John Gib, Bailie of Stirling, for Cowan's Hoi- leges and Elections: And that they do examine the Mat-pital, Freeholders of the County of Stirling, was pre- ter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion fented to the House, and read; complaining of the Par- thereupon, to the House.

tiality of the said Henry Cunningham, in the Election of Ordered', That it be an Instruction to the said Commit-llie laid Pr<efis and Clerk; and aiiedging, That, under tee, That they do hear tlx; Matters of the said Petitions, their Management, the Votes of several Gentlemen, w ho at the same time they hear the Matter of the Petition of had undoubted Right to vote, were refuted, and the the Lord Viscount Bateman, of the Kingdom of Ireland,

Votes of others, who had no Right, were admitted; and complaining of an undue Election and Return for the that, by these, and other illegal Practices, the said Sir laid Borough of New Radnor.

James Campbell w as, by the said Prafcs and Clerk, die

said Henry Cunningham, and certain of their Assistants, A Petition of the Trustees, w hose names are thereunto HighgatQ

declared to be duly elected to serve in Parliament for the subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed E®ad*. said Countw though the said Thomas Erefkine had a Ma- in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queeu jority of legal Votes: And therefore praying the House to Anne, for repairing the Road from Hrghgate Gate-house, take the Premises into Consideration; and to give the Pe- in the County of MidcUeJex, to Barnet Block-house, in the titioner such Relief as to th£ I louse shall fcern meet County of Hertford; and also an Act, passed in the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: George the First, for enlarging the Term granted by the

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report aforesaid Act; and for repairing the Rqad leading from the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House. the Bear Inn in Hadley, to the Sign of the Angel in En-Ordered, That it be an Instruction to tl^e laid Com- field Chace, in the said County of Middlesex; was pre-mittee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Pe- fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the titions upon Friday the Tu enty-seventh Day of February Petitioners having been obliged to borrow a considerable next Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the

VpL, 9$.

first-

54° if Janudrii 1735.

lutt-mentioned Act, lor the Term of Thirteen Years, and continued, by the 1 alt-mentioned Act, for the further Term ot Seventeen Years, in order to amend all the 1 toads directed to be repaired by both the said Acts; Part ot‘ the Money so borrowed is paid off; but there ft ill remains due and owing the Sum of Four hundred Pounds, and upwards; and that although the fame, together with the Income of the said Tolls, except what hath been paid in Part of the Principal, and for the Interest of the Money borrowed, and towards other necessary Expences, have been laid out in amending the said Hoads, yet some Parts thereof, in the Winter SealQii, are in a ruinous Condition; which Roads the Petitioners cannot, during the Term fublilting, effectually repair, nor repay the Money so borrowed, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Acts be enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the said former Acts,' for so long time, and in such manner, as the Iloule shall think proper.

Ordend, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Francis Child', Mr. Pelham, Mr. Treby, Sir George Oxenden, Mr. Dun comb, Mr. A run-dell, Mr. Hooper, Sir Henry Gough, Mr. Hedges, Lord GagCy Mr. Cluttcrbuck, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Condnitty Sir James Campbell, Mr. Ilorfemonden Turnery Mr. Eliot, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Phuntre, Mr. Brad-jhawy Mr. Earle, Sir John St. Aiibin, Lord Harry Pozc-telly Mr. Fortefeue, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. May, Sir John Hind Cot Ion, Mr. Cosler, Sir Robert Long, Sir James Grant, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Jesterys, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Parker, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Foley, Mr. LongiicviitSir Edicai'd Dering, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Hawkins, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Hilton, Mr. Bowes, Sir Humphry Howarth. "Mr.

Guidott, Mr. Foiled, Mr. Bacon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of AFtddlesex and Hertford:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, that some of the Com- Lund and inissioners lor Taxes attended at the Door; House Tax

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to Arrears* the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were handing out at Chrijhnas la ft; with the Names of the respective Receivers in whole Hands the said Arrears remained; distlnguishing each Year, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof: And also,

An Account of what Arrears of Duties upon Houses were handing out at Chrijhnas lait; with the Names of the reipeclive Receivers in whose Hands thosaid Arrears remained; distinguishing each Year, and what Proceeds ings have been had to compel the Pay went thereof.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table; to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Wood, Do- Grecnwid* puty Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, attended at the Iloi’pitid. Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account, shewing how much Money has been received by the Treasurer, on Account of the said Hospital, from Christmas 1734 to G'hri/fa 7iias 1735; and how the same has been applied.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

Greenwich Hospital,’) An ACCOUNT, {hewing how much Money has been received by the Treasurer of the 29th January 1735. y said Hospital, from Christmas 1734 to Chrijhnas 1735; and how the same has beea applied; viz. /

Received on account of Abatements on Seamens Wages, employed in his Majesty’s Service - 3,000 ——

Received for Seamens Sixpences employed in the Merchants Service, ending with October 1735 7,609 1 2J

Received for Forfeitures of ditto to Christmas 1734 - 15 3

Received for the Duties of the Light-houses on the North and South Forelands, ending with

Midjiimmer Quarter 1735 - -.....- - - - 1,739 5 5} ‘

Received for Rents of IIoufes belonging to the Hospital - 554 11 1

Received for the Chaplains Wages, and Groats on the Ordinaries of Dep ford and Woolwich Yards and Yachts - - - - -191 14 —

Received for the Half Pay of the Lieutenant Governor and Officers, for One Year, ending

June 1733 - -.....- - - 648 12 6

Received of the Treasurer of the Navy, to make up £.10,000. granted by an Act: of the

7th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign - - 5,000 ---

Received of the Treasurer of the Navy, Part of £. 10,000. granted last Session of Parliament 5,000 — ---

Received of the Lieutenant Governor and Officers, for Abatements made of 3d. in the Pound

on their \ Pay, as above - - - 1212 —

Received for the Provisions due to the Chaplains of the Ordinaries of Deptford and Woolwich - 35 18 —

Received of the honourable Sir John Jennings, being a Legacy left by one Mrs. Waldron, of

Greenwich - - - - 500-----

Received at the Exchequer, being the Remainder of the late Earl of DerwentwateFs Estate - 5,182 13 — -

Received for Sixpences, abated from Seamen employed in Victualling Vessels, to 31 ft March 1735 19 17 —

£.29,509-711!

Which said Sums, together with the Calli remaining in the Treasurer s Hands on the 25th December 1734, have been applied, as follows; viz.

Treasurer

Treasurer,

To Cash remaining in the Treasurer’s Hands, on 25th December 1734 To sundry imprest Receipts, then uncleared -

D\

£ s-

5,282 10 2,565 18 7i

Ok

o

eg'

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

o§

FT

1L —

Per Contra,

£< # d-

Paid the Houshold Books Six Months, ending March

1735 - . - - - - > 9>792 *

Paid the contingent Account, the same time - - - 305122

Paid sundry Books of Works, the same time - 302 17 4

Paid the Houshold Books Six Months, ending September 1735 - - - - ’ - - - 9>246 15 ill

Paid the contingent Account, the same time - 230 2 —

Paid sundry Books of Works, the feme time - - - 1,555 4 7

Paid for the Purchase of £. 450 in India Bonds* out of the Money received

of Mrs. Waldron s Legacy - -.....-

Paid for the Purchase of £, 5,500 of Three per Cent. Bank Annuities, out of the Money received at the Exchequer of the late Earl of Dericentwater s Estate -

Paid by sundry Imprest Receipts (landing out -

Due to Balance -

For Philip Caxendish Esquire, Treasurer.

James Wood, Deputy.

Cr.

d.

10,400 10 7

11,032 2 474 4

6|

1

5,145-----

3,077 8

30,129 5 8}

- 7,228 M 51

£ 37>357 *7 if

VO

S:

cn

4*

Geo. II.

tiairriion's

Name.

feeariien

employed.

Supply.

29’ — 3 i° fanuarii. 1735.

Ot'dered, Thai the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. tlenry Arthur Herbert presented to the House, According to Order, a Bill to enable John Harrison, an Infant, noW called John Newport, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Newport, pursuant to the Directions of Henry late Earl of Bradfot'd, deceased; And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Pearce, from the Commissioners of the Navy, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 3lit December 1734* to 31st December 1735* upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what muf-tered, in the said Service.

And the Title of the said Account wras read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

Navy Office, } An ACCOUNT of the Number 17th January 1735. j of seamen employed in the

Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31st of December 1734, to 31st December 1735, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what mustered, in the said Service; prepared pursuant to an Order of the honourable House of Commons, dated 23d Instant.

Months. Number of Men /v

r Borne; Mustered.

January - -1734 27,497 22,277

February - — 27,414 22,987

March -1735 27,594 23,581

April — 27,748 24,541

May - — 27,144 24,846

June - — 28,967 26,840

July - - — 29,629 27,491

August < - - — 30,161 27,362

September - - — 30,194 28,017

October - - — 30,089 28,294

November - - — 29,814 26,426

December - - — 29,582 23,852

345,833 306,514

Upon a Medium - 28,819 25,542

Richard Haddock,

Ja. Acworth,

Thomas Pearfe,

G. Pums,

/. Fowler,

Ro. Byng.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Number of effective Men to be provided for Guards and Garisons in Great Britain, and for Guernsey and Jersey, for the Year 1736, be, including One thousand Eight hundred and Fifteen Invalids, and Five hundred Fifty-five Men, which the Six Independent Companies consist of, for the Service of the Highlands, Seventeen thousand Seven hundred and Four Men, Commission and Non-commission Officers included.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred forty-nine thou* land Two hundred Seventy Pounds and Two Shilling?, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the said Seventeen thousand Seven hundred and Four Men; for Guards and Garisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Year 1736.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, hot exceeding Twb hundred sixteen thousand Two hundred Twenty-eight Pounds Ten Shillings hnd tleven Pence, be granted to his Majestyi for maintaining his Majesty s Forces and Garisons in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garisons at Annapolis Royal, Canso, Placentia, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1736.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven Ufoufand One hundred Forty-four Pounds One Shilling and Eleven Pence Farthing, be granted to his Majesty,: for defraying several extraordinary Expences and Services incurred Anno 1735, and not provided forty Parliament.,.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon th6 Question severally put thereupon; agreed to by the House.

A Motion was ma’dd, and the Question being put, fteduffion of That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to the ^rmy* acquaint him with the Readinels wherewith his faithful Commons have agreed to the Continuance of that extra* ordinary Expence, which he hath thought necessary, ill the present Jutfohire; in which Resolution they have concurred with the greater Chearfulness and Willingness, as a suitable and grateful Return to his‘Royal Goodness, in ordering so coriliderable a Reduction of his Forces, both by Sea and Land, as loon as the present Posture of Affairs would permit, and in full Confidence, that it is his Royal Intention, as soon as there shalt be a more perfe6l Reconciliation among^ the several Powders of Europe, to make such further Reduction of his Forces as may be consistent with the Security and Dignity of his Majesty’s Royal Per* foil and Government, and with our present happy Constitution; not doubting, but that, from his fatherly Com-pafftorr to his People, he will be graciously pleased to direct, That whatever Land Forces thall hereafter be thought necessary, be established in such a manner as shall make the Saving more feniible> and the future Burden less grievous to the Nation;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, 5 S'

’IMr. Brantflon:

Tellers for the Noes ISir John

tellers toi me JNoes,| Mr of York

So it passed in the Negative.

] 139-| 205.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock :.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning ways and next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, Means, to considerof Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Saturday Morning next, Nine of the Clpck.

Sabbati, 310 die \

Anno 9* Georgii II’" Regis, 1755-

Prayers.

A COMPLAINT being made to the House, That Privileg*.

Isaac Etourneau, an Oflifcer of the Sheriff of Mid-

dlesex, hath arrested Wm. Higgins, a menial Servant to Colonel Cornwallis, a Member of this House, at the Suit of John JVilfon, in Breach of Privilege of this House;

6 Ordered,

o Geo. II. 31° Janiiarii — 20Februarti: 543

Ordered, That it be deferred to the Committee of Privileges mid Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report Use feme, with their Opinion thereupon, to the I louse.

Surpluffct. Mr. Scrope presented to the 1 louse, pursuant to Uieir Addref9 to his Majesty,

Surplufl’es stated at Lady-day 1735: And also, Surpluses stated at Michaelmas 1733.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Surplusses do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Surplusses are bound up with the other Pajiers of this Session.

pr. Ordered\ That the Thanks of this I louse be given to

iyfeoagh the Reverend Doctor Ayscough, for the Sermon by him preached before this House, Yesterday, at St. Margaret's IVejimhijler; and that he be deli red to print the same: And that Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. ///;. Pitt, Sir 11annas Lyttelton, and Mr. Thomas Pitt, do acquaint him therewith.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Mon>-ing, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 2° die Februarii;

Anno 9* Georgii IP* Regis, 1735. Prayers.

t)ETER CalRfies and Zachary Cahuac took the Oaths

appointed, in order to their Naturalization*

Wminster . Ordered\ That there be laid before this House, ah Abbey. Account, (liewing how the Money granted, the last Sel-fion of Parliament, for the Repair of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, ITejhninjhr, hath been dispoled of.

hblie Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this

D«bti. House, an Account of ull the publick Debts, at the Receipt of his Majesty s Exchequer, clue, or ftauding out, at Chrijhnas 1735, with the annual luterclt, or Sums, paid for the same.

St Martin A Petition of the Vestry and Inhabitants of the Parish in the Fields, of St. Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty of the City j^Uv of II eft min tier, was presented to the House, and read; rc-

’ c# citing an Act, passed in the Eighth \ ear of his present Majestys Reign, lor the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Readies w ithin the Two Parities of St. Jam s, and St. George, Hanover square, within the Liberties of the said City: And praying. That Ixuive may be given to bring in a like Rill to invelt the Vestry of the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields with such Powers, and for such Purposes, ns, by the said recited Act, the Yeftries of the said Two Parishes are impoucred with, as aforesaid, or in such other manner as shall be thought lit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Considerntion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Wager, Lord Sundon, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Treby, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Pultency, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Ilampden, Mr. lUnnington, Mr. Oybhon, Lord Middlefe.v. Sir Justinian Isham, Sir Humph Hoivarth, Mr. P(umpire, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Earle, Colonel On/loTc, Mr. Plumer, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Lehcup, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Richard Plainer, Mr. Lloyd, Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Marshall, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Stcrt, Mr. Goddard, Sir Geo. Wynne, Colonel Bladen, Mr. WolUfton, Mr. Jezvkes, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Wortley, Mr. Hay, Mr. Bromley, Sir Hen. Hoghton, Lord Sidney Beanclerk, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Thompson of York, Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Clutter buck, Mr. Archer, Mr. Bacon, Sir Wilfrid Lazvfon, Sir James Grant, Mr; Hooper, Y o l. 22.

Mr. Hacks, Mr. Corbett, MrJCofter, Lord Morpeth, Sir Edvard Stanley, Mr. Norland, Mr. Par fans. Sir Tho- mas Frankland, Mr. Rosse, Mr. Abercrombie} Mr. Hai

Icy, Mr. Pollen; and all the Members who lerve for the County of Middle feat: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber:

And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to enable John Harrifcn, on Infant, now called HarriWi John Newport, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use tho Surname of Nocport, pursuant to the Directions of Henry late Earl of Bradford, deceased, was read a Second time.

Refotved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hen.

Arthur Herbert, Mr. Pultency, Mr. Whit more, Mr. Sah-dys, Mr. IFinnington, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Thompfcn 6f York, Mr. Brereton, Sir Wilfrid Ixrwfon, Sir Humph.

Hoivarth, Sir Justinian Isham, Mr. Gore, Sir Geo. Wynne,

Mr. C roc, Mr. Mostyn, Mr. Terser, Sir James Campbell,

Mr. Watts, Mr. Ord, Mr. Lehcup, Mr. CnJIer, Mr.

Treby, Lord Sundon, Mr. Hanbuty Williams, Mr. Plump-tre, Sir Geo. Oxendtn, Mr. Lewis, Sir Orlan. Bridgman,

Mr. Wm. Corbet, Mr. Harley, Mr. Conduit, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hanmer, Mr. Ramsden, Mr. Foley, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Pigot, Sir Win. Irby,

Mr. (keen, Sir Richard Corbet, Mr. Fonrjier, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Bailey, Mr.

Bacon, Sir Thomas Hates. Sir Charles Uragci\ Mr. Earle,

Mr. Longueville, I-ord Middlefev, Lord Poluarth, Mr.

Fitzroy, Mr. Pavftms, Mr. Rojfe, Mr. Abercrombie,

Mr. Duncombe, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Burrell, Mr.

Lech mere. Lord Morpeth, Mr. I Fort ley, Sir Edward Dering, Lord Noel Somerset, Sir John Rujhcut, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Hungefjord; and all the Members who serve for the County of Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for naturalizing Peter Callifies and Zachary Cdllifies^&c* Cahuac, was read a Second time. 4 Nat.

Rejnlved, That-the Bill be committed to Sir Humplu Hoimrth, Mr. Owen, Mr. Lacis) Mr. Crosse, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Thompson, Sir Geo. Ox01 den, Mr.

Brereton, Mr. Herbert, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr.

JJoyd, Mr. Corbet, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hampden, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Longueville, Sir Justinian Isham, Mr.

Hawkins, Mr. Archer, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Plainer, Colonel Onslow, Sir Geo. Wynne, Mr. Harley, Mr. Duncombe,

Sir Robert Brown, Colonel Duckett, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Bird, Lord James Cavendish, Mr. lower, Mr.

Campbell, Mr. Goddard, Sir Wilfrid Laze fan, Sir James Grant, I ord Baltimore, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Hacks, Mr.

Coster, Mr. Lehcup, Mr. Bromley, Lord Morpeth, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Andrea s, Mr. Nezvland, Mr. Par-Jons, Sir Thomas Frankland, Mr. Rosse, Mr. Abercrombie:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock; in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Aijlabic, Sir Thomas Holy, Mr. Committee An Jlruther, Mr. IloopCr, Mr. Ashley, Sir Wm. Jollffe, *Jnvl" Mr. Bertie, Sir Justinian Isham, Mr. Banks, Sir John e^e#*

Kay, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Knight, Mr. Laroche,

Mr. Bennet, Mr. Bladen, Mr. Lcchmcrc, Mr. Bowles,

Mr. Lehcup, Mr. Ihvreton, Mr. Lejlie, Mr. Crosse, Mr.

Long, Lord James Cavendish, Sir James Lowther, Mr.

Clavering, Mr. Mazcle, Mr. Conduitt, Mr. Maijier,

Mr. Corbet, Captain Martin, Mr. Danvers, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Delme, Mr. Nezvland, Mr. Duncombe, Sir James Naysmith, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Noel I, Sir JoJ\ Eyles,

Colonel Onjlcriv, Mr. Fall, Mr. Papillon, Sir Thomas Frankland, Mr. Parker, Mr. Gore, Mr. Phillips, Mr.

Polhill, Captain Gough, Captain Pwxis, Mr. Griffith,

Mr. Buirell, Mr. Guidott, Mr. Byng, Mr. Hampden,

Mr. Hacks, Captain Halket, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Hanbunp Williams, Sir Thomas Read, Mr. Hawkins, Mr. Scowen,

Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Sir Thomas Sebright, Mr. Hed-

worth.

'l

(V'*

Repeal of

l Jac. I. against Witchcraft.

v

Suppty.

Ways and Means.

Committee of Privileges.

Whitstable

Roads.

544 ' i° — 3° Fe1735.

worth, Mr. Shut t lew co'th, Mr. Herbert, Serjeant Skinner, Mr. Smelt, Mr. Smith, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Tower, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Treby, Mr. Warren, Mr. Trt-laicney, Mr. Whitworth, Lord Tyrconncl, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. F<2/2c, Mr. be added to the Committee of

Privileges and Elections.

A Bill to repeal the Statute, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act against Conjuration, Witchcraft, and dealing with evil and wicked Spirits, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this. House will, To morrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the' Day being read, for the House tq resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tt) consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this Jdoufe will raise the Supplies necessary for the Service of the ensuing Year, within the Year.

And the previous Question being put, That that Quefr tion be now.put;

It passed in the Negative.

llejolxed, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into' a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they ha-d directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Refolxed, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 30 die Februarii;

Anno Q° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1735. Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Common Council-men, of the City of Canterbwnjg*

and the principal Inhabitants and Tradesmen of the said City, and of the Inhabitants and Farmers dwelling in the several Parishes between the said City, and Whitstable, in the County of Kent, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and rejad; letting forth, That the City of Canterbury is the principal Town of Trade in the Eastern Parts of the said County; and that the Town aftd Port of Whit ft able, in the said County, is the neared Port to the said City; and that the Road leading from the said City to the said Town and Port of Whitstable, by reason of the many heavy Carriages patting and repaying through the lame, is become ruinous and unlafe, and will soon become impallable; and that the several Parishes, through which the said Road runs, have constantlyr every Year, performed their respective Works required by the Law s, and raised a Six Peny Cess at full Rents, and applied it towards repairing the lame; but that the said Road cannot be effectually amended, without Ionic other Pro-.vision for raising Money for that Purpose, and therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into their Consideration; and give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for repairing and widening the said Road from the said City of Canterbury to the said Town and Port of Whitstable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. May, Mr.

Treby, Mr. Longiteville, Mr. Hales, Mr. Gore, Mr. Han-bury Williams, Mr. Tower, Mr. Henley, Mr. Coster,

Lord Polwarth, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Hooper, Mr.

Pollen, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Brereton, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Foley, Mr. Danvers, Colonel Duckett, Mr. Neve land, Mr. Harley, Mr. Alderman Par Jons, '

Mr. Bramston, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Colonel Stuart,

Mr. Yates, Mr. Bacon, Sir Francis Child, Sir Jof Petting-ton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Trcfujis, Sir Edmund Bacon,

Lord Gage, Mr. Plumptrc, Lord Middlesex, Lord John Sacville, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Ongleij, Sir James Grant,

Mr. Archer, Mr. Pturner, Mr- Drummond, Mr. Smelt,

Colonel Griffith, Mr. Vere, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Par Jons,

Mr. Wilmington, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Leheup; and all the Members who serve for the County of Ke?it, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, That Mr. Frecker, from Dispositioa the Treasury, attended at the Door; of Grants

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1735 hath been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 3d Day of February 1735; and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz*

AN

g

eg'

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

0

O

30

FT

p

*0

An A CCO 17 N T, {hewing bow the Money given for the Service of the Year 1735 hath been disposed of; distingtiished under the several Heads, until the 3d Day of February 735»

and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied; with the Deficiency thereupon.

Navy.

Oidnatjcc.

Force*.

Deficiencies.

Os

N3

G R A X T S.

{For Victuals, Wages, and *»Vcar and Tear, of the Navy, and the Victualling thrr ’of, for 00,000 M*n, for I3 Months For the Ordinary of the Navy; and for Half-pay -....

Towards the Support of Greenwich IJospital....

For Ordnance, Sea Services -

For Ditto Land Services -

F01* extraordinary Expences for Land Services, not provided for by Parliament -

"For defraying the Charge of 25,744 Men, for Guards, Gurrifons, kc. Anno 17;>s F'T maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, Anna 17;-, Upon account of Out-pensioners of Chcljia Uospital, -

For defraying several extraordinary Expences and Services incurred, m! not provided ft Upon account of Half-pay to reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Si arm* i, A For Pensions to Officers Widows, who were married before Chrijinr* 171b, for the Year 17 ^5 To complete£. 81,568 51. 11 d. for Services incurred by ati^iiienh v h.s May U\ ’» Force*,

Measures as the Exigencies of his Majesty’s Affair* have required -or a Subsidy to the King of Denmark -

rTo make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, Anno 1733, at Lady day 1735

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, Anno 1733, at MiJuutmas 1735 -

To make good the Deficiency of the General Fund at Michaelmas 1734

To make good the Deficiency of the Grants, Anno 1734, rit.

To the Navy -

To the Ordnance -....

jy Parliament >7:r> -

! in conccrtifij

such other

£ d

- 26,247 12 If>(

- 10,158 2 sl

£ f. d.

1,4 S ,000 — —

98,014 9 7

i 78,000 -

j 3 9

j M.'j'U 1 6

1 7‘M *-:> 4 7{

215.710 6 51

U,*5o 9 1

10,273 1 7i

4y.834 >3 4

3*7®° — —

io.393 5 11

56,250 — —

>07,509 18 -1

— —

37.557 *3 4

3<5.4°5 15 4i

Towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements belonging to the Royal 4fr*an Company on the Coast of Africa Towards settling and securing the Colony of Georgia in America Towards the Repairs of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter's, \Vtsmit\fter - For the Repair of the Tower and Roof of the Parish Church of St. Margo

Margaret, W(jlmit\/ler

The Ways and Means for supplying the said Services. j£*

750.000 ----- By the Malt Duty, Anno 1735.

1.000. 000----- By the Sinking Puud.

500.000 ----- By the Salt Duty.

1.000. 000----- By the Laud Fax, Anno 1735.

9,165 13 — By Arrears of the Malt Duty, Anno 1733.

3>*59 5 >3 —

21,096 9 8 Deficiency of Ways and Means, Anno 1735.

L

1,680,914 9

to,000 --

181,453 5 3

t,i59»6n 1 i\

303.773 6 8J

10.000 -

26.000 -

4,000-----

3,500-----

Sums paid.

£ d.

MSI.303 — 9

10,000 — —

150,000 — —

1*50,297 5 8i

Remains to be paid.

203,773 6 8? 10,000 — — 26,000 — —

4,000 -

3,500-----

3,280,262 a 8 I 3*010,873 13 2

Hefidua of Ways and Means, Anno 1735, nndisposed of, on the Suit Duty Dcfkitucy of Ways and Means, Anno 1735

C

3,280,262 2 8

M. Frecker.

3d February 1735-

£. s. d. 227,611 8 lo

3M53 5 3

9*323 15 5

269,388 9 6

248,291 19 10

£. 21,096 9 8

9 Geo II. 3" Februarii. 545

St Martin’s ii» th-.F.elds N jghlly Watch, &c.

Henley, &c. Roads.

546 30 — 40 Februarii. 1735.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Captain Evans, Mr. Worsely, Mr. Ned ham, Mr. May, Mr. Henley, Mr. Burchett Lord James Cavendish, Mr. Curfon, Mr. Evelyny Mr. Fall, Mr. Fane, §\r James Campbell, Mr. Hinxman, Mr. More, Sir James Naysmith, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Vestryand Inhabitants of the Parish of 67. Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster, is referred.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living in, and travelling through, the Roads leading from Henley Bridge, in the county of * Oxford, to Dorehester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to Milefione, in the Road leading from Magdalen Bridge, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Roads, by reason of many heavy Carriages frequently passing through the fame, are very deep, and, in many Parts thereof, in the Winter-season, dangerous to Passengers; and that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, tl Hough which the said Roads lead, cannot, by the common Method appointed by the Laws now in being for repairing of the Highways of this Kingdom, effectually amend the said Roads: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Roads aforesaid, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Afatter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Wm. Stapleton, Mr. Perrot, Mr. Archer, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Chejkr, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Winnmgton, Mr. Sandys9 Mr. Bacon, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Wm. Carew, Dr. Cotes, Captain Evans, Mr. Lyndfay, Mr. Buncombe, Mr. Boone, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Hay, Mr. Brere ton, Mr. Fox, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Treby, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Fane, Mr. May, Mr. Waller, Mr. Butler, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Hooper, Sir Jofi Pennington, Mr. Hors-nwnden Turner, Sir Wilfrid Laivfon, Mr. Earle, Mr. Gore, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Bawlinfon Earle, Mr. Cockburn, Lord Vere Beauclerk, Sir Nicolas Williams, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Fox, Lord Gage, Mr. Corbet, Sir John Kay, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Wm. Plumer, Mr. Cojler, Mr. Bradjhaiv, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Geo. Beaumont; and all the Members that lerve for the Counties of Oxford, Berks, Wilts, and

Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported Wavl from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it aodMeau. was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House, which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the Eighth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of June 1736, be further continued and charged upop all Malt which shall be made, and all Mura which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder, and Perry, which shall be made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June 1736 to the 24th Day of June 1737.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Dodington, Sir George Oxenden, the Lord Sundon, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Scrope, and Air. Edward , Walpole, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 40 die Februarii;

Anno 9* Georgii IIdI Regis, 1735*

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Wefhniafter Davies, from the Dean and Chapter of Westminster, Abbey, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account, shewing how the Money granted the last Session of Parliament, for the Repair of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster, hath been disposed of.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

An ACCOUNT, shewing how the Money granted the last Session of Parliament, for the Repair of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminfiei\ hath been disposed of; prepared in pursuance of an Order of the honourable House of Commons, gf the 2d Inllant.

£ s.

Remained in Hand, on the Foot of the last Account, laid before this honourable House

on the 25th February 1734 - - 926 6 3

Received the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, granted the last Session of Parliament for

Repair of the said Collegiate Church ----- - 4,000 -

- Charge

4>9z6 6 3 v

Paid to the Mafori, his Bills to Christmas 1735

Paid to the Carpenter, the fame

Paid to the Plumber, the fame

Paid to the Smith, the same -

Paid to the Bricklayer, the fame

Paid to the Glasier, the same -

Paid to the Ropemaker, the same -

Paid to the Charcoalman, the same -

Paid to the Painter, the same -

Paid to the Labourers, the fame

Paid to the Carter, the same -

Paid to the Wheelwright, the fame

Paid to the Wireman, the fame

Paid to the Carver, the same -

Paid to the Pavior, the same

a,595

565

122

130

19

45

8

7

16

66

1

10 2I 17 6* 16 11

1 9r

11 —

14 4

16 1 18 8 18 6

10 —

12 — Paid

New

Rmiinry

Writ

Stpply Bill;

Duties on Malt. &c.

Westminster

Bridge.

9 Geo. II. 4° Februa 547

Paid the Fees of the Two Houses of Parliament for the Clause, in the Land Tax Bill, for

repairing the said Church, and for other Incidents - - - - 99 5 10

Paid to the Surveyor General of the said Repairs, and other Officers, their Allowances - - a 10-

Discharge - . - 3,997 3 4

I s- d-

Charge is - - 4,926 6 3 Discharge is - 3,997 3 4

Remains in Hand - - £. 929 2 11

Owen Davies, Receiver to the Dean and Chapter of Westminster.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

David Papillon F.squire, being chosen a Baron for.. . Town and Port of Dover, in the County of Kent, and also a Baron for the Port of Xezc Romney, in the same County, made his Election to serve for the said Town and Port of Dover:

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker to issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the said Port of New Romney, in the room of the said Mr. Papillon.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year 1736: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Pollen, Mr. Vere, Mr. Guidott, Sir James Nafmylh, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bird, Colonel Onjlmo, Mr. Brereton. Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Treby, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Hay, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Humphry Williams, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Holt Henley, Mr. Corbel, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Iuiroche, Sir Humph. Huwarth, Mr. Curzon, Sir George Cafwall, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Byng, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Shuttleivorih, Sir Francis Child, Captain Purvis, Mr. Walpole, Sir Thomas Frankland, Mr Gregory, Mr. Campbell of Pembrokejh. Mr. Pearje, Mr. Plumer, Mr. WatkinWms. Wynne, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Compton, Mr. Harwey, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Trefujis, Mr. Hawkins, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Walker, Sir Jujlinian I/ham, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Digby, Mr. Philips; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Middlesex, and City of London, and for the Counties of Surry, Kent, Suffix, and Southampton, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all that come are to have Voices.

A Petition of the chief Burgesses, Burgesses and Assistants, and of the Freeholders and Inhabitants, of the City and LII>erty of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the said City and Liberty, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the said City and Liberty hath, for many Years part, greatly increased in Number of Buildings and Inhabitants, and is now become very populous; and that it will be advantageous not only to the said City, but to many other of his Majesty’s Subjects, and to the Publick in general, to have a Bridge created cross the River Diames, from the I lorfe-ferry, in the said City, to iMmbeth, for their more convenient Communication with the several Counties of Surry, Kent, and Sussex: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for erecting a Bridge over the said River Thames, from the Horse-ferry aforesaid, or at such other Place as the House shall think most proper and convenient for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Wager, Lord Sundon, Colonel Sclioyn, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Turner, Lord Baltimore, Mr. IF inning ton, Mr. Dan-combe, Sir James Luther, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Kent, Mr. Edwards, General Wade, Colonel Bladen, Sir Geo. Orenden, Mr. Archer, Mr. Henry Archer, Sir Robert Corbett, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Sartdys, Colonel Murray, Mr. Lehettp, Sir Robert Brozvne, Lord Poticarth, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Wollaston, Mr. Arfcot, Mr. Whitmore, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Williinott, Sir Henry Hoghton, Mr. Cockburn, Mr. Selwyn, Sir George Wynne, Sir Wilfrid Laufon. Sir Edmund Bar on, Mr. Cartivright, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lechmerc, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Hooper, Vo l. 22.

Mr. Thompson of York reported from the Committee, owze to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Navigation. Tradesraen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the City of York, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, have examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof, the following Witness was examined;

Mr. Richard Ellison; Who said, That he surveyed the River Owze and Swale, from St. Mary's Gate, in York, to Richmond, and found it capable of being made completely navigable; a Plan of which River he produced to the Committee; adding, that the same is already navigable from York to Myton, except in very dry Seasons, and may easily be made navigable to Moreton Bridge.

He likewise produced a Plan of the River Dun; and said. That the Navigation thereof from Wilfikc-hvufe to Sikehouse Ferry, is at present imperfect; but that the said River is capable of being made conitanf ly navigable, by cutting near Two Shallows in the said River, which occasion Boats to lie thereon Seven Days out of Fourteen.

He further said, That great Quanties of Goods are carried by Land from Sheffield to Borough Bridge, the Carriage whereof now cods 50 s. per Ton; but that, when the said Navigation shall be completed, and a Communication opened between the River Dun and the River Owze and Szcale, the Price of the Carriage of the said Goods will be reduced to 10 s. per Torn Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to improve, and make navigable, the River Owze and Swale from St. Marys Gate, in the City of York, to Moreton Bridge, in the County of York; and to improve the Navigation of the River Dun, from Wilfike-house, in the Parish of Barmby Dun, to Sikehouse Ferry,

Highgate

Roads.

Supply.

Committee

of

Privileges,

Ouze

Navigation.

Supply Bill Duties on Malt, &c.

548 4* — 5° — 6‘

Ferry, in the said County: And that Mr. Thompfunof York, Sir John Lifter Kaye, Mr. Wilkinson, and Colonel Lyddeli, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Neivland, Mr. Andrews, Mr. White, Mr. Rawlinson Earle, Mr. Robert. Hacks, Mr. lincks, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the Road from High gate G a tehou fe, in the County of Middlesex, to Barnet Blockhouse, in the County of Hertford; and also an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Term granted by the aforesaid Act, and for repairing the Road leading from the Bear Inn, in Hadley, to the Sign of the Angel, in Enfield Chace, in the said County of Middlesex; is referred.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty^fix, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee'.

Mr. Speaker left; the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they haddirested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Manday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 50 die Februarii;

Anno 90 Georgii IP* Regis, 1735.

Prayers.

MR. Thompson of York p re fen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill to improve, and make navigable, the River Ouze and Sxvale, from St. Marys Gate, in the City of York, to Moreton Bridge in the County of York; and to improve the Navigation of the River Dun, from Wilfike-house, in the Parish of Barmby Dun, to Sikehouse Ferry, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

; A Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, - Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year 1736, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

’ Februarii. A. 1735.

Sir Charles Turner, according 10 Order, reported from Supply, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That aSum, not exceeding Seventy-nine thousand Seven hundred and Sixty Pounds Three Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to his Majesty for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service for the Year 1736.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Five hundred and Ninety Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to his Majesty for defraying the extraordinary Expence of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 6° die Februarii;

Anno 9° Georgii Ildf Regis, 1735.

Prayers.

SIR Humphry Howarlh reported from tile Com- Ca]!lfie/ mittee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Peter &c. Nat Callifies and Zachary Cahuac, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of Charles Sheffield Esquire, heretofore Herbert"* called Charles Herbert, was prefen ted to the House, Name, and read; setting forth. That John late Duke of Buckinghamshire and Normanby, by his lad Will and Testament, gave all his real Estate, after the Failure of Issue of his own Body, and subject to an Estate for Life to Catherine now Duchess of Buckinghamshire and Normanby, in Part of the Premises, unto or for the Benefit of the Petitioner, and the Issue of his Body, upon Condition that he or they should, within Three Months after they severally came to be in Possession of any Part of the Premises, take upon him, her, and them, the Surname of Sheffield-, and also endeavour to procure, as soon as they could, an Act of Parliament for the calling him, her, and them, by the Name of Sheffield: That the said John Duke of Buckinghamshire and Normandy died in the Year 1720, leaving Issue, by the said Duchess, Edmund late Duke of Bucking-hamfiire and Normanby, his only Child, who died in the Month of October 1735, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, and unmarried; and that, upon his Death, the Petitioner became entitled, in Possession, to such Parts of the Estate devised by the said Will, as were not given to the said Duchess for her Life; and that the Petitioner hath, ever since the Death of the said Edmund late Duke of Buckinghamshire and Normanby, in Compliance with the Condition contained in the said Will, taken upon himself, and been called by, the Surname of Sheffield, and is desirous that the said Surname should he established and confirmed upon him, and his Ilfue, by authority of Parliament: And

therefore praying. That the House will be pleased to give Leave to bring in a Bill for enabling him, and his issue, to take and use the Surname of Sheffield.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord

VThitlbble

E*mU

American

Colonial

.Trade.

9 Geo. tt. 6a Februarii.

Lord Sidney Beattcferk, and Mr. Gybboh, d6 prepare, and bring irt, the fame.

Sir Tfromas Hales reported from the Committor, to uhom the Petition of the Mayor, Heeorder, Aldermen; and Common-cotincil-men, of the City of Canterbury, and the principal Inhabitants and TradcTincn of the said City, and of the Inhabitants and Fanners dwell ini; in the several Parillu's between the said City, and II'hit stable, in the County of Kent, and Places adjacent; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it ap(H.vurod to them, to the Ilonfe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as follow eth; viz.

The Committee have, pur fount to the Order of the House, examined the Mutter of the Petition;

And, in order to prove the Allegations thereof,

irUlimn IFilkinfu, Suiwyor of the Parish of Blcanc, Vhich lies tetucen Canterbury and ir/iitstable, "as ballet!: Whet, after having acquainted the Committee with the Commodioufnels of the Tow n and Port of IFhitstable, for the Trading to and from the City of Canterbury, gave in Evidence, That a Six-pcny Rate had been laid on the Inhabitants of that Paiiffi, and duly raised and applied, to* Wards repairing the Roads from Canterbury to // hit* stable: And he laid further, Tlmt C omplaint had been friade, of* the Badneis of the Road, to the Justices of Peace for the Division wherein the Parish of B/eiwe lies; whereupon the Clerk to the said Juf tires lent a Letter to the Sui\eynrs of the Highways of that Purith, wherein great Complaint w as made of the lladnt fs of the Roads, h-quiring a more (fit ft mil Repair of the fame: And the said H i'lirf n further laid, Tlmt the Parish of Blame now ftuiuK indicted on Account of the Imcliu fs of their Roads; notwithstanding the Statute-work hud been done, and ull had teen raid'd and applied for repairing the fame., which by Imw is required to be clone, mik'd, and applied, in the Jr vend Parishes through which the Road from Canterbury to I Chit stable lic>.

Edu ard Broadstreet, Surveyor of the Parish of JChit-Stable, and Joseph Talbot, being fevchilly examined, confirmed the F.videnre of Mr. // Hhinfon, with regard to the 'Comroodiouliiefs of the Port of Whit stable, and the Badneis of the Roads; and said. That a Six-peny Rate lmd been laid on the Inhabitants w ithin the Parish of IChit* stable, und had been duly raised, and applied towards repairing the Road; but that the same was found very in-iudicient: That, about Six Weeks ago, a Waggon was there (tuck fafr, to the great Damage of the Owner of it; and that the City of Canterbury, and Town of H’hit stable, had suffered very much, by rcalbn of the Badness and Narrownds of the Road leading from !l hit stable to Canterbury; and that the said Road cannot be effectually repaired, and kept amended, unless some other Provision be made for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Water-side ut IChitstable, to St. Dunstans Cro/s, near the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent: And that Sir Thomas Hales, Mr, May, Sir Eduard Dering, Sir Christopher Poxcell, Mr. Hales, Mr. Papillon, and Mr. Horjt-manden Turner, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officer, or Officers, to lay before this House, an Account of what Quantity of Rum, Spirits, Mclaffes, Syrup, Sugar, and Paneles, have been imported into any of his Majesty s Northern Colonies in America, from any of the French, Dutch, or other foreign Colonies there, since the 25th Day of December 1733> with the Amount of the Duties collected thereon, by virtue of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better fe-

Vol.22.

burirtg the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colouiei in America; dHtinguishing each Colony, and each Year; prepared in pursuance of an Address of this House to his Majesty, in the last Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di-heftions to the proper Officer, or Officers, to lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Rum, Melasses, and Sugar, which have been imported into his Majesty's Northern Colonies in America, from Jamaica, Bar Dadoes, and the Lccu ard Islands; prepared in puriiiance of an Address of this House to his Majesty, in the last Session of Parliament

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officer or Officers, to lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Tonage of such Ships and Vessels, which have been entered, and cleared out, from any of his Majesty s Northern Colonies in America, with Lumber, Flower, or atiy other Goods or Merchandize, to Jamaica, Barbadoes, Antigua, and any other of the Lccuard [/lands, belonging to the Crown of Great Britain; as also to any of the French, Dutch, or any other foreign Settlements in Amei'ica; prepared in puriiiance of an Address of this House to his Majesty, in the last Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously plealid to give Directions to the proper Officer, or Officers, to lay before this House an Account of w hat Seizures have been made, or Forfeitures incurred, in any of the British Plantations q in America, by virtue of an Act of the Sixth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty s Sugur Colonies in America; prepared in pursuance of an Address of this House to his Majesty, in the last Session of Parliament.

Refttved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That lie will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officer, or Officers, to lay be fore this House, an Account of what Seizures have been made, or Forfeitures incurred, in the Kingdom of Ircla?uf, by virtue of an Act, of the Sixth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty s Sugar Colonies in America; prepared in pursuance of an Address of this House to his Majesty, in the last Session of Parliament.

Re/blved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officer, or Officers, to lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Sugar collected in Kind, and the Quantity for which Money ha3 been paid and received on Account of the Four and ail Half per Cent. Duty in Barbadoes, and the Leeward Islands; together with an Account of the Expence of the Officers, and of other Charges in collecting the said Duty in the said Islands; prepared in puriiiance of an Address of this House to his Majesty, in the last Session of Parliament.

ReJ'olved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officer, or Officers, to lay before this House, an Account of the Gross Produce, as it came into this Kingdom, of the Four and an Half per Cent. Duty collected in Barbadoes, and the Leeward Islands, and how much thereof has been paid into the Exchequer; prepared in puriiiance of an Address of this House to his Majesty, in the last Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officer, or Officers, to lay before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Money which has teen raised in the Islands of Jamaica and Barbadoes, and in the Leeward Islands, by any Duties of Impositions on the Importation or Exportation of Negroes, Wines, or any other Goods or Merchandize, or by any other Taxes payable by, or collected upon, the Inhabit 7 A tents

5 50 6° Februa

tants of the fifid Iflaiwls; prepared in purfqnnce of an Address of this* House tQ lfis Majesty, in the last gdfion of Parliament.

'Refokcd, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di-reftioqs to the proper Officer, or Officers, to lay before this House, Copies of the several Representations of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations to his late or present Majesty; and of the Letters written, or other Reprefeptations made, by them, to the principal Secretaries of State, since the 25th Day of March 1715, relating to the State and Condition of any of thq. British 1 Colonies in America, or in relation to their Trade and Cotpmerce; and of the Danger the said Colonies have been, or are apprehended to be in, from the growing Tower of the French in America; prepared in pursuancq of an Address of this House to his Majesty, in the last £efiion of Parliament.

Refotveds That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graejously pleased to give DL sections to the proper Officer, or Officers, to lay before this House, an Account of what Laws were in Force in any uf his. Majesty s Colonies in America on t|ie 25th Day of jlforch 1731; and what Laws have been since passed in any of them, by which any Duties or Impetitions are laid on the Trade and Shipping of this Kingdom, diflin- guishing the Colonies; and of what Steps have been taken, and of the Proceedings which have been had, by the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, for lfis Majesty s Disapprpbatio.n of any of the said Laws, mid of which of them; (bftinguishing for what Terms of Years such Laws were passed, and which of them have had his Majesty’s Dilapprobution; and allb of what Steps have been taken, or Orders and Di rest ions given, since the said 25th Day of March, to any, and which, of the Governors of the said Colonies and Plantations, relating to any Laws which have had his Majesty s Disapprobation, and to the giving their Afient to any Law laying any Duties or Impositions on the Trade and Shipping of this Kingdom for the future; prepared in pursuance of an Address of this lloufe to his Majesty, in the last Session of Parliament.

Re/dived, That an humble Addrefe. be presented tQ his Majesty, That he will be gradually pleased to give Di« reftions to the proper Officer, or Officers, to lay before this House, an Account of what Duties or Impositions are now payable, by any Act or Acts of Aflernbly, in any of the British Colonies and Plantations in America% on the Importation and Exportation of Negroes, Wipes, or other kind of Liquors, or on any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, and Shipping; distinguishing each Duty or Imposition, and each Cplony and Plantation; prepared in pursuance of an Address of this House to hb Majesty, in the last Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That an humble Address he presented to his Majesty, That he will be gracioutty pleased to give Directions to the proper Officer, or Officers, to lay before this House, Copies of the several Reprefeiytatious, Memorials, or Petitions, made 10 his late or present Majesty, or to the principal, Secretaries of State, or Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, since the 25th Day of March 1723, which have not already been laid before this House, relating to any Loftea fuftaiped by his Majesty’s Subjects, by Depredations committed by the Spaniard* in Europe or America.; together with, all Copies or Extracts of any Letters from any of the British Governors in America, Coniuls in Europe, or any Commanders in, chid* or Captains, of his Majesty's Ships, of War, to the Secretaries of State, or Commissioners for Trade and plantations, which have not already beep laid before this House; and ailb Copies or Extracts of all Letters written, and Instructions given, by the Secretaries of State, to any of file Governors of the British Plantations, or any Commanders in chief* or Captains, of, lfis Majesty's Ships of War, which have not already been laid Indore this House, relating tQ the said Holies ffiftafoed, by dm laid Depreda-

tions; prepared in pursuance of an Address of this House to his Majesty, in the last Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty s most honourable Privy Council. -

Mr. Whmington reported from the Committee, to whom ?* the Petition of the Vestry and Inhabitants of the Parish Nightly* of St. Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty of the City Watcn, &c. of Westminster, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in hi? Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the . House, examined the Matter of the Petition;

And, to prove the Allegations thereof,

An Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating the Nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the Two Parishes of St. James, and St. George llaiovet-/guard, within the Liberties of the City of IVtscuinster, was read.

And the following Witnesses were called:

Thomas Middleton, Caileftor of the Nightly Watch Rate, of the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields; Who, being examined, said, That, since the passing the aforesaid Act, he has often been inful ted by Persons who refuted to pay him the said Rate; saying, That the Court of Westminster could not compel them to pay:

That several of the Inhabitants have complained to him of the Loss of their Iron Grates, and other Goods: That a Man was robbed in Flemmings s Row, in the said Parish, for which Robbery the Felon is since executed; and that an Iron Gate was stolen from the House of Mrs. Farfons, in St. Martins Lane, in the said Parish.

Benjamin Godde, Overseer of the Poor of the said Parish, said, That the Beadles have often refuted to obey him in the Parochial Affairs, unless he would pay them for what they did; and that the Number of Watchmen in the said Parish is not sufficient.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better regulating the Nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields, within the City and Liberty of Westminster: And that Mr. Winning-tony Sir Charles Wager, and the Lord Sundon^ do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, or Regulating Bills, for the further regulating Elections of Members Ei«^long» to serve for the Commons, in Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called England: And that Sir John Rushout, Mr. Harley, Mr. Qybbon, Mr. Hanburjj Wit-Hams, Dr. Lee, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Conduit, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Hay, Lord Tyrconnd, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Thomas Saundcrfon, and Mr. Winrungton, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Puniftin^ puoiffiing Mutiny and Defection, and for the better Pay- ^Ul‘n-Y.an0 roent of the Army and their Quarters; and that Mr. € t'rU0D* Andrews, Mr. Iiicvky, and Mr. Secretary at War, da prepare* and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of William Qsbaldeston Esquire, was pre- Scarborous fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at Eieaion. the Election of a Burgefe to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Scarborough, in the County of York, which was on. Monday the 26th of January 1735,. in the room of the Right honourable Sir Wm. Strickland Baronet deccafed, the Right honourable Thomas Hay Esquire, commonly called Lord Ditpplin, and the Petitioner, ftogd Candidates: That the undoubted Right of Election of Burgdles to serve in Parliament for the said Borough is only in the Burge lies who constitute the Common House, or Common Council, of the-laid Borough, cttufiitingqf Two Bailiff^ TwqAJ or oners, Four.

13 Chamberlains,

9 Geo. II. 6° — 9* Februarit. 55 i;

Chamberlains, and T!urtY-fix Burgeflea, annually elected und admitted into the fold Common House, or Council; of which laid Lurgeflcs the Petitioner had a considerable ^Majority, and wa> duly defcied, and therefore ought to have been returned a Keprcfentative for the said Borough: Tlmt John lluntrifs and Allution Belt the Two lluilids of the said Borough, who were the Returning Officer*, and presided at taking the Poll at the said Election, did, in an arbitrary and illegal manner, and contrary to the ancient Right, and coidiant Uliage, of tite laid Bn-rough. admit a great Number of Persons to poll at the said Election, who were not Members of the said Common Council, and who had not any Right to vole-at the find Klc&ion. in favour of the said Lord Duppiin, and in Subvention of the ancient Right and Usage of clccting Burge lies to lene in Parliament for the said Borough; and tlmt the said John J/tutfrif.x and Allot son Hell, and also the said Lord Dupplw, by themselves, their Friends and Agents, were guilty of several other illegal and unwarrantable Pract ices and Proceedings in order to procure Votes for the said Lord Duppiin; and the saul John Huntrifj and Allatfun lull have unduly returned the said Lord Duppiin, in maniieft Prejudice to the Petitioner, who bad u great Majority of legal Votes, and iu Violation of the Rights of the said Borough: And therefore praying such Relief as to the I Joule shall lean just.

Oiviavd, That the said Petition be referred to the Couliderution of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and icport the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the Houkc.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Ibid.Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition upon // cdmjday the Tenth Day of March next.

W®*1 The Order of the Day heiyg read, for the House to ind Mcam. rc^|ve jjg0 a (‘ommitU'c of the whole House, to cuulider f: 11 ther of Ways und Meuns lor railing the Supply grunted to his Mnji fty:

llr/ohcd, 'J'hai this House. will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve ilk If into the said Committee.

Sopply Dili *, The other Order of the Day being read, for the House iHiticon to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

ihJt,&e. ijpou t}jc Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum,

Cyder, and Perry, in tlmt Part of Clival Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year 1 / y

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-Diiltee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, l'liat it be an Inilruftion to the said Committee, Tlmt tiny haw. Power to receive a Clause, to direct, Timt the Dclici.r.cy, whidi shall lie oil the 2,r,\h of March 1736, of the Income of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1734, to fadsfy Principal and Interest eliargcable thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies granted for the Year 173.6.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Cluiir.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair*

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when die Iloule will please to receive die fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-

of tions be adjourned*

Prmkgcs.

Vo I. U9.

And thdn the House adjourned tHl Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna,90 die Februarit;

Anno 9* Georgii Ilai Regis, 1735.

Prayer!

A PETITION of the Manufefturers of Fnftian, and of Wearing of the principolTruders and Inhabitants, in the Town Printed of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and Callicoe*. Places adjacent, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in bcludf of tliemlelves, and other the Manufacturers of Fufrian, and Dealers therein, in the several Comities of Lancaster, Cltester, and Derby, was presented to the House, and fend; setting forth, That great Numbers of Families, in the several Counties aforesaid, have been brought up in the manufacturing Fustians, and many Thousands of Poor are employed therein, and maintained thereby; and the Cotton used therein is intirely the Growth of his Majesty s Plantations; and great Quantities of Linen Yam, the Product of Great Britain and Ireland, are also used therein: That great Quantities of the said Manufactures hare, for several Year3 last past, been printed, and, when printed, used in Apparel and Furniture; but, under Pretence that such Persons as use or wear the said Manufactures, when printed or painted, are liable to the Penalties l.rid by an Act of Parliament, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to pre serve and encourage the Woollen and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for more effectual employing the Poor, by prohibiting the Vie and Wear of all printed, painted, staineJ, or dyed Cuilicoes, in Apparel, Houshold Stuff,

Furniture, or otherwise, after the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1722, except as therein is excepted, feme Prosecutions have been lately set on foot; and several Advertisements published, infmuating, that the same are prohibited hythe said Act; which Advertisements have been industriously banded about, in order to deter People from wearing or using the same in Apparel or Furniture; whereby the farther Improvement of the said Manufactures fa not only discouraged, but the said Trade is wholly ata Hand, and the numerous Poor employed therein are deprived of their Livelihood; and the Traders therein dare not carry oil the said Trade, not knowing what Construction may be put upon the said Act; and that fh# Petitioners are persuaded it was not the Intention of the Ijegiftature to discoorage the Manufactures of our own Country: And therefore praying, That a Bill may be brought in to explain the said Act, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And itia referred to Mr. Shuttleworthy Sir Henry Ifogh-ton, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir Wilfrid JLuwjon, Mr.

Walpole, Mr. Andrexvs, Mr. Clutter buck, Mr. Sctndys Mr. Gybbon, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir ihonias Lowthti\

Sir George Wynne, Mr. Bacojt, Sir Edmund Bacon, Air.

Kingston, Mr. Bi'ercton, Mr. Corbet, Mr. Cere, Mr Edward Walpole, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Ozcen, Mr. Edwards,

Mr. Archer, Mr. Walker, Sir Charles lamer. Colonel Bladen, Mr. Ashe, Mr. Conauitt, Mr. Harley, Mr.

Watte, Sir John Kaye, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Compton,

Mr. Coster, Mr. York, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Tat-bat, Sir Wm. Careu', Mr. Drummond, Mr. Lyndfay,

Sir James Grant, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Cartwright,

Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Httngcrford, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Rutherford, Mr. Packer, Sir Jeremy Sambroke, Colonel Onjlws, Lord John Sackvilte, Mr. Alderman Heath cote,

Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Reran, LordSundon; and all the Members tha* serve for the Counties of Lancaster, York, Cumberland, Westmorland, Northumberland, Chester,

SalopB

55*

9° Februa

& *735'

Salop, Derby, Worcester, Norfolk, Devon, Durham, and Suffolk, and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records*

Highgate Sir Francis Child reported from the Committee, to Roads. whom the Petition of the Trustees, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to putin Execution kn Act, passed in the Tenth Year of; the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the Road, from High-gate Gatehouse, in the County of Middle sex, to Barnet Blockhouse, in the County of Hertford; and also an Act, passed in the' Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for inlarging, the Term granted by the aforesaid Act, and for repairing the Road leading from the Bear Inn, in Hadley, to the Sign of the Angel, in Enfeld Chace, in the said County of Middle firr was referred, that the Committee had examined the ^’Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him #>:report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the Houseand* he, read the Report in his Place.; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order: of the.

House, examined the Matter of the Petition:

By the first-mentioned Act, it appeared, that several Tolls were granted, and directed to be paid, for the Term of Thirteen Years, for amending the Road from Highgate Gatehouse to Barnet Blockhouse; and, by the; last mentioned Act, the Term granted by the First Act was inlarged for a further Term of Seventeen Years; and the Road leading from the Bear Inn, in Hadley, to the Sign of the Angel, in Enfield Chace, was also directed to be repaired.

Then the Petitioners called,

Mr. John Sleech, Surveyor of the said Roads; And he, being examined, said. That the Trustees for putting the said Acts in Execution were obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, in order to amend all the Roads directed to be repaired by both the said Acts; Part of which Money is paid: off, but there still remains due the Sum of £.420; and although the fnne, together with the Income of the said Tolls, except what hath been paid in Part of the Principal, and for the Interest, of the Money borrowed, and towards other necessary Expences, hath been laid out in amending the Roads directed to be repaired, yet feme Parts thereof, in the Winter Season, are in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually repaired, and the Money lb borrowed repaid, unless the Term and Powers granted by the former Acts are inlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making more effectual, and continuing, Two Acts of Parliament, One of the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other of the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from Highgate Gatehouse, in the County of Middlesex, to Barnet Blockhouse, in the County of Hertford; and also the Road leading from the Bear Inn, in Hadley, to the Angela in Enfeld Chafe, in the said County of Middlesex: And that Sir Francis Child; and Mr. Pulteney, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Rochester to Mr. Finch of Maidstone reported from the Committee, Maidstone to whom the Petition of the acting Trustees appointed Roads. for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and inlarging the Road leading from the House called the Sign of the Bells, in the Parish of St. Margaret1 s, in Rochester, to Maidstone, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to re-'poit the fame, as it appeared to them, for the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

delivered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. ‘

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the' House, of the 23d of January ktft, examined the Matter of the Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof, the Petitioners called,

Mr. John Mason: By whose Evidence it appealed to the Committee, That Differences and Disputes-had arisen between the Petitioners, as Trustees for putting in Execution the Act mentioned in the Petition, and several Persons piaffing ‘through the Turnpikes erected in pursuance of that Act*u by reason of the Collectors of the Tolls having demanded and received Toll for such Carriages as carried, and passed through the Turnpikes with Hay arid Green Hop-fpoles: and the several Persons, so passing with such Carriages, refuting to pay Toll, infilling, that such Carriages were exempted from paying the fairie, by a Pro-® viso in the Act aforesaid; which Proviso exempts fevefafc Carriages loaden, as therein particularly mentioned and expressed, from paying Toll; but that the Trustees, think-' ing the y were, by the said Act, impowered to demand and/take Toll for such Carriages as carried Hay and Greeri Hop-poles through the Turnpikes, did direct the Keepers of the Turnpike^gate to demand and take such Toft accordingly; whereupon an Action was brought against One of the Keepers of the Turnpikes* j to recover Damages with respectc to the Exemption from paying the said Toll; and, Issue being joined in that Action, a Verdict was obtained against the said Keeper, at the last Lent Assizes held for the County of Kent, as appeared by thef Pjostea of the Record produced before the Committee.

The said Mr. Mason further said, That if Carriage# carrying Hay, Green Hop poles, and such other Things as are insisted upon to be exempted from paying Toll, shall pals through the Turnpikes Toll-free, the Fund arising by that Act will be so very much lessened, thatr the Trustees will not, during the Continuance of the Term' granted, be able to raise Money sufficient to pay off the Money already borrowed, being £. 1,000 on the Credit of the said Tolls, and to complete the Repairs of the? Roads directed to be amended, and to defray other necessary Expences, unless the said Act be explained, and made more effectual.

And the said Mr. Mason further gave Evidence, That Part of the General Polt Road leading from Maidstone to Rochester, containing, in Length, about Three Quarters of a Mile, was intended to be included in the former Act, lb as the same might have been repaired; but that Part* of the Road, being by Mistake omitted, is very bad, and in a ruinous Condition, in the Winter Season.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the First Year of the' Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and inlarging the Road leading from the House called the Sign of the Bells, in the Parish of St. Margaret's, in Rochester, to Maidstone, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent: and that Mr. Finch of Maidstone and Mr. Horfmanden Turner do prepare,* and bring in, th* fame.

Mr. Henry Arthur Herbert reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable John Harrison, an Infant, now called John Newport, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Newport, pursuant to the Directions of Henry late Earl of Bradford, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Sir William Stapleton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, living in, and travelling

through,

Harrifo

Nam<

Henley

Koa

Exportation ui \Yoo!.

Supply Bill; Duties oil Malt, i\C.

9 Geo. II. 90 — io°

through, the Hoads leading from Henley Bridge, in the Count v of (li ford, to Dorc/u/ter Bridge, and from thence to Ctilham Bridge and Mihstone, in the Road leading to I7*#g-dalen Bridge, in the said County, was referred, That tiic Committee hod examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and uftenvards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the Petition:

Ami, to prove the Allegations thereof, Witnesses were called; viz.

Mr. Richard ICifc, Mr. Robert Underwood, Mr. John Almond: Who, being severally examined, said, That they know the Hoads leading from Henley Bridge, in the County of Or ford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Cut-ham Bridge, and to a Place called Mileflone, in the Hoad leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County, about go Miles in length; and that the same are, by reason of many heavy Carriage.) passing through the fume, become very deep; and that many Parts thereof are so bad in the Winter Season, that it is then dangerous for Travellers to pass and fepafs through the said Roads.

It appeared tn the (Committee, 'Dial the Inhabitants of the several Parishrs, through which the said Hoads do lead, have constantly done a hat they are required by I21W to do, and that the Inhabitants of feme Parishes had done more, which w as not near sufficicntto put and keep some Paris of the Hoads in good Ke|>air, proper Materials for amending the same lying at a great Dilhutcc from many Parts thereof.

And the find Witnrfle* gave further Evidence, That, if the Inhabitants of the Parishes, wherein the Hoads lie, were to do twice as much Work ns they are obliged to do by I-aw, the same would not be sufficient to amend the Roads.

Sir John Doyley Baronet confirmed the Evidence given by the Three Witnesses before examined: And further said. That, some Part" of the Roads (icing so very bad, the same had been several times prdented at the Quarter Sessions held for the County of Oron.

It appeared to trie Committee, from the Ev idence of II the With lies, That, if Half a Crown in the Pound was raised upon the Inhabitants of the several Pariftics, mul laid out on the Roads, the same would not effectually repair all the Roads mentioned in the Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to hriiy in a Bill for repairing the Roeds leading from I/cnley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Cu'hatn Bridge, and to a Place called Mifefiunejm the Hoad leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County: And that SivlFiUiam Stapleton. Sir George Orcnden, Mr. Are/nr, Mr. Packer, Mr. Pc not, and Mr. Robert Hue!:*, do prepare, and bring in, tiic fame.

Ri;(hived. That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of tiic whole House, to consider of Heads for a Bill torthe more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain. and of Wool, and W ool manufactured, from Ireland, to foreign. Parts.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain, called Scotland, for the Service of the Year 1736, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the Iloule; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment^ in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one

Vol. 92.

Februarii. 553

by one; and, upon the Question fovcrally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bein-grolfed.

The other Orders of tiic Day being read;

Rejotved, That this House will, upon // ednesday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itlblf into a Committee of the whole House, to confuler further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Rijolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Ways and next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 1 o° die Februarii;

Atinu 9* Georgii II41 Regis, 1735-

V R A Y E K s.

QllDERED, Thut the Commissioners of Excise do Spirit Li- lav before this House, an Account of the Amount of cence#* the Duties which have arisen by the Licensing of the Retailers of compound Spirits, from Midjummtr 173210 Midfiimmer 1733.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Excise do lay before this House, an Account of w hat Number of Licences were taken out for felling or retailing mixed or compound Spirits, from Midfutmner 1732 to Midfunnner 1733* distinguishing how many were within the Bills of Mortality, and how many were w ithout.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Excise do lay be- Home-madt fore this House, the Amount of the Duties arising from sPint*‘

I some-made Spirits, from Midsummer 1732 to Afulfitmmer

J J)m '

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Excilc do lay be- Foreign Spi-forc this I Ionic, an Account of what Excise has been paid rits* for foreign Spirits and Brandies imported, from Mid-Jammer 1732 to Midsummer 173.5, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Excise do lay be- Spirits ex-forc this House, ail Account of the Quantity of Spirits, porte ’ draw n from Corn in Great Britain, exported; and an Account of the Bounty or Drawback by them allowed or paid for the same; from the 24th of Jane 1733 to the 24th o {June 1735; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay ^tta-brforc this House, an Account of the Quantity of Spirits draw n from Barley, Malt, or other Corn, exported, and the Amount of the Bounty by them paid for the same, from tin? 24th of Jam 1733 to the 24th of June 1735, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do Foreign Spi-lay be fore this House, an Account of what Duties have rits* been paid at the Custom-house in London, and the Out Ports, for foreign Spirits or Brandies imported, from the 24th Day of June 1733 to the 24th of June 1735, distinguishing each Year, and under what Denomination of Brandies die Duty was paid for the lame.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Excise do lay be- Duty on Beer fore this House, an Account of the Produce of the Duty Ale-upon Beer and Ale, from Midfutmner 1732 to Midfum-tner 1735, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Newport the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ* electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newport, in the County of Southampton, in the room of William Fortescue Esquire, now One of the Barons of his Majesty s Court of Exchequer at IVttjiminster.

7 B Mr.

554

i o' — n° Februarii. A. 1735.

St. Martin in the Fields Nightly Watch, &c.

Punishing Mutiny and Defection.

Supply Bill; Duties on Malt, &c.

Repeal of 1 Jac. I. against Witchcraft.

Ilarrifon’s

Name.

Southwark

Election.

Mr. IVinningtcn presented to the Iloulb, according to Order, a Bill for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields* within the Liberties of the City of WeshninJhr: And the same was received; and read the First time.

llejblved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And the same was received, and read the First time.

llefolvedy That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-six, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-six.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bril to repeal the Statute, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act against Conjuration, Witchcraft, and dealing with evil and wicked Spirits, be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfel fin to the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Crojfe took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Crojfe reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordardy That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill to enable John Harrison, an Infant, now called John Newport, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Newport, pursuant to the Directions of Henry late Earl of Bradford, dccealed, was read the Third time.

Refulved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enable John Harrison, an Infant, now called John Newport, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Newport, pursuant to the Directions of Henry Earl of Bradford, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Arthur Herbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Richard Sheppard Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the said Petition was read:

And the Standing Order of the House, made upon Friday the Sixteenth Day of January last, for restraining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to lerve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination in the House of Commons, was also read:

And the last Determination of the House, made upon the Tenth Day of November i 702, concerning the Right of clefting Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry, which is thereby resolved to be only in the Inhabitants thereof paying Scotland Lot, w as also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner were heard.

And the original Poll taken at the said Election being produced by the Bailiff of the said Borough, being the Returning Officer thereof; they examined several Witnesses, as to Declarations made, and Entertainments given, on the Part of the Sitting Member, Mr. Heathcote, before the said Election.

Then they proceeded to produce Evidence, and examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify several Persons who voted for the said Sitting Member.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner having offered to produce Evidence, in order to prove, that several Persons voted for the Petitioner, who appear, by the Bailiffs Poll, to have voted otherwise, and to add them to the Petitioner’s Poll, and to examine them as Witnesses for that Purpose;

And the Counsel for the said Sitting Member having objected to the Admission of their Teltitnony;

And the Counsel for the Petitioner having been heard in Answer to that Objection;

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member having replied to the Answer made to that Objection;

The Counsel on bpth Sides were directed to withdraw.

And the Journal of the House, of the 20th Day of January 1710, in relation to the Ilesolution of the House, in the Calc of Samuel Freeman, w ho was not admitted to prove his Voting at the Election for the County of Rutland\ contrary to the Poll taken by the Sheriff, being read;

And the Journal of the House, of the 14th Day of July 1715, in relation to the liefoiution of the House, in the same of Edward Kemp, who was not admitted to prove, that H iHiam Reynold voted at the Election for the County of Bedford, otherwise than he was set down in the Sheriffs Poll, being also read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That tire Counsel for the Petitioner be admitted to examine Persons w'ho voted at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Southwark, to prove, that they voted otherwise than they were set down to do upon the Bailiffs Poll;

It passed in the Negative, Nemine contradicente.

Then the Counsel on both Sides were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the said Bailiff being examined, as to the Proceedings at the Poll and Scrutiny, and the Care taken to prevent or rectify Mistakes in taking the Poll;

And the Counsel for the Petitioner having proceeded to examine several Witnesses, in order to disqualify leve-ral other Persons who voted for the said Sitting Member;

The Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 11° die Februarii; Anno 90 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1735*

Prayers.

THE IIouie being informed, that One of the She- Improving riffs of the City of London attended at the Door* Ac Street* He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the 0 on on House a Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and

Commons,

9 Geo. II.

Commons of the City of London, in Common Council alfcmhled.

And then lie withdrew.

AimI the said Petition was read; letting forth. That the Petitioners have, with the utmost Concern, ubferved the many Street Robberies, Burglaries, Alurder>, and other heinous Crimes, that have of late been committed in the said C ity, ami Lilxrties thereof; which, as the Petitioners conceive, are in a treat inealure owing to the Iuftiflicienry of the convex Lights wherewith the lidd City hath, of lute Years, liecn lighted, but more i spec’mllv to the total Deleft of such Lights for One Half of the Year, and, lor many Nights, in the other Half: That, lor the hetter preventing these Diferders for the future, and for the greater Safety and Convenience of the Inhabitants of the said City, and all other Persons whole Octillions call upon them to pals through the fame, the Petitioners ore ddi-rous, that a futikient Number of Lamps lie provided, and kept burning, from the Setting to the Kiting of the Sun, throughout the Year; and tlmt the E\|kmice of providing and maintaining such Lights be raised and defrayed by luftieicnt and proper Rates and Assessments on the I nhabi-tants of the said City; but tlmt the same cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That the House will he pleased to give Leave to bring in a Bill for the lx tier Lighting of the said City; or to grant such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-fidcmtion of a Committee: Aud that they do examine the Matter thereof; and rejiort the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Pern/, Sir George Cafwall, Sir John Barnard, Sir Charles Turner, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Sir Geo. fly nut, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Walker, Mr. Aldennan Willi matt, Colonel Bladen, Ijord Dupplin, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Bri/losc, Mr. Byng, Mr. Tyner, Captain Baker, Mr. Breretun% Mr. May, Sir Huger Bun goync, Sir Aicvlas Williams, Mr. Pa pi I Ion, Sir Humph. Hawarth, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. PI inner, Mr. Conduitt, Sir Wilfrid Dnc/bn, Mr. Balle, Colonel Duckett, Mr. Ilux/ey, Mr. Atv/ueu, Mr. 7i//v/«\Mr. Foley, Mr. Horsemonden 'Turner, Mr. Fur, M[ Gray, Mr. Potcnger, Mr. Praaf, Mr.// 'm. Planter, Me.Conyers, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Benghazi, Mr. Pydell, Mr. Tref ujis, Sir Robert Monroe, Mr. Geo. For, Mr. Hitch, Mr. Bacon, Air Pan fins, Lord Xocl Somerset, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Cryffe, Mr. Archer, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Onglcy, Sir James Grant, Air Rutherford, Air Corbet, Mr. Cosler, Mr. Afon/bu, Mr. Bram/lun, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Scropc, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Harley, Mr. Crcxc, Mr. Beam; and all the Members that frrve for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Live of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Rowland Alston reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on the behalf of them-(elves, and the rest of the Trufrees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, paflbd in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Eiilt, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Road from Bigglefwude, in the County of Bedford, to Bugden, and, through A Icon berry, to the lop of Alcon-berry llill, or Cross-post, leading into Sautcry-lane, on the York and Edinburgh Road; and from the said Town of Bugden to ther] ow n oi Huntingdon; and from Croft-hall, in Eaton Solcen, in the said County of Bedford, to Great Stoughton Common, in the said County of Huntingdon; was referred; Tlmt the Committee had examined the Alatter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, Yol VL

555

I’Curing Date the 28th Day of January lust, lm\e examined the Alatter of the Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof,

The Petitioners laid before the Committee the said Act of the Lleveuth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, whereby it ap)>cored, That several Tolls were granted, and made payable, for Twenty-one Years, lor repairing the said Roads, from the ift Day of May 1725.

Then the Petitioners called.

Air. John Bayly, Treasurer of the Tolls collated by the said Act: Who, )>eing examined, said, That, at the time of passing the said Act*, the Highways thereby directed to be repaired and amended, being in a very bad and ruinous Condition, the Trustees were underaNecef-(itv of borrowing a considerable Sum of Money, in order to make the same putTable; and that they have been at very greut Expences in making several long Causeways, tlmt Palfrngers and Carriages might pals and repais with Safety.

And then the said Air. Bayly laid before the Committee, an Account of Aloney received and ditbursed, on account of the said Act, from the lit of May 1725 to the 2qth of September 1735; w hereby it apj>cared. That there w as due to several Persons, on Mortgage, the Sum of £. 1,560; and to the Treasurer, for Five Years Salary, and for Alonies dilburied by him, and other Persons, on account of the said Roads, the Sum of £. 305 1 71; lb that, in the Whole, there is a Debt of £. 1,865 1 7}.

The lit id Mr. Bayly further laid, That, though the Money borrowed, and the Tolls collected, have been duly laid out in the repairing the Roads, yet the same ore (till very bad, and almost impassable in many Places in the Winter Season; and that, in order to complete the Repairs, the Trustees will be obliged to erect a Bridge at Temp ford, and make several more long Canleways, and other uecefliiry Works, on the said Roads; which will be so expensive, that they cannot repay the Money borrowed, and effectually repair the Roads directed to be amended, unless the lubGlting Term be inlarged, and an additional Toll, and feme other Powers, be granted.

HiI Ham AJlell Esquire said. That the Parishioners of the several Parishes, through which the said Roads lead, have constantly done their Statute-work, as they are by Law required.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for in-larging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Road from Bigglc/icade, in the C ounty of Bedford, to Bugden, and, through A Icon berry, to the Top oi A Icon berry Hill, or Crnft-pofi, leading into Saute ry-lane, on the York and Edinburgh Road; and from the said Town oi Bugden to the Town of Huntingdon; and from Croft-hall,.in Eaton Sokert, in the said County of Be ford, to Great Stoughton Common, in the said County of Huntingdon: And that Sir Rowland Alston, Sir Roger Burgoyne, Mr. Onglcy, Mr. Pigot, Brigadier liandafyde, and Air. Edu ard Montagu, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to whom die Petition of Edward Partheriche Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Aldenninster, otherw ile Aldennafion, in the Parish of Aldenninster, otherwise Aldennafion, in the County of Worcester, John Grove Esquire, '1/iomas Mil-ward, and others, w hole Names are thereunto subscribed, Freeholders w ithin the said Manor, and Henry Sheicard, Vicar of the said Parish; which laid Thomas Milward isalfo Impropriator of the Rectory and Parish Church of Alderminster, othermie A/den?iaJion,vAoreimd, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Alatter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The

ii0 Februarii.

Alderminster

inclosure.

556

11 ° Febru

4- 1735-

I>htors Pc: it ion.

Answer to Addresses.

Repeal of l Jac. I. against Witchcraft.

Ptaiishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Callifies'jiSfC. Nat.

' The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the Petition:

And, in order to prove the Allegations thereof,

John Pa?'the riche was called: Who, being examined, proved the Signing of the Petition by each of the Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed; and laid, That they only, had a Right of Common in the Common Field, called Alciayninjlei*, otherwi le A Idermafton, C otnmon Field, and all the rest of the Lands mentioned in the Petition; hut that Three other Persons, who had not signed the Petition, claimed, and each of them had a Right to, a Day s Mowing in the Common Meadows, which Right, however, the uelired Incloibre would be no Hindrance to their Hill enjoying: And he further said, That the said Common Fields and Common Meadows are of a very large Extent, and that several Parts thereof lie near Two Miles distant from the Tenements belonging thereto, so that the same cannot be manured without great Difficulty and Expence; and that the Lands in the said Common Fields lie so intermixed, that little or no Profit is or can be made thereof by the Petitioners; but that the fame, if inclosed, would be very much improved.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the Common Field called Alderminster Common Field, Common Pastures, and other Common Grounds, in the Parish of Alderminster, in the County of JVarceJier: And that Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mx. Walter Lloyd, Sir Hcrbei't Perrot Paddington, and Mr. Lech-mere, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several poor Prisoners, now- confined in his Majesty’s Prison for the City and County or Exon for Debt, in behalf of themselves, and many others in the like unhappy Condition, within the several Prisons of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Addresses of Friday last, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House the several Accounts and Copies therein mentioned, prepared in pursuance of several Addresses of this House to his Majesty, in the last Session of Parliament, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give the proper Orders thereupon.

Mr. Crosse, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal the Statute, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act against Con juration, Witchcraft, and dealing with evil and wicked Spirits, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

R 'efolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Peter Callifies and Zachary Cahuac, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Peter Callifies and Zachary Cahuac.

Ordered, That Sir Humphry Hoxvarth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Com- William Na-monalty, of the City of Lincoln, and of the Mayor and i

Burgesses of the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, and of several Lords and Proprietors of many Thousand of Acres of low and surrounded Grounds ou the South-weft Side of the River Witham, in the said County, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other Lords and Proprietors of the said low and lurrounded Grounds, was presented to the House, and read; alledging, That the said Hiver Witham, toward the said Borough of Boston, is, for many Miles together, lb narrow and winding, and, of late Years, lb filled up, that the Navigation thereof is not only much prejudiced, and in Danger of being wholly loft, but the said low Grounds are almost always overflowed, and in a great measure become useless to the Owners and Occupiers thereof, for want of a sufficient Outfall for their Waters toward the Sea; and that, in order to restore the said Navigation, and efleClually to drain the said low Grounds, the said City of Lincoln, and Borough of Bqfton, have come to an Agreement, with the Lords and Proprietors of the said low Grounds, for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for restoring the Navigation of the said River, and for draining the said low Grounds, in such manner as to the House fliull seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Audit is referred to Mr. Monson, Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr.

Winnington, Mr. Arundel I, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Trehy,

Colonel Griffith, Mr. Archer, Mr. Bra [fey. Brigadier Handafydc, Mr. Ashe, Mr. Cluttcrbuck, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Nicolas Williams, Mr. Owen, Captain Baker, Mr. Bacon,

Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Gore, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Pit, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Grenville, Mr. lien.

Archer, Dr. Lee, Mr. Kinajion, Mr. Hay, Mr. Butler,

Mr. Bowes, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Lijle, Mr. Wm. Pturner, Mr.

Richard Plumer, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Hampden,

Mr. Lcchmere, Sir Wm. Gage, Mr. Worthy, Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Gybbon; Sir James Nqfmyth, Lord Wallingford, Mr.

Hooper, Sir Thomas Clark, Sir Francis Child, Sir Wm.

Heathcote, Colonel Lyddell, Mr. Rutherford, Sir James Grant, Dr. Cotes, Mr. Lawton, Sir Humph. Ilowarth,

SWJohn Rushout, Mr. Phillips; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Northampton,

Nottingham, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Reverend George Wade, Doflor in c.ainfbo-Divinity, Vicar, Cordall Slorrs, John Christopher, and rough Henry Parr, Churchwardens of the Parish of Gainsbo- Church-7'ough, in the County of Lincoln, and of the Committee appointed by the Parishioners in Vestry, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; alledging.

That the Church of the said Parish, being an ancient Fabrick, is in the utnioft Danger of falling; and that it is the unanimous Opinion of several very able and experienced Workmen appointed by the Parish to survey and examine the Condition of the said Church, that the same Cannot be any longer supported by Repairs, but must be intirely rebuilt: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Parishioners of the said Parish to rebuild the said Church, in such manlier as the House shall think fit.

y Ordered,

9 Geo. II. 11° — 11° VetfuaYiu

557

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that tiicy do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. I yner, Lord /Farrington, Mn Curfon, Sir Thomas Sounder foil, Mr. H’innington, Sir Geo. Oretiden, I xml /Falling) ord, Mr. Byfig, Lord Noel Sumerfet, Mr. Pitt, Mr. A or/, Sir IFm. Ilyndham, Lord James (\rvrndijlt. Mr. For, Mr. // right c, Sir Fran* cis Child, Mr. I ere, Ix>ni Sidney lkauclcrk, Mr. Seluyn, Mr. Par/vns, Mr. Cryffe, Mr. IIanbury I f ill/a ms, Mr. Pollen, Mr. lime ton, Sir Edmund Paeon, Sir IF if rid Lou foil, Mr. P turner, Sir Charks Turner, Sir ('harks Mordaunt. Mr. Nncland, Sir John 11hide Cot ton , Mr. lloubton, Mr. Doddingtun, Mr. Peorfe, Sir IFm. Came, Mr. Turner, Mr Corbitt, Mr. Maijler, Mr. /Foliar, Mr.

I fucks, Mr. More, Mr. Laroclu, Sir John lleathcotc, Mr. Alderman lleathcotc, Sir Rowland A/ston, Sir John Shelby, Sir//>;. lleathcotc, Mr Gregory, Mr. Pi umpire, Mr. Thomp/in, Mr. IFUkinjbn, Mr. Thomas Tmcer, Sir Robert Clifton, Lord Tyrconnel, Mr. Juiifai, Sir Jermyn Dovers, Mr. C/o:e!e, Mr. Alojler, Mr. Thomas Noel/, Mr. // o: f b a, Lord Galtway, Lord Gage, Sir James Campbell, Sir Jam.s Grant, Mr. Chester, Mr. Jajler, Sir Edmund Paeon of Gillingham, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Pel* ham. Air. PoihiU, Mr. Ih*ipcr, Mr. Barlow, Mr. Hump-den. Air. Coder, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir Hump. Mo* vou.r, Mr. Piipi/ion, Mr. (Jnglci/, Mr. LongutriUe, Sir Chn/lnpher PaiceH, Sir Francis tim;nton. Mr. It i/ndham, Mr. Arundit, Lord l\ re Beaucbrk; and all the AI embers who ‘ w for the Counties of Lincoln and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, ut Live of the Clock, in the S|K*akerV Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Pupers, and Accords.

Jmtrmnify Ol 'drred, That Leave be given to brine in a Bill to

i*vOan:ins indemnify Persons who have omitted to make and fub-toh.nDcclu- fenbe the Declarations contained in the Act of Uniformity ItUuCA* of the l ;}tli and 14th Years of King Charles the Second, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing fur-tiier Time for doing thereof: And that Sir Geo. O.iendni, and Mr. I Finning ton, do prepare, and bring in, the (kmc.

Supply. The Order of the Day, for the House to relblvc itself into a Committee of the w hole IJoule, to confulcr further of tile Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the ordinary EUinntc of his Majesty s Navy, for the Year 173b, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the Iloufe resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker rest lined the Chair.

Sir Charlt s Tumcr reported from the Committee, That they had come to levcrul Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the Iloufe will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to tit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Committee of Ordered, That the Committee of Priv ileges and Elec-

Privilege*, tions be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock*

Jovis, 12° die Februarii \

Anno 9* Georgii II41 Regis, 1735.

Prayers.

H E House being informed, That Joseph Caddy, Scathwark JL now a Prisoner in the Custody of the Keeper of Election.

1 Food* ft red Compter, in the City of London, is a material Witness to be examined touching the Matter of the Petition of Richard Sheppard Esquire, complaining of an undue Elcflion and Return for the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry, appointed to be further heard, at tiic Bar of this House this day;

Ordered, That the said Joseph Caddy be brought to the Bar of this House immediately: And that Air. Speaker do issue his Warrants to the Keeper of the said Prison, and to the Serjeant at Anns attending this House, accordingly.

Ordered, That the proper Officer, or Officers, do lay English and before this House, an Account of w hat English Sail-cloth l(orPl&n has been exported, from Christmas 1729 to Chrijhnas clolh*

1733, together with an Account of the Bounty which has been paid thereon; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer, or Officers, do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of foreign Sail-cloih imported into England, from Chnjbnas 1729 to Chrijhnas 1735; distinguishing each Year; with an Account of the Duty paid for the same, and what Quantity has been re-ex|>orted.

Ordered, That the proper Officer, or Officers, do lay Woollen* exr before this House, an Account of what Quantity of porud to Woollen Manufactures of England has been exported to Russia-Ruffin, from Chrijhnas 1729 to Christmas 1735; distin-guishing each Year.

A Petition of several substantial Freeholders, Lease- Gainfbo-holders and Tenants, within the Town and Parish of Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the I Ionic, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners arc informed, that a Design is carrying on, by l'ome few Persons living within the said Town, several of whom have not any Land there, together with several other Persons of low Circumstances, for bringing in a Bill into this House for the pulling down of the Parish Church of Gain/bo/vugh aforesaid, and building a new one much larger; which, the Petitioners are apprehensive, cannot be clone but at a very great Expence, and to the Ruin of several Families, a certain Tax being proposed to be laid upon the several Freeholders within the said Parish, at a Pound Rate: And therefore the Petitioners apprehending that the Parish Church of Gainsborough aforesaid is not in any immediate Danger, and that, by laying out Three or Four hundred Pounds in the Repairs thereof, the same may be put into lb good a Condition, as to stand a great Number of Years, praying, That the House will please to give them Leave to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, before the same shall be permitted to pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Reverend George IFade, Do&orin Divinity, Vicar, Cordell St M's, John Chnjlopher, and Henry Parr, Churchwardens, of the Parish of Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, and of the Committee appointed by the Parishioners in Vestry, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, is referred; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Petition, for a Bill to enable the Parishioners of the said Parish to rebuild the said Church.

Vol. 22.

7 (f A Petition

558 12 FebruA. 1735.

Stowfer Na- A "Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands and granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards the Stipulation* Mills adjoining to and near the River Slower, in the Coun- port of the Royal Hospital of Greenwich, for the b ‘tter ties of Essex and Suffolk, whole Names are thereunto Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out, subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other Owners and become decrepit, in the service of their Country, and Occupiers of Lands and Mills near the said River* Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, was presented to the House, and read; alledging, That, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-four thousand Five loon after the Palling of an Act of Parliament, made in hundred Eighteen Pounds Ten Shillings, be granted to the Fourth and Fifth Year of the Reign of her late Ma- his Majesty, upon Account, for Out Petitioners 0fCheljca jesty Queen Anne, for impowering certain Persons, there* Hospital, for the Year 1736.

in named, to be Undertakers for making the said River The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second navigable from the Town oiManingtree, in the said County time, were, upon the Question fev erally put thereupon, of Essex, to the Town of Sudbury, in the said County of agreed to by the House.

Suffolk, the Undertakers did cut the Banks and Land adjoining to the said River, and also set up Locks and An ingrossed Bill to repeal the Statute, made in the Repeal of Stanches, and made other Works and Conveniences, in First Year of the Reign of King James the First, inti- 1 Jac I. order to carry on the said Navigation; and have ever tiiled, An Act against Conjuration, Witchcraft, and deal- \viuhaatt, since, by their Agents, Workmen, and Servants, done, ing with evil and wicked Spirits, was read the Third and continue to do, great Damage to the Properties of the time.

Petitioners, without giving sufficient Satisfaction for the Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title fame; and that most Part of the Commissioners named, be, An Act to repeal the Statute, made in the First Year in the said Act, for determining Differences between the of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act said Undertakers, and Persons injured in their Lands and against Conjuration, Witchcraft, and dealing with evil and Properties by the said Navigation, being dead; and many wicked Spirits: except so much thereof as repeals an Act,

Dounts and Disputes having arilen in relation to the several of the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, subsequent Nominations and Appointments, which have against Conjurations, Inchantments, and Witchcrafts, been made, of new Commissioners, to liipply the Places of Ordered, That Mr. Conduitt do carry the Bill to the such as were dead; the Petitioners are thereby deprived of Lords, and desire their Concurrence, the Means prescribed, in the said Act, of ascertaining the ir

Damages by the Mediation of the Commissioners, or of The House proceeded, according to Order, to the Souibwuk the Views or Assessments of Juries: That the Methods further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Richard Elfca^ and Rules in the said Act mentioned, for Payment of the Sheppard Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Petitioners for such Damages as they have or shall sustain, Return for the Borough of Southwark, in the County of in their properties and Estates, by the said Navigation, Surry.

and for recovering Satisfaction for the fame, are found de- And the Counsel on both Sides were called in: festive: And therefore praying, That Leave may be And the Counsel for the Petitioner proceeded to examine given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said several Witnesses, in order to disqualify several Persons Act; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief who voted for the Sitting Member, Mr. Heathcote, at the in the Premises as to the House shall feern meet. said Election, as being Aliens:

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- And having proposed to disqualify Thomas Goman, who sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine voted for the said Sitting Member at the said Election, as the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ap- having received a Bribe for his Vote, they offered to exa-peartothem, to the House: mine him, in order to prove his Receipt of the said

And it is referred to Mr. Bramston, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Bribe:

Plumptre, Mr. Yates, Mr. Wollqfton, Mr. Hucks, Sir The Counsel for the Sitting Member objected, That Win. Heathcote, Mr Longueville, Mr. Lewis, Mv.Kent, he was not a competent Witness, having, at the said Mr. IlUxley, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Walker, Mr. Treby, Election, taken the Oath appointed, by the Act of the BrigadierHandafyde, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Hen- Second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to be taken ley, Mr. Inwcn, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Thompson, by Electors of Members to serve for the Commons in Sir Win. Irby, Mr. CluttcrbucJ:, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Hou- Parliament:

blon, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Sandys. Sir John Hinde And several Witnesses being examined, in Support of Cotton, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Gage, Mr. Gore, Mr. Archer, that Objection:

Lord Wallingford, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Buncombe, The Counsel for the Petitioner were heard, in Anftrer

Sir Thomas Clarke, Lord Polzcarth, Mr. Laroche, Mr. thereto:

Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Hay, Mr. Trejufis, Mr. Waller, And the Counsel for the Sitting Member having re-

Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Bacon, Sir James Grant, Sir plied to the Answer made to that Objection;

Robert Grosvenor, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Scawen, Sir The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

John Barnard', and all the Members who serve for the And an Act made in . Second Year of his present Counties of Essex and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Majesty s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Cham- preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Elections of ber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Members to serve in Parliament, being read;

Records. A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the Petitioner's Counsel be admitted to examine Tho-3apply. Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from mas Gaman, to prove his having received a Bribe to give

the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- his Vote for the Sitting Member, the said Thomas Gaman ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Ma- having, at the time of the Election, taken the Oath, jesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to re- which, by the Act for preventing Bribery and Corruption port to the House; which he read in his Place; and af- in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, is terwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the appointed, if demanded, as therein is mentioned, to be Tame were read; and are as followeth; viz. taken by Persons having, or claiming to have, a Right to

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, vote at Elections of Members to serve for the Commons That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Seventeen thou- in Parliament; sand Two hundred Sixty-nine Pounds Four Shillings and It passed in the Negative.

Ten-pence, be granted to his Majesty for the Ordinary of Then the Counsel on both Sides were again called in; the Navy, including Half-pay to Sea Officers, for the and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Rcfo-Year 1736. / lution.

J Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Then the Counsel for the Petitioner examined several That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be Witnesses, in order to disqualify the said Thomas Gamw,

6 and

Exportation of WooL

9 Geo. II. 1 — 15"

559

and several other Persons, who voted for the said Sitting Member <st the (kid Election, as having received Bribes for their Votes.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner having alledged, That the Returning Officer, though required oy the Petitioner, and other Persons on his Behalf, both before and at the Declaration of the Numbers on the Scrutiny, refilled to give any Account what Votes he had allowed, or diiallowed, or his lteafoos for lb doing:

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member having admitted the lame;

The Counsel for the Petitioner summed up their Evidence.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next

The other Order of the Day being read;

ReJ'ohcd, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Heads for a Bill for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, and of Wool, and Wool manufactured, from Ireland, to foreign Parts.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 130 die Fe

Anno 90 Georgii II41 Regis, 1735*

Prayers.

H E House being informed, that some of the Spirit£i- Commissioners of the Excise attended at the CCIIC*,

Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to thft House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Amount of the Duties which have arisen by the Licensing of the Retailers of Compound Spirits* from Midsummer 1732 to Midsummer 1733: And also,

An Account of what Number of Licences were taken out for felling or retailing Mixed or Compound Spirits, from Midsummer 1732 to Midsummer 1733; distinguidling how many were within the Bills of Mortality, and how many were without: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Duties arising from Home-made Home-made Spirits, from Midfutnmer 1732 to ATuUummer sPklts-1735: And also.

An Account of what Excise has been paid for Foreign Foreign Spi-Spiritsand Brandies imported from Midsummer 1732 to rits* Midsummer 1735; distinguishing each Year; And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Spirits drawn from Spirit* ex-Com in Great Britain exported, and the Amount of the Porled# Drawback allowed or paid for the same, from the 24th June 1733, to the 24th June 1735; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Produce of the Duty upon Beer Duty on Beer and Ale, from Midsummer 1732 to Midsummer 1735; and Ale* distinguishing each Vear.

And then they withdrew.

Aud the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Hie laid Accounts are as followeth; viz.

£ s- d.

THE Amount of the Duties which have arisen by the Licensing of the Retailers of Compound

Spirits, from Midsummer 1732 to AVidfianmer 1733 - - - - 1,618. 16. 10.

Excise Office,

London, 13th February, 1735.

Valent Comyn, Accomptant General,

John JVhetha

Cka. Polhill,

J. Fowle,

Tho. Wyhk, James Va'n,

1L Eyre,

Horatio Tawnjhend, Tho. Robifijon.

An ACCOUNT of what Number of Licences were taken out for felling or retailing Mixed or Compound Spirits, from Midsummer 1732 to Midsummer >7 3ii distinguishing how many were within the Bills of Mortality, and how many were without.

Number of Licences taken out, within the Bills of Mortality, from Midsummer 1732 to And»

J'umtner 1733.....23

Without the Bills of Mortality, from Midsummer 1732 to Midsummer 173 J None.

Excise Office,

London, 13th February 1735.

Valens Comyn, Accomptant General.

John IVhetham,

Cha. PolhiU,

J. Fowle,

Tho. Wylde>

James Vernon,

R. Eyre,

Horatio Torwnjhend^ Tho. Robinson,

Excise.

560

13° Februarii.

.1735.

Excise. An- ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Duties arising from Home-made Spirits, from Midsummer 1732 to Midsummer 1735; Viz.

& 9- d.

u 1 L. . 121,^63 1 lot

- . - 15i,©10 13 2i

; ~ , - 154,094 16 61

0733

Year ended 24th June! 1734 U735

Excise Office,

13th February 1735*

Examined per Hen. Needier, Accomptant General*

426,368 11 7i

John tVhethaih,

Cha. Polhilt,

J. Fotb'lc,

Tho. Wylde,

Horatio Toinifhertd, Ja. Vernon,

Tho. Robinson, R. Eyre.

Excise* An ACCOUNT of what Excise has been paid for Foreign Spirits and' Brandies imported, from Mid* summer 1732 to Midsummer 1735; diliinguilhingeach Year; viz.

0733 ....

Year ended 25th Juiiel 1734 - -

(1735

Excise Office,

13th February 1735,

Examined per Hen. Needier, Accomptant General.

3*7>6ot 5 2 127,276 6 7 137,692 10 lof

382,570 2 71

John Whctham, f C/ui. Polhilt,

J. Fozcle,

Tho. Wylde, Horatio Toxcnjhend, Ja. Vernon, Tho. Robinson, R. Eyre.

Excise. An ACCOUNT of the Quantities of Spirits drawn from Corn in Great Britain exported, and the - Amount of the Drawback allowed or paid for the lame, from the 24th June 1733, to the 24th June 1735» distinguishing each Year; viz.

Year ended 24th Junc\\]^ -

(.1735 -

Excise Office,

13th February 1735.

Examined per Hen. Needier, Accomptant Generali

N. B. The Bounty is paid at the Custom-house.

Quantities of Spirits. Drawback.

' Gallons. £. s. d.

22,695 44i 5 5f

32,387 6?8 13 <2$

55,082 1,069 18 7*

Cha. Polhilt, J. Fowle, Tho. Wylde, Horatio Toxvnjhaid Ja. Vernon, Tho. Robinson, R. Eyre.

Excise, An ACCOUNT of the Produce of the Duty upon Beer and Ale, from Midsummer 1732 to Midsummer r 1735; distinguishing each Year; viz±

i. £ 9. d.

)1733 - - - - 1,067,96310 31

Year ended 24 June — > 1734.....1,063,504 2 11

J1735 1,021,370 9 10

3,152,838 3 of

Excise Office, John Whctham,

13th February 1735. Cha. Polhilt,

J. Fowle,

Examined per Hen. Needier, Accomptant General* Tho. Wylde,

Horatio Townfield, Ja. Vernon,

Tho. Robinson, R. Eyre.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be'perused by the Members of the House.

S\innin^-lane A Petition of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for Read*. the County of Berks, in their General Quarter Sessions assembled at Reading, in and for the said County, on Tueflay the 13th Day of January 1735, and of several Commissioners appointed in and by the Acts of Parliament therein after-mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, by an Act, made i:\ the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways from Maidenhead Bridge to Sunning-lane End, next to Twiford, in the Road to Reading, and from the said Bridge to Hailey Bridge, in the County of Berks, several Tolls and Duties were granted, and made payable, for repairing the said Highways; which said Act was, by another Act, made in the First Year of his present Majesty, made more effectual; and that the Highways, trom Sunning-lane End aforesaid, to the Bear Inn in Reading aforesaid, are become very ruinous, by means of the many heavy Loads and Carriages which continually pais

the

9 Geo. II. Februatii§61

flic Tame: and that although the Inliabitant* of the fevc- bell, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Corbet, Sir Wm. Yonge\ and all ' ral Parishes, in which the said Hoads lie, have done their the Members who servefor the Counties of Berks, South-Duty; yet the time cannot be effectually repaired with- ampton, Wilts, and Surrey: And they are to meet tins out the Aid of an Act of Parliament; and that the said Afternoon, at l ive of the Clock, in the Speakers Cham-Highways, in the said AfU mentioned, are lb far repaired, her: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and that the said Acts may well be extended to the repairing Records, the fail! Highways Irom Sunning-lane End to the Bair

Inn aforesaid, without la\ing any new Duty, the same Ordered[ That Mr. Bootle and Mr. May be added to Wearing of

being between '1 hrcc and Font Miles only in Length, the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Manu- Printed

and the great Hoad between London, Bristol, and Bath: fasturers of Euftian, and of the principal Traders and Cocoes.

And therefore proving, That Leave may he given to bring Inhabitants in the Town of Alanchester, in the County

in a Bill to extend the said recited Acts, to the repairing Palatine of Lancaster, and Places adjacent, whose Names the said Highways from Sunning-lane End to live Bear are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and Inn ttforefaia, unde ral I and every the Powers, Authorities other the Manufacturers of Fustian, and Dealers therein, penalties, and Claufcs, in the said recited Acts contained; in the several Counties of Lancaster, Chester, and Derby, or in such manner as to the House tlinll seem meet. is referred.

Ordered, That the liiid Petition be referred to the Considerotion of a Committee: And that they do examine The House being informed, That Sir John Douglas Kirkudbright the Matter thereof; and rc|x>rtthe fame, as it shall appear Baronet, who was returned in the Double Return for the Election, to them, to the House: Distriftof Burghs of Kirkudbright, Dumfries, Lochmabeti,

And it is referred to Mr. Gray, Mr. Potenger, Mr. Atman, and Sanquhar, desires not to contest the Matter

Archer, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Fenxvick, Mr. Mon/on, of the Elc&ion and Return for the said District of Burghs,

Mr. Bladen, Mr. For, Mr. Btrrcton, Mr. Hay. Mr. But- with Hi Ilium Kirkpatrick Esquire, returned also in the ter, Mr. Longucxille, Sir James Grant. Mr. Earle, Mr. said Double Return* and that the said Mr. Kirk-pat rick Coster, Sir Abraham Elton, Colonel Stuart, Sic John thercu|>on desires to withdraw his Petition, complaining Bushout, Mr. Si. John, Sir IVilfrid Law fin, Mr. Dan- of the said Election and Double Return; tecs, Mr. Btjfe. Sir Huger Bradjhaiv.lt, Mr. Smelt, Mr. Ordered. That the said Mr. Kirk-pa trick be at Liberty Edkjkinc. Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Polhill, Sir Geo. Ca/zcall, to withdraw his laid Petition.

Mr. htmiston. Mr. Trcfujis, Mr. Baccn. Sir John Chi- Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-

chester, Mr. Harley, Mr. J/eron, Mr. Drummond, Mr. lions be discharged from proceeding jupon the Matter of

Shuttlcworih, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Walker, Sir Christopher the said Petition and Double Return.

Pencil, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Trcby; anti all the Members

w!k> serve for the Counties of Berks, Southampton, H tits. Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do at- Ditto;

and Surrey: And tlicv are to meet this Afternoon at tend this House, upon Monday Morning next, to amend Return to be

Five of* the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And have the Double Return lor the District of Burghs of Kircud- araen Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records. bright. Dumfries, Uchmaben, Annan, and Sanquhar, by

railing out the Name of Sir John Douglas Baronet

Ending; A Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentry,

and other principal Inhabitants of the County of Berks, A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto Beconsfield *"’ and of the Parishes and Plates adjoining to the Roads subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed oa appointed to be amended by a certain A ft of Parliament, in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Kin*

afled in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road King George, intituled, An Act for repairing the High- from Beconsfield, in the County of Bucks, to Stokenchurch, ways from Crown Canter in the Town of Heading, lead- in the County of Oxon, was presented to the House, and ing by and through the several Parishes of Slun/teld and read; setting forth, That several Tolls were granted, and Hechfield, in the several Counties of Berks, Wilts, and made payable, by the said Act, for amending the said Southampton, to Bq/lngstoke, in the laic! County of South- Road, for the Term of One-and-twenty Years; and that ampton, w as prese nted to the House, and read; letting the said Road being very bad at the time of passing the forth, That the said Act will, in a few Years, expire; said Act, the Petitioners were impowered, and obliged, to and that the Money collected by the Toll and Duties borrow a considerable Sum of Money, on the Credit of granted by the said Act hath been duly applied, and the said Tolls, in order to make the same pafiable, which

Seat Amendments have been thereby made upon the said Money lb borrowed is still due and owing; and that oads; yet, by rc albn of the great Length thereof, and although the fame, together with the Income of the said of the Expence of procuring Materials for repairing the Tolls, except what has been paid for the Interest of the said Roads, the same are not, nor can be, sufficiently and said Money, and towards other necessary Disbursements, effectually amended, without farther Sums of Money laid hath been laid out in repairing the said Roads, yet (bine out thereupon: And therefore praying, That the said Parts thereof, in the Winter-season, are in a ruinous Con-Act of Parliament for repairing the said Roads, and the dition: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given Tolls, Payments, and Duties, thereby arising, tnay be to bring in a Bill foi enlarging the Term and Powers made, and continue, to such a further Space, or Term granted by the said former Act, for so long time, and in of Years, as to the House shall seem fit and reasonable, fitch manner, as the House shall think proper, with such Alterations and Additions as the House shall Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-fldjndgc necessary and convenient. federation of a Committee: And that they do examine the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear Confederation of a Committee: And that they do exa- to them, to the House:

mine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it And it is referred to Mr. Harry Waller, Mr. Sandys,

shall appear to them, to the House: Mri Hungerford, Mr. lianbury Williams, Lord Polwarth,

And it is referred to Mr. Gray, Mr. Potenger, Mr. Mr. Archer, Mr. Shepheard, $ir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr.

Archa', Sir George Oxenden, Mr. Mon fin, Mr. Fenwicke, Gybbon, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. More, Mr. Whitworth,

Mr. Bladen, Mr. Fo,v, Mr. Hay, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Mr. Lockwood\ Mr. Ross, Mr. Turner, Mr. Treby, Sir Butler, Mr. Longueville, Sir James Grant, Mr Earle, Geo. Oxendenh Mr. frailer, Sir Charles Turner, Mr.

Mr. Coster, Sir Abraham Elton, Colonel Stuart, Sir Hilton,’&? John Rushout, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr.

John Rushout, Sir fViljrid Lavfon, Mr. St. John, Mr. ErcJkine, Mv. Hen. Archer, Sir James Grant, Mr. Hume Danvers, Mr. Biffe, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Smelt, Campbell, Mr. Fox, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Coster, Sir Mr. Erejkine, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. PolkiU, Sir Geo. Wilf rid Lawson, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Alderman Perry,

Cafivall, Sir Justinian Isham, Mr. Bridge, Mr. Bootle, . Mr. Smith, Mr. Trefufis, Mr. Kinaston, Mr. Hacks, Sir Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Fydell, Mr. Duckett, Sir James Camp- J.Vm. Jolliffe, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Harley, Air.

Vol. 92. 7 D Gore>

Irvine

Harbour,

&c.

130 Februarii. ^, 1735.

Gore, Mr. Z//7tj, Mr. jt/ay; Sir Wm. Carcw, Lord iVbe/ Somerftt, Mr. Wright, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Rutherford, Sir Edmund Bacon; and all the Members that lerve for the Counties of Oxon, Bucks, Wor center, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Provost, Bailies, and Council, of the Burgh of Irvine, in the Shire of Air, in behalf of the Community of the said Borough, and of the Burgesses and Inhabitants thereof, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the said Borough of Irvine lies very commodioufty for Trade, at the Mouth of a River; oncf, for feme time, has been much employed in Exportation of Coal, which was of Advantage to the Place, and increased his Majesty s Revenue; but, of late, the Trade Of that Town has been very much impaired, and in Ha-rard of being entirely loft, by reason of the Decay of their Pier or Harbour, the same being almost filled with Sand Banks daily increasing.; and that the Petitioners have been at considerable Expences in cleansing the aforesaid Harbour, and repairing the Pier; which they have not been able to make effectual, for want of fuflicienl Fund for answering that and the other publick Works of the Town, the upholding their Bridge, which wants to be renewed, the Townrhouse, Church, and Steeple, and making and keeping the Roads, Streets, and Avenues, of the Town, together with the Payment of the Minister’s Stipend, and other Expences: And therefore praying the House, to order, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for impoling, for a certain Term of Years, a Duty of Two Pcnies Scots, or One-Sixth of a Peny Sterling, on each Scots Pint of Ale or Beer brewed or brought into the said Tow n for Sale, and a Duty of Two Pence Sterling on every Twenty Loads of Coals carried to and shipped at the said Port and Harbour, for Transportation to Ireland, or other Places beyond Seas; to be levied and applied to 'the deanfing the aforesaid Harbour, and preventing the Sand Banks arising the rein; for deepening of the Chanel, and paling the River; for repairing the Harbour, repairing, and, if needful, rebuilding the Bridge; and for defraying the Charge of their other publick Works; and for paying their Debts already contrafted; the said Duties to be vetted in the Magistrates and Town Council, as Trustees, and to be under the Inspection of Overseers, to be named in the usual manner; or to grant such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Owners, Ship-matters, and Mariners, in and about the Borough of Irvine, in the County of Air, for themselves, and in behalf of many Sailors employed by them, was also presented to the House, and read; representing the Decay of the Coal Trade betwixt the Port of l'vine and Ireland, occasioned by the bad Condition of the Pier and Breast-work, and by the Foulness of the Harbour there, and by the Inability of the Magistrates of the said Borough to answer the Expence of repairing, cleansing, and keeping in Repair, the said Harbour, and the annual Expences of their other publick Works and Affairs: And therefore praying. That a Bill may be brought in, according to the Prayer of the Petition of the Provost, Bailies, and Council, of the Burgh of Irvine, in the Shire of Air, in behalf of the Community of the said Borough, and of the Burgesses and Inhabitants thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame* as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Colonel Stuart, Mr. Lyndfay, Mr. Ireby, General Churchill, Mr. LonguemUe, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Sandys, Sir Janies Campbell, fSkh Wilfrid Laufon, Mr. Earle, Mr. Turner, Mr. Lekeupe, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Winnington, Mr; Drummond, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Archer, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Bramston, Sir James Grant, Sir Christopher Powell, Mr. Erejkme, Mr. Bacon, Sir. Scawen, Dr. Lee, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Forrester, Mr.

20

More, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Hungerford; and all the Members wrho serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Robert Cater Esquire, heretofore called Kentoi'i Robert Kendall, was presented to the House, and read; fettfng forth, That John Cater, late of Kempston, in the County of Bedford, Esquire, deceased, by his last Will and Testament, bearing Date on or about the 22d Day of June 1726, devised several Manors, Messuages, Lauds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Will particularly mentioned, to the Petitioner, and hi* Issue, provided the Petitioner, and his Sons, as they came in Possession of the said Estate, and their Issue, should take upon themselves the Surname and Arms of Cater, and procure an Act of Parliament for that Purpose, as loon as convet niently might be; and that the Petitioner, hath since the Death of the said John Cater, in Gratitude to him, audio Compliance with the Condition contained in his said W ill, taken upon himself, and been called by, the Surname of Cater; and is desirous that the said Surname should be confirmed upon him and his Issue, by Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying the House, to give Leave to bring in a Bill for enabling the Petitioner, and his Issue, to take, and uie, the Surname of Cater.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Barnard, Sir William Heathcote, Sir Rowland Alston, and Sir Roger Burgoyne, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Land-owners, and Cre Inhabitants, in and near the Town of Boroughbridge, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill, now depending in the House, for improving, and making navigable, the River Ouze, and Swede, from St. Mary's Gate, in the City of York, to Moreton Bridge, in the County of York; and to improve the Navigation of the River Dun, from JVHJick-house, in the Parish <ff Barmby Dun, to Sihehouse Ferry, in the said County:

That the River Ure runs into the said River Ouze, and is navigable, at some Seasons of the Year, from the Town of Btrvughbi'idge to the said River Ouze; but -there are several Shallows and Beds of Sand in the said River Ure, which, in dry Seasons, much obstruct the Navigation thereof, and the Passage of the Water into the said River Ouze; and that it will greatly improve the Navigation of the River Ouze, to scour, deepen, and cleanse the Chanel of the said River Ure, from the To wn of BorqugJb bridge aforesaid to the said River Ouze; which will improve the Navigation thereof, and be a great Advantage to the Trade of all the Towns near the said Rivers: And therefore -praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, now depending before the House, to im power the Undertakers of the said Navigation intended thereby to be made, to deepen, scour, and cleanse, the said River Ure from the said Town of Boroughbridge to the River Ouze.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gregory, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Whitworth, Sir James Campbell,

Mr. Rutherford, Mr. Longueville, Sit Christopher Powell,

Mr. Ingram, General Tyrrell, Lord Morpeth , Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Andrewes, Sir George Wynne, Mr, JRanfen,

Mr. Duckett, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Gore, Sir Roger Brad-Jhaigh, Sir Thomas Lowther, Mr. Pluma', Mr. Forrester,

Mr. Vere, Mr. Gildart, Sir John Chichester, Mr. Semen,

Mr. Hinxman, Mr. Ajlie, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Kinaston, Mr. Trefujis, Mr. More, Mr. Stewart, Mr. Alderman Wild* mot, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Price, Mr. White, Mr.

Lifter, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sandy$, Mr. r Phillips,

9. Geo. II. 13°- — 160 Februarii. 563

Phillips, Ijonl Noel Somerftt, Lord Pduarth, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Phnnptre; and nil the Members w ho serve lor the Counties ot York, Lincoln, and Aottingham: And they we to meet this Afternoon at Live of the Clock, in the Shaker's Chamber: And Jmve Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Srl-ckxli A Petition of the Makers of Sail-cloth, and others, in

MwofaUurc.' behalf of themselves, and many Thou funds of the Poor of this Kingdom, employed in the manufacturing thereof, was presented to the House, and read; fettin* for^li, fIbat the Manufacturing of Sail-cloth in this Kingdom is, of late Y'ears, brought to lo great Perfection, tliut it is made of equal Goodnds, and, in many Respects, superior to the Cloth of any other Country; and that, in this Manufacture, Persons of both Sexes are employed, from Seven to Seventy Y'ears of Age, and thereby enabled to get a Livelihood, who other*ife, some, by rrafon of Ilieir tender Age, amlotliers, byreefonof the Infirmities of old Age, being incup tble of other Labour, must necefl'arily become burdcnibme to their several Parishes; and that the Encouragements given by an Act of the Twelfth of Queen Anne, and also by an Act of tire Fourth of his present Majesty, are found, by Experience, not sufficient to reduce the Piice of British Sail-clotii to an Equality with the Sail-cloth imported from foreign Countries: And therefore praying tire House to take the Premises into Confident lion, and give the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall (rein meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall apj>car to tlicm, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Jfillimot, Mr. Whittington, Colonel Bladen, Sir John Barnard\ Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Sandy*, Mr. Walpole, Mr. ft alter, Mr. Scrobe, Lord Sydney Beauclerk, Mr. Secretary at War, Lora Sundon, Sir George Cajicall, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Walker, Mr. Corbet, Mr. Pearfe, Captain Purvis, Lord Vere Beauclerk, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Glanville, Sir John Heathcote, Mr. PI umpire, Mr. Martin, Mr. Potcnger, Mr. Bird, Mr. Conduitt, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Dancers, Lord Abel Somerset, Lord Morpeth, Lord Gage, Lord Polu arth, Mr. Oybbon, Sir John Rush out, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Earle, Mr. Coster, Sir Christopher Powell, Mr. Gore, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Huxley, Colonel Onslow, Sir George Oxetu/en, Mr. Hanbury Willuims, Mr. pox, Mr. Gray, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Vyn$r, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Kinaston, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Hay, Mr. Alderman Perry; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bipciffvade Ordered, That Sir Jeremy Vanacker Sambroke be added load. to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Road from Bigglejwade, in the County of Beds ord, to Bugden; and through Alconberry to the Top of Alconberry Hill, or Crofe Pod, leading into Sautery4ane, on the Yoi'k and Edinburgh Road; and from the said Town of Bugden to the Town of Huntingdon, and from Cross-halI, in Eaton Soken, in the said County of Bedford, to Great Stoughton Common, in the said County of Huntingdon.

Privilege. A Complaint being made to the House, That Henry Pierpomt, a Bailiff, by the Direction of John Wankj 's*

an Attorney at Law, did, on the 24th Day of January last, distrain the Goods of Tayloi'> Tenant to Richard Fydell Elijuirc, a Member of this House, for an Amerciament pretended to have been imposed at Bilfby Court, in the County of Lincoln, in order to cornel the said Tenant to appear at the said Court, though he is not w ithin the Jurisdiction thereof, nor owes any Suit or Service thereto, in Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, rt solve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to retblvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters;

The I louse was moved, That the First Clause of the Act, made in the Eighth Y'ear of his Majesty s Reign, to punish Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; and also the Clause, therein contained, which limits the Continuance thereof; might be read:

Aiid the said Clauses being read accordingly;

Die House relblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Mbnday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 16° die Februarii; Anno 9* Georgii II. Regis, 1735. Prayers.

f\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorfe.t, in the room of John Browne Esquire; who, (ince his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of his Majesty’s Counsel learned in the Law.

The House being informed, that Mr. Chocke, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door;

He was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of all the publick Debts, at the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer* due, or standing out, at Christmas 1735; with the annual Interest, or Sums paid for the same.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz*

Vol. 22*

To

Ways and Alcana.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Committee of Privileges.

Dorehefter

Writ.

Public

Debts.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An Act CO UNT of all the Publick D EBTS, at the Receipt of his Majestys Exchequer, dues or (landing out, at Christmas 1735; with the annual Interest, or Sums paid for the same.

Uh

0\

Exchequer

Annuities for long Terms, being the Remainder of the original Sum contributed, and feribed, to the South Sea Company, after deducing what has fallen in by Deaths - . - -

Annuities for Lives, with Benefit of Survivorship, being the original Sum contributed - -

Annuities payable upon Two und Three Lives, being the Sum remaining, after deducting what has fallen in by Deaths -

Annuities at £. 9 per Cent, per Ami. being the Remainder of the original Suin icribed to the South Sea Company -

D°, on Lottery 1710, being the Remainder, §c. ——

Annuities on the Plate Ad, VT Geo. 1"1 Regis ——

Annuities on the Nevis and St. Christophers Debentures, at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann.

Exchequer Bills, on the Victualling Ad, A. 1726, at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. -

D°, made out for the Interest, on old Bills exchanged -

Annuities, at £. 3 jo per Cent, per Ann. for the Year 1731 -

Duties on Salt,..continued A. 1734, at £. 4 perl'cnt. per Arm. - -

IP, An. 1735, for £. 300,000, at £. 4 per Cent, per Arm. but no Part of this Sum has been borrowed during the time of this Account Note: The Land Taxes and Duties on Alalt, being annual Grants, are not charged in this Account, nor the «£. 1,000,000 charged on the Deductions of 6d. per Pound.

East India Company:

By Two Acts of Parliament g* IVillielmi 3^, and Two other Acts 6° 8$ 10° Anrue Regince; but the Annuity granted by the said Acts was, by an Act 3* Georgii idi Regis, reduced from £. 5 per Cent, to £. 4 per Cent, per Ann. -

Bank

of England:

t

it

On their original Fund, at £. 6 per Cent, per Ann.

For cancelling Exchequer Bills, 30 Georgii iml Regis, at £.4 per Cent, per Ann.

Purchased of the South Sea Company, at D* -

Annuities charged on the Duties on Coals since Lady-day 1719, at £. 4 per Cent, per Ann.

D° charged on the Surplus of the Funds for Lottery 1714, at £. 4 per Cent, per Ann.

Annuities for the Lottery 1731, at <£.3 per Cent, per Ann. transferable at the Bank

To them more, for Charges of Management of their original Debt - -

For a proportional Charge of Management of £. 4,000,000, purchased of So. Sea Company

South Sea Company:

On their capital Stock and Annuities, per Act 9 Georgii ial Regis, at £, 4 per Cent. per Ann. To them more, for Charges of Management — - -

Exchequer.

1735.

£. s. d.

4,000 ----- per Ann.

1,898 3 51 per Ann.

.£5,898

J X

£. s.

16,992. rg. 10per Ann.

PRINCIPAL.

£. s. d.

1,836,275 17 i°{

108,100 — — 127,899 8 -; 161,108 6 8

109,290-----

312.000 -

37,821 5 i:

481,400-----

2,200-----

400.000 -

960.000 -

3,200,000 —

1.600.000

1.500.000 4,000,000

1.750.000

1.250.000 800,000

29,302,203 5 6}

47,938,298 3 3i

Annual fnterdt, or Sums paid.

£ * d

131.255 10 n

7.567-----

14.997 18 5 14,499 15 —

9,836 2 —

12,480-----

1,134 12 9

14,442 -

1 4,000 -

38,400-----'

128,000 — —

96,000

60,000

l6o,000

70,000

50,000

24,000

1,172,088 a 3

1

jihxtmdev Chcc/re.

2,018,701 l 4

agg=*CBaag= "r 11 uo cn

l-i Viol.

Po.all*.

RocUOrr !n Xla (i; ot.r iic«.ua.

Kertfounu Gaul.

-t*

9 Geo. 11. 16° Februarii.$6$

Onlend, "lhut the fail! Aaount do lie upon the Sir Roger liradjhaigh, Mr. Bradshine, Mr. Hay, Mr. rK*i>U . to he pen.led b\ the Members of the House. Saadi,>, Sir Urm. Carczc, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Archer, Sir

Edmund Bacon, Mr. Treby, Mr. Kent, Mr. Thompson,

Sir ( harlcs Mot Jam,! picfcnteb to the House, recording Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Htee ley, Mr. Hungerjerd, Sir Nicolas toOs.h*. a Hi ! i r moi’sint! nn«l dividing the Common // dhows, Mr. P turner, Sir. Lyttelton, Mr. Alderman J h» itiici Ho:( cant’ioii Field, Common /liltimott, Sir J/i/wrStapylton, Mr. Bacon, Lord Middle* i. t‘; lug <.Ui» ;*( ommon Grounds, in the Parish of /r/. Lord JgAji Sachet lie, Mr Hales, Mr. Whitworth,

{/.</:; winder. m die County of 19'on ater: And the Mr. Jieaghan, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Seize un, Mr. Barrel, ion ua- rcei ivni; and read the Fiiti time. Lord Polwarth, Mr. Coster, Mr. Gore,&\r John Rushout,

V’-, A:«/, That the Ihll he ivud a Second time. I-ord Morpeth, Ix>rd Noel Somerset, Sir Charles Hot ham,

Mr. Drummond, Mr. /Are, Lord Sundon, Sir James Sir / hf'was Hah* polluted to the House, ticeortiing Grant, Mr. Duncombe; and all the Members who serve toCrdir, a l!i ! K,r repairing and widening the Road for the County of Kent, and for the Cinque Ports: And I' o'tngiiotntlieU’atc: e, at 11'hit stable, loSt. Duncans they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in

oi>, pear the (ht, *f ( an/t duty, in ti.e County of the Speakers Chamber: And have Power to lend for A . .\..d lie* All v, as received; and rad the FirIt Persons, Pr^nrs, and Records.

1 tt re'. Thoi the Lid he read a Second time. A Petition of the Burgesses, and Aflifiants of the Weflmlnrtef

Bur^elk Court, of the City and Liberty of Westminster,

Mr. Jttuft of Jluid'f'-tte presentod to the House, was indented to the llouic, and read; letting forth, alc ^eoiding to Order, a I ill to explain and amend un '1 hat, by the ancient Tfage of the said City and Libcity,

Act, p.ilh d m riie I ii 11 Year of tlu* Reign of hi-present continued by Act of Parliament in the 27th Year of Mujtit ., inu Lt d, An Act for lepairing and enlarging Queen Elizabeth, the Appointment and Regulation of the die* Ro.i l k.nn ‘urn the House called the Sign of the Nightly Watch have, time out of mind, been in the Jh , % a, ii.c* I1.. . h ! St. Murgartt'<. in Rochester, to Burgets Court aforesaid; and that, pursuant to certain -daij+tt /' . ai.-i r Ih ,uS then in 111< ntioned, in the Bvc-laws made by virtue of the Powers given by the Act bounty < t Ke/it. And the same was received; and read of Parliament aforesaid, the said Burgess Court have, tl 0 I lift linn' from time to time, let a moderate Rate on the Inhabitants

, Hu, That the Bill be rend a Second time. of the said City and Liberty, and thereby provided a

conjoint and regular Nightly Watch, keeping exact

A Petition of the High Sheriff of the County of Accounts of all ihcir Transactions, for the Inspection and Ktnt, J of tires 01 the Pcuce, Gentlemen, uiul Freeholders, Sutistaction of the inhabitants thereof, without any Reward acting lor. and re tiding in the Wclicrn Division of die for their Trouble; but that, lor want of a sufficient Power Lid C\ iiiitv, was pielcnted to the lloulb, and read; to levy the said Rates, great Part thereof remain unpaid, ft tting he m, That the common Gaol for keeping of Felons and, by means thereof, the said Burgess Court have for tin* Wdttm Division of the said County has bceu frequently been put to many Difficulties in providing for prefeutid, at the Afiizcs there iiolden by the Grand Jury the said Watch; and that by an Act, made in the last thereof, to be much de cayed, and inefficient for the fate Session of Parliament, for the better regulating the Nightly Ctiltody of the Prifom rs, and that the same is too fireight, Watch, and Beadles, within the two Parifttes of St. James, and that there is no Prison or Gaol appointed for receiving and St. George, llanover-square, within the Liberties of arul k*-i ping of Debtors; which occasions great Charge the said City, Power was given to the respective Vestries i*r. i Hazard to the Siieriff of the County for the Time of the said Parishes to rate the Inlmbitantsofthofe Parishes, being, Jo whole Custody several Persons are committed for maintaining the Nightly Watch therein in such manner fur \k rv large Sums of Money; and that the present Gaol as in that Act is provided; and that, as the Petitioners funds in the Middle of, and near adjoining to, the Market are informed, a Bill is under Consideration of the House, of the Town of Maidstone, which is very inconvenient for a like Law in favour of the Parish of St. Martin in to the Inhabitant* thereof, and may occulion contagious the Fields; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that if Difiempers, and the Spreading of the lame; and there the Care of the Watch, throughout the remaining Part of Ik ing no Site of Ground to enlarge the said Gaol on, or the Liberty, were under the Direction of the Burgess to add a Debtors Prison thereto: And the Petitioners Court, it would be managed with greater Advantage, and being desirous, that u convenient Prison or Gaol may be at a much less Expence, than it would, if under the built in a more open and proper Part of or near the Management of the respective Vestries: And therefore said Town, with proper Wards for receiving and safe praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for keeping of such Persons as are or shall be committed, as enabling the said Burgeik Court of !Westminster to assess w ell for Debt as for Felony, or any other Ofi’cncc, if and levy a Tax on all the Inhabitants of the said City and the Jolliers of the Peace could be enabled to purchase a Liberty, excepting the Three Parishes of St. James, St. convenient Piece of Ground for that Pur pole; therefore George, and St. Martin, for maintaining the Nightly praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Watch, in such maimer as is given to the respective Vestries enabling the said Justices to purchase a convenient Piece of the said Two Parishes, by the said Act passed in the last of f round, in order to build a Gaol thereupon, and for Session of Parliament, for such Term of Years, and under raft ing inch Gaol, and other necessary Buildings, for the such Restrictions, as the House shall think fit. pi.rpoics aforesaid; and that the said Justices may be Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, impowcivd to apply the present County Stock of the said

Westein Division, or such Part thereof as they shall Ordered, That General Wade, Sir Thomas Clark, Mr. CainsborouSh think proper, and to alfefs and raise any further Sum on JVatkyn Wins. Wynne, Mr. Femvieke, Mr. Kynaston, be Chulch* the said Division, as shall be necessary for the Purposes added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the aJ ore fa Id. Reverend George Wade, Doctor in Divinity, Vicar,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cordall Storrs, John Christopher, and Henry Parr,

Consideration of a Committee: And that diey do examine Churchwardens, of the Parish of Gainsborough, in the the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall County of Lincoln, and of the Committee appointed by appear to them, to the House: the Parishioners in Vcltry, on behalf of themselves, and

And it is r< furred to Sir Christopher Pozi elL Mr. the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, is referred.

Pt than:, Mr. Glamille, Mr. Turner, Sir Charles Mor daunt.

Mi. Brcnton, Sir John Kay, Lord Gage, Mr Hooper, Mr. Shuttlruorth reported from the Committee, to Wearing ot Sir Geo. O.venden, Sir Henry Gough, Mr. Owen, Mr. whom the Petition of the Manufacturers of Fustian, and Piurnptrc, Mr. Alderman 1 lealheote, Mr. Crojji, Lord of the principal Traders and Inhabitants in the Town of a lcuu*' Dupphn, Mr. Hacks, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Bramston, Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and Vox.. 22. ;E Places

o

Wearing of J.l ilitrd CailiCQtS.

566

Places adjacent, vhofe Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other the Manufacturers , of Fustian, and Dealers therein, in the several Counties of Lancaster, Chester, and Derby, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, together wit! 1 the Ilesolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read: And the Report and Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth; viz.

The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, of the 9th lnstant, have examined the Matter of the Petition:

And the Petitioners, to prove the Allegations thereof, laid before the Committee,

An Act of Parliament, made in the 7th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to preserve and encourage the Woolen and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for more effectual employing the Poor, by prohibiting the Use and Wear of all printed, painted, stained, or dyed Callicoes, in Apparel, Houshold-stuff, Furniture, or otbenvife, after the 23d Day of December 1722, except as therein is excepted; which was read:

By which Act it was, amongst other Things Enacted, That the Prohibition of Callicoes intended, and the Penalties inflicted for wearing or uling printed, painted, stained, or dyed Callicoes, in Apparel, Houshold-stuff, or Furniture, after the 25th Day of December 1722, contrary to the said Act, should respectively extend to prohibit, and should be levied and recovered for wearing or using in Apparel, lloufhold-stuff, or Furniture, after the 25th Day of December 1722, any Stuff made of Cotton, or mixed therewith, which should be printed or painted with any Colour or Colours, or any Callico chequered or striped, or any Callico stitched or flowered in foreign Parts, with any Colour or Colours, or with coloured Flowers made there, Mullins, Neckcloths, and Fustians, excepted.

The Petitioners called the following Witnesses, viz.

Mr. Robert Livefay: Who, being examined, said, That he knows that there are large Quantities of Fustians made in the several Counties of Lancaster, Chester, and Derby; and that great Numbers of Families have been brought up in Manufacturing of Fustians, in the several Branches thereof; and several Thousands of Poor are employed in the said Manufactures, and maintained and supported thereby; and that himself, and his Brother, employ upwards of Six hundred Looms in the Weaving of Fustians; and that one Weaver employs Four Spinners, at lead; which amount to upwards of 3,000 Persons employed by them.

Air. Isaac Clegg confirmed Part of the Evidence given by Mr. Livefay, as to great Quantities of Fustians manufactured in the aforesaid Counties; and said, That Persons from Five Years of Age to Seventy are employed in the said Manufacture; and that the Cotton used therein is the Growth of his Majesty s Plantations; and that great Quantities of Linen Yarn, the Product of Great Britain and Ireland, are also used therein; and that he bought as much Linen Yarn at one time, of a Person in Northumberland, as cost about £. 1,000, and fold the greatest Part thereof to the Manufacturers of Fustians.

Mr. Livefay, being asked, If great Quantities of Linen Yarn from Germany were not made use of in the said Manufacture? laid, That small Quantities of Brunswick Yarn are made use of sometimes in making of printed Fustians, when English, Scotch, or Irish Linen Yarn is Icarce to be had; but it is not lo good, or so cheap, as the other; and not One-tenth Part of the Quantity is used as formerly, since their own Poor are lb much improved in the Spinning of Linen Yarn as they now are.

And also said, That the Warp of the Fustian is of Linen Yarn, and the Shoot is of Cotton imported from the British Plantations; and that there are many different Sorts of the said Manufacture, which are called Fustians.

20

A. 1735.

Air. John Hardman, Merchant, said, That he lives at Liverpoole, and trades confnlerably to Guinea, and the British Plantations; and freights the Ships, which he fends to those Parts, with all Sorts of English Woolen Manufactures; viz. Perpetls, Long-ells, Bays, Broadcloths, Plains, Worsted Cruels, home-made Spirits, and Spirits taken in at Cork; and that, with these Goods, Negroes are ptirchafed; and the rest of the Freight is of Cloths, Druggets, Sagathies, Caliimancoes, <§(?. and Cantaloons, which he apprehends to be manufactured at Norxvich; and also Iron Hoes, S;c. and Toys fit for the British Plantations in the West Indies; for which, in Return, he receives the Produce of those Islands, and particularly Cotton, which is taken in last, and is Ono-fourth Part of the Loading of most of the Ships which come from thence, and is chiefly made use of in the Manufacturing of Fustians.

Being asked, Where the Merchants of Liverpool took in their Gunpowder for Africa; he laid, Both in England and Holland; but the Reason of their buying it of the Dutch, he said, is, that, when the East India Company raise the Price of their Salt-petre, sometimes the Price of Gunpowder is 20 or 30 Shillings per Barrel above what the Merchants can have it for in Holland.

Mr. Slingsby Bethell laid, That he trades considerably in the English Woolen Manufactures, and fends great Quantities to the Coast of Guinea, hut no Money; and that of a Freight that cost £. 2,300 for the Gold Coast, One-half was Woolen Goods of Great Britain, with which Negroes are purchased, and carried to the British Plantations; and that he, in return, receives the Produce of the said Islands, and particularly Cotton, the greatest Part whereof he disposes of to the Manufacturers of Fustian; that he never deals in any other Cotton Wool but what is brought from the said Islands.

Air. Livefay and Air. Hardman severally said, That, in making of a Piece of Fustian, in which-J-as is of Cotton from the British Islands, and 4-d of Flax, the prime Cost is Six Shillings; but, by the Number of Poor employed in manufacturing the fame, viz. picking and cleaning, carding and spinning, winding, warping, weaving, whitening, printing, and the Duty, which is 3 d. per Yard, the same is fold for 40 s. per Piece, on an Average; and that the Profit arising from the same is by the Labour of the Poor employed therein.

And Air. Hardman further said, That, in 1735, there was imported at Liverpool, from the British Plantations, as much Cotton Wool, according to the foregoing Computation, as, when manufactured, would amount to about the Sum of ,£. 400,000.

And the said Mr. Livefay also said, That great Quantities of the said Manufactures have, for several Years last past, been printed, and when so printed, have been used in Apparel and Furniture; and that Eight Parts out of Nine of the Goods he manufactures are printed, and, according to the heft of his Judgment, One-half or Two-thirds of the Cotton Wool brought into this Kingdom from the British Plantations is used in the Fustians that are printed; and that the greatest Part of them are sent up brown, from the several Countries in which they are made, and printed in or about London.

Air. Thomas Dyer, being examined, said, That the said Fustians were printed and worn before the said Act passed for prohibiting the Wearing of Callicoes; and that they have gone by the Name of Fustians ever since he has been in Trade; and that Mr. Movillon has printed great Numbers of them for him.

Mr. Hardman also said, That he has seen the said / Manufacture, when fold, entered by the Name of Fustians in the Books of Air. John Sudall, of Black bourn.

Mr. Thomas Smith junior confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Dyer, as to their being called Fustians, and their having been printed and worn for several Years past.

Air. Dyer further said, That, about Seven or Eight Years since, he fold many Pieces of German Linen printed; but that, since the Fustian Manufacture is so much improved, he fells but very few them.

» And

16° Februarii.

O

9 Geo. II.

16° Februarii.

567

And lie also said, That, under Pretence that* lhch Persons as ute or wear the said Manufactures, when printed or painted, are liable to the Penalties laid by the (kid Act, fume Prosecutions luive been lately let on Foot, and several Advertisaments published, insinuating, that the same are prohibit* d by tiic said Act; which Advertisements have been indultrinully bunded about, in order to deter People from wrnring or utiuii the fame; whereby the farther Improvement of the said Manufacture* is not only discouraged, but the said Trade is wholly at a Stand; and Numbers of Poor, usually employed ti. rein, are deprived of their Livelihood, and the Traders thru in dare not carry on the said Trade, unlcb the said Act be explained.

Then he produced to the Committee Two of the said Advertisements complained of in the Petition; one of which is infortrd in a printed Paper, intituled, The Norwich Gazette, from Saturday, May the 10th, to Saturday, May the 17th. 1735: Norwich; printed by Henry Crofigrove, in St. Giles'.v Parish, 173^; and abb One other Advertisement, Norwich, May 31;/, 1735. subscribed by the Letters E. F. G. I I. §c.; which Advertisaments were both read.

And he further said, That, fmee these Advertisements have been spread abroad, several of his Cultoiners have refilled to dml u id) him for the said Manufacture; and that be made hi* Agreement with One of the Manufacturers of the said Fustians, with whom lie deals, mid of whom lie bought upwards of boo Pieces of the said Manufacture, that, if the said Act was not explained in favour of the said Manufacture, he w as to return diem again, and had the said Fustians upon no other Terms: And further said, That the said Manufufturc was very much incivaled, till the Advertisements and Prosecutions put u Stop to the fame.

Mr. Livefay further said. That he has great Quantities of the said Manufacture by him, which he cannot fall, and diercforc is obliged to dilclmrge several poor Families which he used to employ.

Mr. Harthnan n\io laid, That for several Years together, he has fold 100 Hags of Cotton Wool per Mouth, which was of the Growdi of the British Plantations, each Hag weighing, on an Average, about 200lb. Weight; but this W inter lie has not Ibid.20 Bags in Ten W eeks; and that die Price of the said Cotton, this Year, L fallen a Peny, and a Pony Halfpeny, per Pound, which, as he apprehends is occasioned by die Discouragement this Manufufturc lies under.

Mr. Dax id Jenks, of ATM-street, London, being examined, said, That, as he was upon his Journey in the Gnintry, at Settle, in Yorkshire, he applied to one of his Customers, for Orders to fend him the said printed Fustians; whereupon l»e produced an Advertisement, which he had received in a Parcel of Goods sent him from Noncich; in which Advertisement was infer ted, That the said Fustians* were prohibited, and therefore would give him no Orders; and the Witness has not received any Orders finer, though, before that time, he used, every Journey, to receive Orders for large Quantities of the said Manufacture.

It appeared to the Committee, That several Informations have been laid, and Prosecutions commenced, against Persons who wear the said printed Fustians.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That die Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill to explain an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to preserve and encourage die Woolen and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual employing the Poor, by prohibiting the Use and Wear of all printed, painted, stained, or dyed Callicoes, in Apparel, Houshold-stuff, Furniture, or otherwise, after

Vol. 22.

the 2.3th Day of December 1722, except as therein is excepted, so far as relates to Goods made of Linen Yam and Cotton Wrool manufactured in Great Britain. /

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to preserve and encourage the Woolen and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for more effectual employing die Poor, by prohibiting the Use and Wear of all printed, painted, stained. or dyed Callicoes, in Apparel, lloufliold-ltuft*, Furniture, or otherwise, after the 11 Day of December 1722, except as therein is

excepted, so far as relates to (roods made of Linen Yam, and Cotton Wool, manufactured in Great Britain: And that Mr. Shuttlncorth, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir Henry Hugh ton, Mr. B re ret on, Sir Thomas Luxe t her, and Mr.

Lister, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Westminster Church ol St. Peter, in ! Test minster, being offered to be e^‘ prefanted to the House;

Mr. Pelham, by h:-> Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, being informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to their Consideration.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; fattin" forth. That there being no Provision, or Fabrick Rents, or other Emoluments, to enable the Dean and (-hupter eitiier to complete the unanilhul Parts of the said Collegiate Church, or to keep in Repair what was erected; and they having annually expended considerable Sums upon the many other large and publick Buildings w ithin their Preciivt, which it is incumbent on diem to keep up; the Parliament, by Two Acts, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King /f illiam the Third, and in tin Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Quefcn Anne, allotted them such an annual Sum, out of the Duties upon Coals, for a certain Number of Years, i.adi enabled them to repair the most ruinous Parts, and to make good about Two-thirds of the whole Fabrick; but diat, the said annual Allowance expiring, and the Money arising therefrom being all expended about Michaelmas 1728, and a further Supply being necessary to iiipport a considerable Part of the Church, with die Clmpcl of King Henry the Seventh, full remaining in a ruinous Condition, the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, upon Application made to the last Parliament, was, in each of the Two last Sessions thereof, granted for this Purpose; and, upon Application made to the prefant Parliament, the like Sum of Four thousand Pounds was likewise granted; an Account of the Diij>o/ai and Application whereof hath been laid before the House; but that a further Supply, lor repairing and linishing the said Collegiate Church, is still wanting; And therefore expressing their Hope, that To great and good a "Work, carried on, and so far advanced, by the Aid of former Parliaments, will be continued by the present; and that this venerable Pile, wherein the Remains of the Royal Family, the Nobility, and chief Gentry, of thele Realms, are depositud, will be esteemed a publick Concern, and be it length fmished according to its intended Model.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of die whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Teas, j , H.

Tellers for (lie Noes, fa.

So it passed in the Negative.

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according Kircudbright to Order, to amend the Double Return for the District of Return Burghs of Kircudbright, Dumfries, Lochmaben, Annan, amen e '

and

5 <5 8 16° Februar 1735.

und Sanquhar, by rating out the Name of Sir John Douglas Baronet;

And the said Double Return being read;

And it appearing to the House, That the same could not be made a perfect Return of William Kirk-patrick Esquire, by rating out the Name of the said Sir John Douglas;

Ordered, That ib much of the Order of the House, made upon Friday last, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, to amend the said Double Return, as directs the rating out of the Name of Sir John Douglas Baronet, be discharged.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do take the said Double Return off the File.

And he took the same off accordingly.

Ordered, That William Dunbar, Common Clerk of the Burgh of Kircudbright, at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the District of Burghs of Kircud bright, Dumfries, Lochmaben, Arman, and Sanquhar, and Clerk at the said Electlon, do forthwith make, and send to the Clerk of the Crown, a proper and perleft Return of William Kirk-pa trick Esquire, elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said District of Burghs; and that the Clerk of the Crown do annex the same to the Writ returned by the Stew art Depute of the Stewartry of Kircudbright.

Scarborough A Petition of Robert Robinson Esquire, William Porrett, Election. John Harrison, Thomas Coulson, Benjamin Fender, Thomas Cockerill, Henry Cot ter ill, Culmer Cocker ill, Valentine Fowler, Wm. Making, Christopher Boys, Milburn Botte-rill the elder, Christopher Clark, William Storry, Robo t Fryer, Thomas Whitehead, Thomas Milner, Henry Parkin, William Sinclair, Timothy Othie, John Cockerill, William Fowler, Francis Cockerill, William Porrett the younger, Thomas Detcjberry, and John Cotterill, being Members of the Common Council of the Borough of Scarborough, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the undoubted Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, is in such Burgesses only as constitute the Common House or Common Council of the said Borough, which Common House, or Common Council eonfifts of Two Bailiffs, Two Coroners, Four Chamberlains, and Thirty-iix Burgesses, who are annually elected and admitted into the said Common House or Common Council; but that John Huntrijs and Allatfon Bell, the Two Bailiffs of the said Borough, who were the Returning Officers, and pretided at taking the Poll at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, did, in an arbitrary and illegal manner, and contrary to the ancient Right and Usage of the said Borough, admit great Numbers of Persons to poll at the said Eieftion, who were not Members of the said Common House or Common Council, and took the Votes of such Persons, for the Right honourable Thomas Hay Esquire, commonly called Lord Dupplin; and have returned the said Lord Dupplin, in Subversion of the ancient Rights and Privileges of the said Borough, and in manifest Prejudice of the Petitioners; And therefore praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition at the same time they hear the Matter of the Petition of William Osbaldeston, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough.

Importation Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to ren-of l ifli, &c. der niore effectual an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better preventing fresh Filb, taken by Foreigners, being imported into this Kingdom; and for the Preservation of the Fry of Fish; and for the giving Leave to import Lobsters and Turbots, in foreign Bottoms; and for the better Preservation of Salmon within several Rivers, in that Part of this Kingdom called England: And that Mr. Glanville, Sir Geo. Uxenden, the Earl of Middlesex, Lord John Sacville, and Mr. Thomas Pelham junior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Stallingboro\ Stalling boro, in the County of Lincoln, and of the Freeholders of Lands Inclosure. and Tenements within the Lordship and Parish of Stal-lingborough, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are very large open Fields and Commons belonging to the said Manor, wherein the Lands, as well of the said Lord of the Manor, as of the several Freeholders, lie dispersed and intermixed, whereby many Trespasses happen, and frequent Disputes arise; and that, for want of a fuOlden t Quantity of inclosed Grounds for Tillage in Summer, and to support the Stock of the Petitioners in the Winter Season, neither the Tenants of the said Manor, nor the Freeholders, and their Tenants, ca,n manage and improve their Estates to the belt Advantage: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said open Fields and Commons, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Lord Tyrconnel, Lord Gage, Mr.

Plumer, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Hanbury Williams,

Sir John Rushout, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Fox, Mr. Earle, Mr.

Turner, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Archer, Mr. Laroche, Sir Thomas Saunderson, Sir John Heathcote, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr.

Taylor, Mr. Dawkins, Sir Wm. Heathcote^ Mr. New land,

Lord Dupplin, Mr. Whitxvorth, Mr. Ashby, Lord Gle-norchy, Lord Wallingford, Mr. Bradshaxv, Sir Geo. Caf-zvall, Mr. Needham, Sir John Cope, Mr. Vere, Mr. May,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Alderman Willimott, Mr.

Yorke, Mr. fJungcrford, Sir James Grant, Mr. Polhifl,

Mr. Hooper, Sir John Kay, Mr. Sands, Lord Polwarth,

Mr. Hen. Archer, Mr. Coster, Lord Cornbury, Lord John Sacville, Sir Abraham Elton, Mr. Alderman Heathcote,

Mr. Winnington, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Drummond,

Mr. Drax, Sir Robert Grofoenor, Mr. Brereton, Lord Morpeth; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen, and Mr.

Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Dunes on Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt,

Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year 1736; without any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hamfoni to enable John Harrison, an Infant, now called John New-port, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Sur- 1 name of Newport, pursuant to the Directions of Henry Earl of Bradford, deceased, without any Amendment,

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act CalbfirV, for naturalizing Peter Callijies and Zachary Cahuac, with &c* Nai* some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lord Sundon reported from the Committee, to Westminster whom the Petition of the chief Burgesses, Burgesses, and AHistants, and of the Freeholders and Inhabitants, of the

City

9 Geo. II.

City and Liberty of Westminfiet, whose Xame3 are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Freeholder.* of the said Cit v and Liberty, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Kesolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the llonfe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read: And the Re|*ort and Kesolutions of the Committee are as follow; viz.

T he Committee, pur.mint to the Order of the House, have examined the Matter of the Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof, the following V itnesses were examined; viz.

Mr. I.a Belie said. That he has lived in England Sixteen Years; and that the Buildings, as well ns Inhabitants, are greatly increasetl in the City and Liberty of Westminster:

That a Bridge lrom the Horse-ferry, at Wcdmwjler, to Lambeth, over the River Thames, will be of great Convenience to the said Inhabitants, as well as a Means of lowering the Price of Provisions in the Markets of the said City:

That he bored the Soil under the River Thames from the Horse-ferry, at Westm infer, to Isimbeth, and found it to he a hard Grave), although a little muddy near the said Ferry; but that under the Mud a hard Gravel was also found, so that it seems to him a good Foundation for a Stone Bridge j and that he had taken a Map of that Part of the River, which he laid before the Committee:

That he likewise bored the Soil under the River, over-ngninft Derby coin7, in Channel-row, anti found it much muddier, and the Gravel of not to good a Substance os at the Horse-ferry: for that Nx Men could not draw out the InAniment they h ired with at the said Ferry, but tint Four Men easily drew it out at Dvr by court; and that the said River is Eighty Feet wider at Derby-court than at the said Fcirv:

That , from the Calculation and Oblcrtution he made, according to Mr. Hmdn ware's Plan, the Solidity of the Piles of the Hi tlge will not railc the Water above a Quarter of an Inch higher than it now riles, and the great eft Fall will not he above I dir Indies: 'I hut the Tide runs in n direct Line between the llorl'e-ferry, at Wrjjminjer, and Lambeth, and icldom nilVs above 14 Feet: And that a Bridge built lrom the said Ferry to Lambeth, will be no Hindrance to the Navigation ot tin* said River:

That there are Three Ways from the said F< rry into the Middle of the said City and Liberty, one through Dirtydane, by LindJly-hoiJ'c into Old Palace yard; another, through Marki t-street, by the Grey coat I lof-pital, through Tuthill-fired,; and the Third through Dart mouth -j:reef, into Great Queen-jln et.

lie, being further examined, said, That lie founded the Bottom of the said River, against Whitehall, and found it to be bad Ground; and that <»n the Surry Side were several Shoals; and that the River was, there, lliaiiow:

That, at the Beginning of the Flood, when the Sandhill is uncovered, the Increase of the Tide is ft t, upon the Lcnccji SI 10 re, W eft ward, so as a Boat adrift will let ashore at bkctland-yard, and not go with the Stream, till 1 lie Tide is almost made, and the Sand-hill covered: That, immediately after High-water, the Tide lets fair about an Hour, but the greater Part of the Ebb Tide lets in on the Surry Shore, against Hunger ford Market; so that a Bridge erected at Whitehall will hardly have a fair Lock at any time of either Ebb or Flood, and, if there is any Wind, the Craft will be in Danger of hitting the Piers, and Sinking:

That the West Country Barges are 125 Feet long, and, if a Bridge is built at Derby-court, or A cre Palace-yard, there will be a good Passage for them at Ebb 1 kle, and an indifferent one at Flood, because the Tide will let obliquely upon the Bridge.

Air. Hinton confirmed the former part of the Evidence Yol. 2.

5 69

of Mr. La Belie; and further laid, That, if a Bridge is built at Derby-court, there must be Six Houses pulled down, to make a clear Passage through Channel-row; and that it will also be convenient for the said Houses to be pulled down, if a Bridge is built at the Horse-lerry; and that, from the said Ferry, through Tuthillflrcety into the Middle of Westminster, is Haifa Mile about.

Mr. Pattison said, That he was at the boring the Soil under the River Thames, from the Horse-ferry, at Westminster, to Lambtlh: That they bored through Six Feet Gravel in the Channel, and that the Instrument stuck fast: That he was also at the boring the Soil under the said River, over against Derby-court, and found a found gravelly Bottom.

Dr. De/'aguliers said, That he bespoke proper Instru-ments for boring the Soil under the Rivi r Thames: That he was present at several of the Borings between the I lorle-ferry, at Westminster, and Lambeth, on Westminster Sidej and, after boring through fume loose Stuff, they came to a hard Gravel; and that, the deeper they bored, the harder they found the Gravel: That, the wearer Westminster they were, the deeper they bored, because of the Depth of the Mud, but came to a hard Gravel, which makes him think it a good Foundation for a Stone Bridge,

That, according to the Plan of Mr. llaickfmove, the Solidity of 1 lie Piles of the Bridge will not raise the Water above a Quarter of an Inch: That the Gravel will not be at all affected by the Fall of the Water, nor the Fall hinder Boats parting against the Tide: That the Rapidity of the 'Fide will carry away the loose Mud, but cannot liir the Gravel; and that he thinks the Mud wiil be moved as much when the Bridge is building, as ever.

He, being further examined, said, That greater Ineonvcmcncies will arise from budding a Bridge at Whitehall, that at Acre Palace-yard: That, when the Sand-hill is covered, the Fide runs straight but One Hour and Half; and that the said Sand-hill is occasioned by the Turn of the River.

He further said, That, on the first Talk of a Bridge from Westminster to the Suny Side of the River, he thought Whitehall the most commodious Place; bur, upon Examination, found, that the Tideoi Flood runs directly again fi Scat land-yard, and, forth* greater Part, till it has covered tilt* Sand-hill; the 'Fide of Ebb, in the latter Part of it, fn ikes into the same Elbow, but fan In r, towards Hunger ford Stairs; to that the Direction in which the Bargee come up in the First Cafe, and go down in the 'Fide of’ Ebb, drives them against the ljondon Shore; and, t hough the Water is enfily ref lifted from 1 he Shore, the Targes, without great Care, are apt to firike against the said Shore, as they endeavour to continue in the rapid Suite of Motion which they have acquired by the Strength of that T ide: That lie inquired into the State of Fulham Bridge; and found, that, although it is but a little oblique to the Stream, it has occasioned the Lo s of many Barges, till the Bargemen learned the Skill of overcoming those Difficulties: That at Whitehall, as he apprehends, the Difficulty will be greater, because the Obliquity is greater; and that, if the Bridge be turned at Right Angles, to the Set of One Tide, to make the Passage the easier, it will make it extremely difficult for a contrary Tide; but that the greatest Difficulty, as he apprehends, from a Wooden Bridge being built at Whitehall, is the great Quantity of Ice, which, gathering and accumulating in the Elbow on either Side of the Bridge on the London Side, will adhere to the Piles and Wooden Supports of the Bridge; so that, upon the Fall of the Water from its Height, after Land-floods, and at Spring-tides, the Ice, being no longer supported, will fink down, and tear up the Piles, as he has known, and read of many Instances of the like kind; several at London Bridge.

Mr. Wilhty, Malterofa Hov, said. That building a Bridge from the Horse-ferry, at We/lminster, to Lambeth, will not affect the Navigation of the River Thames, nor raise the Water much higher than usual, because of the direct Current and Depi h of Water there: That building y F a Bridge

16° Februarii.

Westminster Bridge.

57°

16° Februarii.

*735*

Westnnnfter a Bridge lower down the said River, will affect the Spring Tide, when the Floods come down, great Part of

Bridge. Navigation; and that the direct Current reaches down Westminster is overflowed.

the said River, to the King's Arms Stairs, at Ebb. And he further said. That, at Whitehall Stairs, the

And, being further examined, said, That, in order Avenues are wide and open, and the Buildings to be to know the Reach, he brought Three Buoys to an purchased inconsiderable, the Gateway being the chief

Anchor; and that the Reach appeared to be from the on London Side, and that belonging to his Majesty:

Savoy to Vunxhall, and to bear N. E. and S. W.: That That, on Surry Side, at King's Arms Stairs, there are not

then, rowing into the Middle of the River, lie flung above Fifteen prSixteen Houses, at Three or Four Pounds

the First Buoy overboard, and that it was drove close a Year Rent, belonging to Chelsea College, necessary to be into Whitehall', that then he flung the Second over- pulled down, in order to widen the Street, which leads board, and it likewise drove to the Westerti Shore, by into an old Road eroding St. George's Fields by Newing-Westminster Ferry; and that then he flung the Third ton, that may be widened and causewayed at a much overboard, which bore a little off, till it came to Parlia- smaller Expence than any Part betwixt that Place and ment Stairs, and afterwards run upon a streight Line Lambeth, the Ground being mostly morally: That to Faux hall. Objections have been made to placing the Bridge at

Mr. Price said, That he was at the boring the Soil Whitehall, as being near an Elbow, or Widening of the

under the River Thames, from Westminster Ferry to River; but that, to answer those Objections* laying it a

Lambeth, and found a good found Bottom: That lower small matter oblique, not to tlieCourfeof the Tide, but down the said River are several Shoals, and bad Ground, with t he River, and placing some large Arches on the which oftentimes flop Barges: London Side, where the Tide does not set regular, will be

That, if a Bridge is built from the Horse-ferry, at an effectual Remedy; for that it is only at the First of the Westminster, to Lambeth, it will be no Detriment to (be Flood that the Tide lets over towards Whitehall* and that Navigation of the said River; but, by building a Bridge occasioned by the Bank on Surry Side, off of the Saw-lower down, Barges will be hindered going through it mill, which, so foonas the Tide has flowed over it, alters at Ebb Tide, except in the Channel; and that it would its Cowrfe, and runs regular, as in the Middle: also be detrimental to the Watermen on the other Days That the Tide of Ebb runs true, so that some of the of the Week, as well as take away (heir Sunday Ferries, Pins may be adapted to the course of the Stream; and which they compute at £. 1000 per Annum; soon will the Navigators know which Arch tolhoot, and

That the West Country Barges come down heavy on what proper Times of 1 ide, as well as at London Joaden, and go back but Three Quarters loaded; and Bridge, though, it is to be hoped, not with that fatal that they will only be able to go through a Bridge at Experience; for, as there will be no Fall, consequcutly-Whitehall, at First Quarter Ebb. there cannot be that Danger; besides, that the River

Mr. Vqfion, a Sugar-baker, said, as he has gained is much wider at Whitehall than at Westminster Ferry, Experience by fending his Goods by Water, That a or New Palace»yard, and therefore the greater and Bridge built from Westminster Horse-ferry to Lambeth freer will be the Passage for the Water, will bealess Detriment to the Navigation of the River He further said. That he founded the Bottom of the Thames, than in any Place between Fulham Bridge fard River, over against Whitehall, with Poles and Hooks, and London Bridge, because of the direct Current of and thinks it to be a found Bottom; and that, by build-the Tide: That the Barges will have a fair Passage, ing a Bridge at Whitehall, with some of the Piers oblique, and the Carriages a good Road, on Lambeth Side: the Barges may go one Tide through one Pier, and

That lower down the said River are several Shoals, and another through another Pier:

bad Ground; and that, if the Bridge is built at White- That, to him, it appears. That a Stone Bridge from hall, there is a bad and narrow Passage for Carriages on the Horse-ferry, at Westminster, to Lajnbelh, will make the 6'//m/Side; and, if at Scot La ml-yard, in time the a Fall of Eight Inches.

great Sand-hill will be joined to the Bridge, and render Mr. La Belie, being further examined, said. That he half the Arches useless* . founded and bored the Soil under the River, against

Captain Knotes said, That he has made Observation New Palace-yard, and found a hard Bed of Gravel, of several inconveniencies that would attend a Bridge covered, in some Places, with a kind of loose SrutF; and l>oin£ built from the Horse-ferry, at Westminster, to a little lower down the said River, are several Shoals: Lambeth, or at Palace-yard: That the Bottom of the River, at Neiv Eaiace-yard, is

That the Members of the House of Commons fre- fit for the Foundation of a Stone Bridge; the River questly meet with Difficulties, in their Passage to the being the re near 100 Feet wider than at the said Ferry, House, by the Stoppages made by Carts, Coaches, Sic. and the Current even and direct: That it is a good which proceeds from the Narrowness of the Streets, Place for a Bridge, and the best thereabouts, except the f itifomuch that the House is obliged, every Seflkms, to Horse-ferry: That, by a Bridge there, the Navigation

pnfs an Order for keeping them clear; and that, if such will not be prejudiced, nor the Craft which are to pall Obstructions and inconveniencies attend the Passage in through the Bridge,

those St reeis in the present Conjuncture of Business, Mr. Price, being further examined, said much to the they will be much increased when a Bridge is built; same Eft‘e£t with Mr La Belie; and that it will bedilii-for that now only few particular Persons fer/y over, cult to pass through a Bridge at Nero Palace-yard with and but a small Number of Wheel-carriages that are a North-east Wind, but, at other times, easy. used in the Trade, SCc. at Westminster; but that, when Upon the whole, the Committee came to the follow-a Road is opened into Kent, Surry, and Suffer, and ing Resolutions; viz.

the Markets come to be supplied that Way, it will Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

be next to an Impoflibiiity to pass or repass: That That it would be advantageous not only to the City of this maybe remedied by pulling down the House*, Westminster, but to many other of his M a jetty's Subjects, and making the Streets wider; but that, then, the and to the Publick in general, that a Bridge should be the Expence, as well as Time, of such an Undertaking, built cross the River Thames, from some Part of the said would be great, and amount to near as much as would City, to the Suri'y Side of the said River, build a Bridge: llcfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Streets which lead from Lambeth Ferry to That the most convenient Place for erecting the said the Kenfi/li Road are also very narrow, and, should the Bridge will be, from Nezv Palace-yard, to the Surry Bridge he placed there, most be widened, and the Side of the River. i Jloufes bought, or held by Lease, or Payment of a The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Ground-Rent; which, with the Purchase of the Arch- time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, bidiop’s Ferry, will be attended with another great agreed to by the House.

Expence: Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

That raising the Banks on each Side the River would building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the New be no small Charge; for that, as they are, every high JPalace-yard, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite

v&hore.

9 Geo. II. 16° — I y°

Shore, in the County of Snrrv: And that the I/>rd Simdon, Sir Charles IVagtr. General Wade, Colonel Bladen, and Mr. Crojfe, do prqwre, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Report from the Committee, to whorti the Petition of the chief BurgcflVs, Burgesses and Aflif-tants, and of the Freeholders and Inhabitants, of the City and Liberty of Westminster, whole Names are thereunto subsenbed, in behalf of themselves and the relt of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the said City and Liberty, was referred, be printed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

T. in ,. c . v I Mr. A1 Vrman llcathcvte,7 Tellers for the WSJ Mf ;w/, . ’} 39-

Tellers for the Noes\ \!r‘

I Mr. I earjc:

So it passed in the Negative.

93-

Supply The Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole lloule, to cunfider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Rejolred, That this House will, U|k>ii tins Day Se-venmght, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Poi.ifhtog Secretary nt War reported from the Committee

w*,0*e House, to whom the Hill lor punishing Mutiny and IVfertion, and for the hotter Payment of the Army and their Quarters; was committedj the Amendments v% hich the Committee had made to the Bill; and winch tiny had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Rq>ort in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's 'Fable: W here the* Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Stroud Time, one by one; and, upon the QuHlion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, Tluit the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and

°* Elections be adjourned.

Prinlrgtf.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Marti>, 170 die Februarii;

Anno y* Georgii IP1* Regis, 1735.

P u a y £ r s.

Hdf-pay \ JR. Secretary at War presented to the House, Officers. XVX pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, a List of the reduced Officers of his Mujcity’s Land Forces and Marines entitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1736.

Half-pay And he acquainted the House, That he had received Officer* jjs Commands to Jay before this House, a

1 uui. t|le Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s I and Forces and Marines who died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1736.

And he presented the said Lift to the House accordingly.

And the Titles of the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Lids are bouud up with the other Papers of this Soffion.

Callifies*, . The House proceeded to take into Consideration the kc. Sat. Amendments, made by thq Lords, to the Bill, intituled.

Vol. 22.

An Act for haturalizing Peter Callifies and Zachary Cahuac.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followed); viz.

Pr. 1. L. 5. I^ave Out and

L. 8. After *Gttienne," insert Frederick de Thoms Esquire, Son of Laurence T/ioms Esquire, by " Sybilla de Nitch his Wife, born at Gijj'en, in the Principality of Hr fen, in Germany; James Hays, Son of u John Hays, by Mary ills Wife, born at Rotterdam;

44 Lewis tinmann, Son of Frederick Schumann, by " Margaret his Wife, born at Bremen; John Valentin " Tout in Son of Isaac Toutin, by Janelun his Wife,

44 Injrn at Stockholm; George Nail, Son of Jochim €* Nail, by Mary his Wife, born ut Warenberg, in the Electorate of lirandenburgh; Henry Fry, Sou of Leonard Fry, by Anne his Wife, born at Molten, in Saxon Lavenburg; John Saint, Son of James Saint,

" by Elizabeth his Wife, born at Saint Lo, in Nor*

44 in and y; John Mafic k, Son of John Musick, by Cat he*

" rine Elizabeth his Wife, horn at Hamburgh; James Cahuac, Son of Abraham Cahuac, by Mary his Wife;

44 born at Ixvinac, in the Province of Bordeux, in 4i France, and Samvel Dejpaignol, Son of Samuel De* 44 Jjmignot, by Elizabeth his W ife, born at LabuJUde, in the Province of Guienne, in France L 18. Leave out and L. j 9. After Cahuac,' insert Frederic de Thoms, James Hays, Lewis Schumann, John " Faim9in Toutin, George Nail, Henry Fry, John 4* Saint, John Musick, James Cahuac, and Samuel Dejpaignol

L 31. Leave out the First and, " and, after Cahuacinfert " Frederick de Thoms, James Hays; 44 Ijeicis Schumann, John Valentin Toutin, George Nail, Henry Fry, John Saint, John Musick, James Cahuac, and Samuel Dejpaignol

Pr. 2. L. 19. Leave out "and," and after 44 Ca- huac," inlert Frederick de Thoms, James Hays, 44 Ijcwis Schumann, John Valentin Toutin, George Nail, 44 Henry Fry, John baint, John Musick, James Cahuac* 44 and Samuel DeJ'paigncl

L. 2S. Leave out and L. 29. After 4k Cahuac," insert Frederick de Thoms, James Hays, Lends Schumann, John Valentin Toutin, George Nail, Henry Fry, John Saint, John Musick, James Cahuac, and Samuel Dejpaignol :*

In the Title of the Bill, Line 3d, leave out and;" and, at the End of the Title, add and others."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Gueiiion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Humphrey Howarth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this I louse hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Dersertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Dersertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry thfe Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster, was read a Second time.

Rejoiced. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Win* nington, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Hen. Archer, Mr. Geo. Fox, Mr. Henry Fox, Mr. I^y tile ton. Sir Roger Bnrgoyne, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Walter, Mr. Trefufis, Sir John Buckworth, Mr. Alderman If'd-limott, Mr. Braffey, Captain Purvis, Mr. Archer, Mr^ White, Mr. More, Sir Henry Gough, Captain Gough,

Punishing Mutiny and Dclertiim.

St. Martin it the Fields Nightly Watch, &c.

c.

57*

Mr. Plumplre, Lord John Sackville, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Tucker> Sir Wm. Irby, Sir Oxenden, Mr. Clutter-Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Mr. Crojfe, Mr.

B#, Lord Harry Poxclett, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Plainer, Mr. Frank land, Mr. Gibson, Mr. Wollaston, Mr.

Mi\ Hay, Mr. Leicis, Mr. Campbell of PembrokeJh\ Sir Stapylton, Mr. Bacon, Sir James Grant, Mr. Earle, Mr. Gb/r, Mr. Lockxvood, Mr* Seluyn, Lord Middlesex, Mr. D uncomb, Mr. Cavendi/k, Mr. Phillips, Lord Polwarsh, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gybbon,- Mr. Scaree/?, Sir Robert A often, Mr. Whitworthy Mr. Ixmgueville* Mr. Coster: and all the Members who serve for the County of Middlesex, and City of Westminster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Indemnify- Sir George O.venden presented to the House, ac-iojiOmissions cording to Order, a Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to make and subscribe the Declarations contained in the Act of Uniformity, of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of King Charles the Second, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for doing thereof; And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

170 — 190 Februarii

4- 1735*

to fig 11 Declarations.

Exon City

improve-

ment.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of Exon, was presented to the House, and read; Getting forth, That the Citizens and Inhabitants of the said City have frequently represented unto the Petitioners, That, to cleanse and enlighten the Streets of the said City within the Walls thereof, and to keep a strongand regular Watch within the same, will be of great Service and Importance for the Preservation of the Persons, Properties, and Health, of the Citizens and Inhabitants thereof, and very necessary to prevent as well the Mischiefs which may happen from Fires, as Murders, Burglaries, Robberies, and Felonies, and other Violences, Outrages, and Disorders, in the Nighttime, within the Walls of the said City, and for apprehending the Persons concerned therein, and arresting suspected Persons, Night-walkers, and the like evil Persons, and securing them, so as they may be brought to Justice; the said City being very large, and many Strangers resorting thither; and it being, as the Petitioners conceive, very necessary and useful to cleanse and enlighten the said Streets, and keep a strong and regular Watch in the Night-time, throughout the Year, within the Walls of the said City, for the Purposes aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for cleaning and enlightening the Streets of the said City, within the Walls thereof, and for keeping a strong and regular Watch therein in the Night-time.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is reierred to Sir Henry Norlhcofe, Mr. Bailey I.ord Robert Mountagu, Mr. Treby, Mr. Hooper, Mr. FortcfcuCy Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Sandys, Lord Pvlwarsh, Mr. Fane, Mr. Geo. Fox, Mr.. Hen. Fox, Mr. Eliot, Mr. BradJhaWy Sir Edward Dering, Mr, Sibthorpey Mr. Stert, Mr. Arfcot, Mr. Clavering, Mr. Copplestone, Mr. Speke, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Glut ter back, Mr. Master, Mr. Noel, Mr. Laroche, Sir Robert AuJ'ten. Sir John Rushout, Sir John Cope,' Lord Middlesex, Sir Roger Burgoyne, Mr. Pelham, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Trcfufis, Mr. Boone, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Wm, Pitt, Mr. John Pitt, Siv Abraham Elton, Mr. Fox, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Coster, Lord Wallingford, Lord Baltimore, Lord Noel Soma ft, Mr. Erejkine, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Brereton, Sir James Grant, Mr. Vane, Lord John Sa dec Hie, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Philips, Mr. Crosse; and all the Mem-In ’ps who serve for the County of Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to Tend for Persons, Papers, and Records..

The House proceeded, according to Order, to the Soothe further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of £Wnon. Richard Sheppard Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member, Mr. Heathcote, weref heard: And acquainted the House,

That they thought it unnecessary to produce any Evidence on his Part, infilling, That the Evidence produced by the Petitioner had not proved the Allegations of his Petition:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner was heard: And acquainted the House, That, since the Counsel for the Sitting Member lmd not produced any Evidence on his Part, the Petitioner, relying on the Evidence already produced in his behalf, submitted his same to the Judgment of the House, and would give the House no further Trouble.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made* and the Question being proposed, That George Heathcote Esquire isduiy elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament lor the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey1

Mr. Heathcote was heard in his Place.

And then he withdrew.

Rifolved, Nemine contradicente. That George Heath* cote Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se- Exporiaiioi vennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole °*Wog1, House, to consider of Heads for a Bill for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, and of Wool, and Wool manufactured, from Ireland, to foreign Parts.

The House being informed, That William Phipps ftefttorr Esquire, who hath exhibited a Petition to this House, Utctoi complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Westbury, in the County of Wilts, desires to withdraw so much of the Complaint in the said Petition, as relates to the honourable George Evans Esquire, one of the Sitting Members for the said Borough;

Ordered, That the Petition of William Phipps Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Ke-tnrn for the Borough of Westbury, in the County of Wilts, be, at his Detire, dismissed, as to what relates to the said George Evans Esquire.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next, Niue of the Clock.

Jovis, 19* die Feb

Anno 9" Georgii II41 Regis, 1735.

Prayk rs.

fj^HE House being informed, that Mr. Oxen/ord, a X from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended *»re;?n

f.ri

at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the'Bar, presented to tire House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of foreign Sail-cloth imported into England from Christmas 17*(; Chralmas 1734, distinguishing each Year, with an Account of the Duty paid for the same, and what Quantity has been re-exported: And also,

An Account of what English Sail-cloth has been exported, from Chri/hnas 1729 to Christmas 1734, together with an Account of the Bounty paid thereon, ng each Year: And also,

Act

Saii-cloli'

distinguiliii

9 Geo. II. 19 Februarii.

Woolltnt An Account of what Quantity of Woollen Manufac-(3u ttrd to fores of England has been exported to Raffia, from Christ-koflU. mai i-jzy toChrijlmas 1734; distinguiiliing each Year. And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the house. The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Prhton A Petition of the Prisoners confined in theFir/Prison Petition. for Debt, in behalf of themselves, and several Thousands confined for Debt in the frvcral Prisons throughout the Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read*, complaining of their Ditlrcfs: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ref deed, That this House will, upon Wednesday

tod Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

SpinisS Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, pursuant to

brprrdiboiis their Address to his Majesty, Copies and Extracts of Representations, Memorials, Petitions, and Letters, re-1 lating to any Losses fu flamed by his Majesty’ii Subjects, by Depredations committed by the Spaniards in Europe or America, since the 13th Day' of March 1725, which have not already been laid before the House of Commons; together with a List of the said Copies and Extracts, And the said Lift was read; and is as follows;

Lift of Copies and Extracts of Representations, Memorials, Petitions, and Letters, relating to any Losses sustained by his Majesty's Subjects, by Depredations committed by the Spaniards, in Europe or America, since the 23th Day of March 1725, which have not already been laid before the.House of Commons.

Copy of a Letter from the Lord Viscount Townshend to Mr. Keene, December 8, 1729; inclosing.

Copy of the same of the Owners and Freighters of the Ship Dolphin:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Durell Bayley to Mr.

Warner, Si. Domingo, April lit, 1729:

Copy of the Affidavit of James Mills:

Copy of a Letter from John Bi gie, Commander of the Ship Nelly, to Mr. Merrett Ivica, Ocl. 17th, 1729. F.xtra# of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Neiccastle, Seville, December n4T, 1729; inclosing,

Copy of the King of Spain's Cedilla for restoring all Prizes taken from the English Alice the (j June 1728, dated December T'T 1729; and,

Translation.

Extra# of a Letter from Mr. AVmrtothe Duke of Neiccastle, Seville, December 44, 1729; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from M. Patino to Mr. Keene, December 44, 1729; and,

Translation.

Extra# of a Letter from the Duke of Neiccastle to Mr. Keene, December 25th, 1729.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of XewcajU', Seville, i7*9-3o.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, January, 26, 1729-30; inclosing,

Copy of the Deposition of Lane Whitehall.

Extra# of a Letter from the Duke of Newcqftlc to Mr. Keene, January 30, 1729-30; inclosing,

Copy of his Majesty’s Order to the Governors in

America, for the Restitution of Prizes taken from the Spaniards since the June 1728, dated January 22, 1729-30:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to his Majesty’s Governors in America, Jan. 22, j 729-30: Vo l. 22.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Neiccastle to the sp.misti Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, Jan. 22, Depre^tiqai 1729-30: on UritilU

Copy of another Letter from the Duke of Neiccastle to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty,

Jan. 22', 1729-30.

Extra# of a Letter from the Duke of Neivcastle to Mr. Keene, Jan. 30, 1729-30; inclosing,

Copy of C aptain Bonham's Affidavit:

Copy of George Jennings's Affidavit.

Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Neiccastle, Seville, Feb. fl, 1729-30; inclosing,

Copy of the King of Spain's Cedilla for making Lists of Prizes taken from the English; and,

Translation.

Copy of a letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr.

Keene, Feb. 12, 1729-30; inclosing.

Copy of the Petition of Messieurs Parminter and

Triftram.

Extra# of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, March 5, 1729-30: inclosing,

Extract of a Letter from Rear Admiral Cavendish to Mr. Burchett, Gibraltar Bay, Jan. 20,1729-30.

Extra# of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to '

Mr. Keene, March 9, 1729-30; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from the Lords Commissioners for Trade, Kc. to the Duke of Newcastle, March 3,

1729-30; inclosing,

Copy of the Memorial of Messieurs Butler, Chancy, and Thomas and Win. Chejslyre, Merchants.

Extra# of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, March 16, 1 729-30; inclosing,

Draught of the King's Order to the Governors of the Plantatious, to make Lists of Prizes taken from the Spaniards.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Neiccastle, Antequera, March 1729-30.

Extra# of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, March 24, 1729-30; inclosing.

Copy of a Letter from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Duke of Newcastle, March 17,

1729-30.

Extra# of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to Mr. Burchett, Jamaica, December 30, 1729:

Translation of a Letter from Don Antonio Corless to Rear Admiral Stewart, St. Jago deCuba, December 5, 1729:

Copy of a Letter from Alexander Cupples, Master of a Vessel taken by the Spaniards, to Rear Admiral Stewart, Kingston, December 8, 1729:

Copy of the Affidavit of Thomas Coverly, Master of the Sloop Exeter, and of Robert Ball, Master of the Sloop Mitford:

Copy of the Affidavits of several Sailors and Passengers belonging to the Sloops Exeter and Mitford:

Copy of the Affidavit of Samuel Noel and Thomas Gore, Mariners, belonging to the Sloop Exeter:

Copy of a Letter from Story King, St. Domingo9 Jtily 9, 1729:

Copy of a Letter from Story King, St. Domingo,

July 11, 1729:

Extra# of a Letter from Consul Tucker to the Duke of Newcastle, Alicant, 5-777-^, 1729-30.

Extra# of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, May 25, 1730.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr.

Keene, June 4, 1730; inclosing,

Extra# of a Letter from Consul Tucker to the Duke of Newcastle, Alicant, May 44, 1730:

Copy of the Affidavit of Richard Gildart and Wm.

Webjler:

Copy of a Letter from Robert Eaton to Mr. Clemence,

Gibraltar, November 1729.

Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, Constantina, June 1730. N

7 G Copy

5 74 19° Febru A. 1735.

Spmifli Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of

Depredation* Newcastle, Constantina, June 1730; inclosing, on British Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Marquis de e* la Paz, June44, 17305 and,

Translation:

Copy of Consul Crosse s Memorial:

Copy of the Memorial of the English Merchants residing at the Canaries:

Copy of a Letter from M. Patino to Mr. Keene, June -£c>> 173°; and>

Translation.

Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Nezocastle, Cazalla, June 44, 17305 inclosing-.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Marquis de hi Paz, June 44, 1730; and,

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to M. Patino, June ±4, 17305 and,

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Marquis de la Paz, June 44, 1730 5 and,

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to M. Patino, Feb. Tpy, 1729-305 and,

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to M. Patino, May.tV, 1730; and,

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to M. Patuio,

Sjg. Wi »<!.

Translation:

Extra# of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, 7«Zy 25, 17305 inclosing.

Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to the Duke of Nezocastle’s Secretaries, July 4, 1730:

Extract of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stezvart to Mr. Burchett, Jamaica, May 10, 1730:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Nexvcafile, Cazalla, Jto/y W, 1730; inclosing,

Extract of a Memorial presented by Mr. Keene to the King of Spain, 1750; and,

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to M. Patina, July tV> 1730; and,

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Marquis de la Paz, /r//y TV> *73°; and,

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from the Marquis de la Paz to r Mr- Keene, 17305 and,

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from the Marquis de la Paz to Mr. Keene, j — > 17 30; and,

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Marquis de la Paz, July T’T, 1730; and,

Translation:

Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Nezocastle to Mr. Keene, July 27, 1730.

Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of

Newcastle, Cazalla, 1730; inclosing.

Extra# of a Letter from the Marquis de la Paz to Mr. Keene, July 44-, 17305 and,

Translation,

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Nezocastle to Mr. Keene, August 24, 1730; inclosing.

Extra# of a Letter from the Duke of Nezocastle to Mr. Stanhope, September 29, 1729:

Copy of a Letter from the Governor and Council of Bermuda to the Duke of Nezocastle, October 16, 1729:

Copy of the Petition and Representation of the Governor, Council, and Assembly, of Bermuda, to the King:

Copy of a Letter from the Lords Commissioners for

Trade, 8Cc. to the Duke of Nezocastle, August 4, 17301

Copy of a Letter from the Governor and Council of Bermuda to the Lords Commissioners for Trade, 8Cc. October 16, 1729:

Copy of a Letter from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Duke of Newcastle, August 21, 1730:

Extra# of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stezvart to Mr. Burchett, Jamaica, May 29, 1730:

Copy of the same of the Brigantine Hannah Hope, of Penjilvania:

Copy of the Declaration of Daniel Jennings, Matter of the Sloop Nymphet:

Extra# of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stezvart to Mr. Burchett, June 9, 1730:

Copy of a Letter from several Merchants at Jamaicat to Rear Admiral Stewart, May 28, 1730:

Copy of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stezvart to the Governor of Cartagena, Jamaica, June 9, 1730. Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Nezocastle, Seville, - — -x, 1730: inclosing.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Marquis de la Paz, 1730; and,

Scpicm. o' 10 7 9

Translation.

Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, Seville, , 1730; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Marquis de la Paz, September 44, 17305 and,

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from the Marquis de la Paz to Mr.

Sr-1? 30 J and,

Translation.

Extra# of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, October 5,1730 5 inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Duke of Newcastle, September 8, 1730:

Extra# of a Letter from Captain Barnejley to Mr.

Burchett, Barbadoes, July 6, 1730:

Extra# of a Letter from Governor Worjley to the Duke of Nezocastle, Barbadoes, July, 7, iJ3r. Extra# of a Letter from the Duke of Nczocajtle to Mr. Keene, October 5, 17305 inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Nezocastle to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, September *5, 173°-

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Nezocastle to his Majesty’s Governors in America, September 25, 1730-

Extra# of a Letter from the Duke of Nezocastle to Mr. Keene, October 31, 1730; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Melfieurs Hayman and Hynes to Captain Bonham, July 24, 1730:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Cocke to Messieurs Ilayman and Hynes, St. Jago de Cuba, July 1730: Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to the Duke of Newcastle’s Secretaries, October 22d, 1730:

Copy of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stezpart to Mr.

Burchett, July 5, 1730:

Copy of a Memorial of the Loss and Damage sustained by John Hunter, of Jamaica, Owner of the Ship Success, Wm. Knot, Matter.

Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Nezocastle, Seville, November 1730; inclosing, Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Marquis de

*-=&« 73o> and,

Translation:

Copy of a Letter froqi Mr. Keene to the Marquis de Translation:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Patino to the Alcalde, Mayor of Majorca 5 and,

Translation.

Copy

p Geo. II. ip° Febhiarii.

575

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Nezvcafiie to Mr. Keene, November 30, 1730; inclosing.

Copy of Captain Bonham's Memorial, Nevember 13, 1730;

Copy of his Majesty’s Jxtter to the King of Spain, November 30, 1730.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Neurajlle, Seville, December 1730; inclosing.

Copy of a letter from Mr. Keene to the Marquis dc la Paz, December ^T, 1730; ami,

Transition:

Copy of a loiter from Mr. Keene to the Marquis de la Paz, December 1730* and,

Translation:

C opy of a letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Xewcastle, Seville, 1730-t; inclosing.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Marquis de la Paz, 1730* 1; and,

Jt NMIII ' w 9

Translation.

Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Nrwcafile to Mr. Keene, January 14, 1730-1; inclosing.

Copy of the Memorial of John Hunter, of Jamaica, and of John Cook* of London, Merchants, Owners of the Ship Succejs:

Copy of a letter from Mr. Hunter to Mr. Cook, Jamaica* July 4, 1730;

An Account of Goods shipped on board the Ship Succtfs:

Copy of the Declaration o (Wm. Knott, Francis Smith Kelly, and Edward Giles:

Copy of a Letter from Governor Rogers to Mr.

Hunter, New Providence, June 3, 1730:

Copy Of a Letter from Wm. Knott, June 1, 1 730. Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Kezccastle to Mr. Keene, January 22, 1730-1 j inclosing.

Copy of the Petition of the Merchants trading to the Canary Islands, and of those residing the re:

Copy of the Representation of the Merchans trading to the Canary Islands.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Nrwcafile to Mr. Keene, February 23, 1730-1; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Duke of Nezccastle, Feb. 18, 1730-1:

Extract of a Letter from Rear Admiral Steieart to Mr. Burchett, November 9, 1730:

Copy of the Deposition of Wm. Benson, Commander of the Snow Mary, of Liverpoole.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, Feb. 17,1730-1.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Kezccastle, Seville, 1730-1.

Extru6fc of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Kezccastle, Seville, ~-p l6, 1730-1; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Marquis de la Paz, Fu~6ry-\ I73°-i J and,

Translation.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Xewcajllc to Mr. Keene* March 26, 1731; inclosing,

Copy of the Address of the House of Commons, March 1O, 1730-1.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, Seville, \ 1730-1 j inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Marquis de la Paz, Mar. , 1730-1; and,

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Marquis de la Paz, Mar. 1730-1; and,

Translation:

Copy of the Declaration of John Condon, and the rest of the Crew of the Ship Camb dwell.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Nezccastle, Seville, April 1-731.

Vol. 22.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Spanirti Krucajitc, Seville, , 1731; inclosing, Bn^h0"*

Copy of a letter from Mr. Keene to the Marquis de Trade.

la Paz

M «y 7

Translation:

173*; and,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Marquis de la Paz> *73' i and,

Translation.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Nezccastle, Seville, May A, 1731; inclosing.

Copy of a Letter from the Marquis de la Paz, to Mr. Keene* May -,*T, 1731; and,

Translation.

Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene. June 2, 1731; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Duke of Neiocastle^ May 15, *731:

Extract of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to Mr. Burchett, Jamaica, March 8, 1730-1:

Copy of a Letter from Captain Reddish to the Governor of Porto Rico, January 31, 1730-1: Translation of the Governor of Porto Rico's Letter to Captain Reddish, Feb. V4-, 1730-1:

Copy of the Declaration of Lieutenant Masters and Wm. Benson, of their Treatment at Porto Rico: Copy of a letter from Mr. Pratter, the South Sea Factor at Jamaica, to Rear Admiral Stewart, March

4.1730-1:

Copy of the Representation of the South Sea Factors at Jamaica to Rear Admiral Stewart, March 4, 1730-1:

Translation of a Letter from the Governor of St Jago de Cuba to Rear Admiral Stewart, *3

,730*1:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, June 3, 1731-

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, June 3, 1731; inclosing.

Copy of a Letter from Consul Tucker to the Duke of Neucastle, Alicant, May A, 1731:

Copy of a Letter from Consul Holloway to the Duke of Newcastle, May 26, 1731.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Nezccajtle, Seville, June 4J, 1731; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Marquis de la Paz, May ±1, 1731; and,

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from the Marquis de la Paz to Mr.

Keene, 1731 i and,

Translation.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Marquis de la Paz, June A, 1731; and,

Translation.

Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, June 18, 1731; inclosing,

Copy of the Deposition of Robert Jenkins, and others. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Nezccafile, Seville, July H* 1731; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Marquis de la Paz, July tV, >73>; and,

Translation.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Nezvcafiie, Seville, July 44, 1731; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from the Marquis de la Paz to Mr. Keene, July 44, 1731; and,

Translation.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, August 3, 1731.

Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Nezvcafiie to Mr. Keene, August 3, 1731; inclosing,

Copy

r

57<5

190 Februarii.

4- 1735-

Spanift Copy of the Memorial of Henry Lloyd., and other

ePref^0B1 Merchants of Bristol, and of the Matter and Mari-Trade. 1 ners of Ship Robert Gaily:

Copy of the Affidavit of Captain Story King, of the Ship Robert Gaily:

Copy of the Affidavit of Thomas Grayfon, Surgeon of the Ship Robert Gaily.

Extra® of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, Aug. 16, 1731.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of

Extra® of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, Seville, 1731 inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Marquis de

-73'

Translation.

Extra® of a Letter from the Duke of Nezocastle to Mr. Keene, September i6# 1731 j inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Duke of Newcastle, September 1731:

Extra® of a Letter from Captain Barnejley, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the Scarborough, to Mr. Burchett, September 10, 1731:

Copy of a Letter from John Roberts, Matter of the Ship Biddy, of Bristol\ to Captain Barnejley,

Rico, A/tfj/ 25, 1731:

Extract of a Letter from Consul Tucker to Mr.

chett, Alicant\ Aug oft 44, 1731:

Extra® of a Letter from Consul Tucker to the Duke of Newcastle, AlicantAuguft 44, 1731.

Extras of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, Seville, September 44, 1731.

Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, October 14, 1731; inclosing.

Copy of Memorial of the Court of Directors of the Company October 5, 1731.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, October 29, 1731.

Extra® of a Letter from Mr. ifedwe to the Duke of Newcastle, Seville, October 44, 1731; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. to Mr. Patino,

September 2%

oLery *73* 5 a^.

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Marquis de la Pax, October 44, 1731; and,

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Marquis de la Pax, September -44, 1731; and,

Translation.

Extra® of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, Odobei 29, 1731.

Extra® of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, Seville, October 44, and November 44, 1731 j inclosing,

Draught of a Declaration; and,

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Marquis de la Pax, November T4T, 1731; and,

Translation:

Copy of the Order to the Governor of the Havanna, for preventing any unlawful Vexations, Sic. to the English, May 44, 1731; and,

Translation:

Copy of the Order to the President of the Audience of St. Domingo relating to the Ship Mary, of Liverpool, and for preventing unlawful Vexations, Sic. to the English, May -fa 1731; and,

Translation:

Copy of the Order to the Governor of Margarita,

relating to the Ship Biddy, of Bristol, and for

preventing unlawful Vexations to the English

0a°ber *z t72t and November 2* 7 3 *

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from the Marquis dela Pax to Mr.

Keene, November fa, 1731; and, -Translation:

Copy of a Letter from the Marquis de la Pax to Mr.

Keene, November fa, 1731; and,

Translation.

Copy of a Letter from Lord Harrington to Mr'. Keene, November 8, 1731; inclosing.

Copy ofa Letter from Air Smith, Secretary to th e South Sea Company, to Mr. Deiafaye, November 5,1731: Copy of a Letter from Messieurs Dennis and Cock to Governor Hunter, St. Jago de Cuba, August fa, 1731:

Extracts of Two Letters from the South Sea Company’s Agents at Jamaica, of August 19 and 21,

1731:

Extra® of a Letter from the Court of Dire®ors of the South Sea Company to Mr. Keene, July 22, 1731-

Extra® of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keenei November 18, 173 1; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Duke of Newcastle, November 10, 1731:

Extra® of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to Mr. Burchett, September 14, 1731:

Copy of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to the Governor of the Havanna, September 12, 1731. Extra® of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, December 9, 1731; inclosing,

Copy of the Memorial of the Owners of the Ship Anne Gaily.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, Seville December fa, 1731; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from the Marquis de la Pax to

rr November 24 ,

Mr. Keene, *73* J and,

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from the Marquis de la Pax to

i f rr November 24.

Mr. Keene,-fiZSr5-> *731 i and,

Translation:

Extra® of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, Seville, December 44, 1731; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to Mr. Pati?io, November 44, 1731 $ and,

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to Mr. Patino, November 44, 1731; and,

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Marquis de la Pax December 44, 1731 j and,

Translation:

Extra® of a Letter from Air. Patino to Mr. Keene, December 44, 1731 and,

Translation:

Copy of the King of Spain*s Cedula for restoring tfle Ship Anne Gaily, December fa, 1731 j and, Translation:

Extra® of a Letter from the South Sea pastor at Porto Rico to Mr. Keene, October fa, 1731; and, Translation:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, January 14, *73i-

Copy of a Letter from Lord Harrington to Mr. Keene, December 27, 1731; inclosing,

Copy of the Petition of Solomon Merret, in behalf of himself, and the rest of the Owners of the Ship Nelly.

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, Jan. 6, 1734; inclosing,

Copy of a Memorial of the Loss and Damage sustained by Simeon and John Warner, Owners of the Ship Dolphin, taken by the Spaniards:

Copy of the Memorial of Loss and Damage sustained by Simeon and John Warnert and Messieurs

Ecclestdne

Geo. II. 190 Februarii. 577

Ecclesionc and Ilozve, Owners of Goods on Board the Ship Dolphin:

Copy of the Memorial of Loss and Damage sustained by Messieurs Morris, Harper, and Ruddock, Owners of Goods on board the Ship Dolphin:

Copy of the Deposition of Richard Cochran Dixon, Mariner, relating to the Ship Dolphin:

Copy of a Memorial of Loss and Damage fnftained by Michael Terrill, Owner of Goods on board the Ship Dolphin:

Copy of the Memorial of Loss and Damage sustained by Waller Quarme, late Steward of the Ship Dolphin:

Copy ofaMemorial of the Loss and Dam age sustained by Robert Hackjhaw, df London, Merchant, and others, Owners of the ShipBeaver, of New York: Copy of a further Memorial of the Charges and Exigences of Robert Hackjhaw, one of the Owners , of the Ship Beaver:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, Jan. 10, 173 f; inclosing,

Extra# of a Letter from Consul Parked to the Duke of Newcastle, Corunna, 2*i 731-2:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of NeWcaJlle to Con-fill Parker, Jan. 10, 173*:

Copy of the Deposition of Robert Turner, Mariner: Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, Jan. 20, 173!; inclosing,

Copy of a, Letter from Consul Crosse to the Duke of Newcastle, Tenerife, September, 44, 1731:

Copy of a Letter from Consul Crosse to the Duke of

a, November 27

Newcastle, De^bc7V> 173*:

Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, Seville, Jan. 44, 1731-2; indofu^g.

Copy of a Letter from M. Patino to Mr. Keene, Jan. -jSy , 1731-2; and, r

Translation:

Copy of the King of Spain's Cedula to his Governors in America, relating to the Spanish Privateers, Seville, Jan. ^-,1731-2; and,

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from the Marquis ate la Paz to Mr. Keene, Jan. T*T, 1731-2; and,

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Marquis de la Paz, Jaiu T6T 1731-2; and,

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Marquis de la Paz, Jan. 44, 1731-2; and,

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to M. Patino, Jan. 44, 1731-2; and,

Translation:

Extra# of a Letter from NLr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, Seville, 173f-2,; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from M. Patino to Mr. Keene, Jan.

tV, 1731-2; and,

Translation:

Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, inclosing

Copy of an Order to the Governor of Cuba, for re-ltoring the Ship AnneGaWy, Seville, ^7^,1731-2; and,

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to Lord Hairing-ton, Seville, 1731-2.

Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle^ Seville, t 731-2; inclosing,

.Copy of a Declaration signed by the British and Spanish Ministers, concerning the Depredations of the

Spaniardsm the West Indies, Seville, 1731-2;

and,

Translation:

Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Spanish Newcastle, Seville, Feb. 173 i-2; inclosing, JXurtnilT

Copy of* a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Marquis de Trade* la Paz, Feb. 1731-2; and,

Translation:

Extra# of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, March 16, 1731-2; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Duke of Newcastle, Jan. 20,

1731-2:

Extra# of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to Mr. Burchett, Jamaica, October 31, 1 731:

Copy of the Deposition of Wm. Ivy, Mailer of the Prince William Sloop:

Copy of the Deposition of James Robinson, Mate of the Prince William Sloop:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Tajfel to Captain Bonham,

Havana, Jan1731-2.

Copy of a Letter from the Diike of Newcastle to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, Feb. 18,

1731-2:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, Mar. 16, 1731-2:

Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of

Newcastle, Seville, 1732; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from M. Patino to Mr. Keene,

March 26 ,

anJ,

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from M. Patino to the Marquis de Valhermo/o, — -11732; and.

Translation:

Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, Seville, Apr. 44, 1732; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to M. Patino, April t4t, 1732; and,

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, Seville, Apr. 44, 1732:

Extra# of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, June 5, 1732; inclosing.

Copy of the same of the Owners and Freighters of the Belly Gaily, and of the Loyal Gaily:

Copy of the Petition of Captain Thomas Dolman, of Bristol, in behalf of himself, and the rest of the Owners of the Ship Biddy:

Extra# of a Letter from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Duke of Newcastle, Mar. 27, 1732:

Extra# of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to Mr. Burchett, Port Royal, Jan. 14, 1731-2: Extra# of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to Mr. Burchett, Jan. 24, 1731-2:

Copy of a Letter from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Duke of Newcastle, May 12, 1732:

Extra# of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to Mr. Burchett, Mar. 19, 1731-2:

Extra# of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, July 14, 1732; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stezvart to the Duke of Newcastle, Jamaica, April 28, 1732: Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty,/*/^ 4, 1732. Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Rear Admiral Stezvart, July 4, 1732:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, July 14, 1732; inclosing,

Copy of the Petition of Abraham Harris, Merchant, and Wm. Harris, Mariner, Owners of the Ship Salisbury:

Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, Seville, August -T, 1732; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Marquis de la Paz, August 1732; and,

Translation:

Yo l. 22.

7 H Copy

5 jB 19° Febtuarii. A. 1735.

'Sparil/h depredations on British Trade.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Marquis de la Paz, August 1732; and,

Translation :.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, Seville, August 44, 1732; inclosing,

'Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to Mor. Patino, August^i^iy and,

Translation:

Extract of a letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, Seville, September 4r> 1732; inclosing.

Copy of a Letter from Mor. Patino to Mr. Keene, September 44, 1732; and,

Translation:

Copy of a Letter From Mr. Keene to M. Patino, September ^T, 1732; and,

Translation:

Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, October 12, 1732; inclosing,

Copy of an Affidavit, made before the Mayor of Bristol, relating to the Ship SaliJbunj:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, October 12, 1732; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Duke of Newcastle, August 24,

17 3 2:

Copy of Rear Admiral Stewart's Orders to Captain Aubin, Commander of his Majesty's Ship the Deal Castle, Apr. 1, 1732:

Extract of a Letter from Captain Aubin to Mr.

Burchett, Kiketon in Virginia, June 30, 1732: Copy of a Letter from Captain Aubin to the Governor ofjucatan, Apr. 23, 1732:

Copy of a Letter from the Governor of Yucatan to Captain Aubin, 1732:

Copy of a Letter from Captain Aubin to the Governor of Jucatan, May i, 1732:

Copy of a Letter from Captain Aubin to the Town Major of Campeachy, May 4,1732:

Copy of a Letter from the Town Major of Campeachy to Captain Aubin, May T+T, 1732:

Copy of a Letter from Captain Aubin to the Town Major of Campeachy, May 5, 1732:

Copy of a Letter from Captain Aubin to Messieurs Campbell and Orem, May 5, 1732:

Affidavit of the Second Mate and Boatswain of the Pink Samuel and Molly, May 6, 1732:

Copy of a Letter from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Duke of Newcastle, Aug. 29, 1732:

Extra# of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to Mr. Burchett, Jamaica, July 5, 1732:

Copy of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to the Governor of the Havanna, Apr. 6, 1732

Extra# of the Proceedings of Captain Douglas, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the Phoenix* at the Havanna; with Copy of a Letter from Captain Douglas to the Governor of that Place, May 11, 1732:

Translation of a Letter from the Governor of the Havanna to Captain Douglass, May 44, 1732: Copy of a Letter from Captain Douglas to the Governor of the Havanna, May 16, 1732: Translation of a Letter from the Governor of the Havanna to Captain Douglas, May 44, 1732: Copy of a Letter from Captain Douglas to the Governor of the Havanna, May 18, 1732:

Translation of a Letter from the Governor of the Havanna to Rear Admiral Stewart, May 44, 1732: Copy of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to the Governor of St. Jago de Cuba, May 2, 1732: Translation of a letter from the Governor of St. Jago de Cuba to Rear Admiral Steivart, May -iV, 1732: Copy of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to the Governor of the Havanna, June 5, 1732:

Copy of a Letter from the South Sea Company's Fa#or at the Havanna to Rear Admiral Stewart:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Sir Chaloner Ogle, or the Commander in Chief for the Time being of his Majesty’s Squadron in the West Indies, October 12, 1732:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to the Governor of Jamaica, OB. 12, 1732.

Extra# of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, OB. 30, 17325 inclosing.

Copy of a Memorial of the South Sea Company, OB. 23,1732:

Extra# of a Letter from M. Baijlie to Sir John Kyles, Vera Cruz, June 29, 1732:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Baiftie to Messieurs Prat-ter and Rigby, June 28* 1732;

Copy of a Letter from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Duke of Newcastle, OB. 17, 1732:

Extra# of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to Mr. Burchett, July 19, 1732:

Copy of a Letter from Rear Admiral Stewart to the Governor of Santa Martha, May 28, 1732: Translation of a Letter from the Governor of Sta Martha to Rear Admiral Stewart, *1732:

Copy of a Letter from Rear Admiral Steivart to the Governor of Cartagena, Jamaica, June 10, 1732: Translation of a Letter from the Governor of Carta-gena to Rear Admiral Stewart, July iV. 1732: Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Lejlock to Mr. Burchett, July 16, 1732:

Extra# of a Letter from Mr Lejlock to Mr. Burchett, July 21,1732:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Lejlock to the Governor of Porto Rico, July -^,1732:

Translation of a Letter from the Governor of Porto Rico to Mr. Lejlock, July-fa 1732:

Translation of a Memorial of the Governor of Porto Rico to the King of Spain:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. I.eJlock to the Governor of Porto Rico, July 1732:

Translation of a Letter from the Governor of Porto Rico to Mr. Lejlock, July 1732:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Lejlock to the Governor of Porto Rico July -rsT, 1732:

Translation of a Letter from the Governor of Porto Rico to Mr. Lejlock, July -ST, 1732:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Lejlock to the Governor of Porto Rico, July 4^, 1732:

Translation of a Letter from the Governor of Porto Rico to Mr. Lejlock, July T, 1732:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, OB. 30, 1732:

Extra# of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle t(y Mr. Keene, November 9, 1732:

Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of

Newcastle, Seville, f~^6, 1732:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, Seville, November 44, 1732 5 inclosing.

Copy of a Letter from M. Patino to Mr. Keene, November 17325 and,

Translation:

Copy of an Order to the Viceroy of Neio Spain, for a general Restitution of all Ships and Effe#s belonging to the English, dated November 1732 5 and,

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to M. Patino, November -ff, 17325 and,

Translation:

Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, Seville, 1732; inclosing.

Copy of a new Order to the Viceroy of New Spain, for a general Restitution of all Ships and Effe#s belonging to the English, dated 1732;

and,

Translation;

G.

9 Geo. II.

19° Februarii.

579

Translation:

Extract of a Letter from Don John Bentura de Matu~ ranato Mr. Keene, 1732; and,

Translation:

Copy of an Order to the Governor of the Havanna* for a general Itestitution of all Ships and ElFeds belonging to the English, dated 3- — , 1732;and, Translation:

Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, November 29, 1732; inclosing.

Copy of the Memorial of the Owners and Freighters of the Ship Woolball:

Copy of the Petition of Captain Samuel Bonham: Ext rad of a Letter from Captain Griffin, Commander of his Majesty’sShip the Shoreham, to Mr. Burchett, South Carolina, September 27, 1732: Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Neiocafile, Seville* ..... 44 and 44, 1732; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to M. Patino, December 44, 1732; and,

Translation:

Copy of the King of Spains Cedula to the Viceroy of New Spain, for the Restitution of the Ship Wool-ball, dated December 44-, 1732; and,

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from M. Patino to the Viceroy of Mexico, December 44, 1732; and,

Translation:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Nezocastle, Seville, December 44, 173*; inclosing. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to Captain Tozory, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the Success, December^ 1732:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to Sir Chaloner Ogle, December 44, 1732:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene, to Mr. Baftie the South Sea Company’s Fador at Vera Cruz9 December 44, 1732:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Fadory at the Havana, December 44, 1732:

Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, Jan. 10,1734; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Duke of Nezocastle, Jan. 3, 173r;

Copy of the Protest of the Master of the Sloop Hannah and Lydia:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Lestock to the Duke of Nezocastle, Jamaica, August 4, 1732:

Copy of the Protest of the Master of the Sloop Two Brothers:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Nezocastle, Seville, December 44, 1732:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Lejtock to the Duke of Nezocastle, Jamaica, September 25, 1732; inclosing. Copy of the Memorial and Representation of the South Sea Company’s Fadors at Jamaica, to Mr. I^ejlock, dated August 26, 1732:

Cony of the authenticated Instrument, from La Vera Cruz:

Translation of a Letter from the Governor of Cam.

peachy to Rear Admiral Stewart, July 9, 1732: Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Nezocastle, Seville, Jan. 44, 1734; inclosing.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to M. Patino, Jan.-&, 1734; and Translation:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to M. Patino, Jan. 44, 1734; and,

Translation:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Nezicujfle, Seville, Jan. 44, 1734; inclosing.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to M. Patino, Jan. 44, 173*; and,

Vol. 22.

Translation:

Sparnlh

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Nezocastle, Seville, 1734; inclosing, Trade*

Coy, of a Letter from M. Patino to Mr. Keene>

Jan. -J4-, 1734* and,

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to M. Patino, ^, 1734.; and,

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from Mi4. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, Feb. *734; inclosing.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to M. Patino,

Jan. %i,

Feb 115 > and>

Translation.

Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Nezocastle to Mr. Keene, March 2, 1734.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of

Newcastle, |fj$, 1731-; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from M. Patino to Mr. Keene,

Feb. 4^,1734; and,

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to M. Patino,

Feb. 44; 1734;and>

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from M. Patino to Mr. Keene,

Feb. 44, 1734; and,

Translation:

Copy of the King of Spain's Cedula, for Restitution of the Ship Anne Gaily, Feb. 44, 1734; and, Translation:

Copy of a Letter from M. Patino to the Governor of Cuba, Feb.44> *734* and,

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the South Sea Company’s Fadors at the Havanna, 1734.

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, Seville, Mar. 44* 173t

Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Nezocastle to Mr. Keene, June 29, 1733; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Mr. Dela-faye, June 16, 1733:

Copy of a Letter from Captain Durell, Commander 1 of his Majesty’s Ship the Scarborough, to Mr.

Burchett, Boston, April 25, 1733:

Copy of a Certificate relating to the Brigantine the Hopezoell:

Copy of a Certificate relating to the Brigantine Three Brothers:

Copy of an Affidavit relating to the Ship Catharine:

Copy of an Affidavit relating to the Ship Two Sisters:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle, to the Count de Mountijo, June 28, 1733; and, Translation:

Extract of the Treaty of Commerce between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at Madrid, December t-V, 17*5:

Copy of a Letter from Governor Hunter to the Duke of Newcastle, Jamaica, Mar. 27, 1733: Translation of the Certificate of the Governor of St.

JagodeCuba:

Copy of John Harris's Oath and Declaration:

Copy of the Minutes of the Council of Jamaica,

Mar. 15* *734*

Copy of a Letter from Governor Hunter to the Governor of St. Jago de Cuba, Mar. 18, 1734:

Copy of a Letter from Governor Hunter to Sir Chaloner Ogle, Mar. 18, 1734:

Copy of a Paragraph of a Letter from Messieurs Dennis and Cocks, St. Jago de Cuba, 1734*

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, Segovia, and 173 3i

closing.

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene, to M. Patino,

July-a, 1733; and,

Translation

580 .19 0 FebruariA. 1735,

Spanifii Translation:

Copy of a Letter from ML Patino to Mr. Keeney Trade. 1733; and>

Translation:

Extra# of a Letter from the Duke of Nezbcqfile to Mr. Keene, August 16,1733; inclosing.

Copy of the Spanish Ambassador’s Memorial, August

W. 1733;

Translation:

Extra# of a Letter from Governor Hunter to the Duke of Newcastle, Jamaica, June 4, 1733; Translation of a Letter from the Governor of St. Jago de Cuba to Governor Hunter , 1733: Substance of the Certificate of the Governor of St.

Jago de Cuba to Governor Hunter:

Copy of a Letter from Governor Hunter to the Go* vernor of St. Jago de Cuba, June 4, 1733.

Extra# of a Lett# from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, Segovia, August 47, 1733; inclosing.

Copy of the Order for the Restitution of tjje Four 'Ships taken near the Island of Tortudos, St. Ilde-fonfo, Aug.

TT)

1733; and,

Translation:

Extra# of a Letter from the Duke of Kewcastle to Mr. Keeney September 24, 1733; inclosing.

Extra# of a Letter from Lord Vifeopnt Howe to the Duke of ATewcastle, Barbadoes, July 1,1733:

Copy of the Deposition of Richard Craxvden:

Extra# of a Letter from Captain Reddi/ii, Commander of his Majesty’sShip the Fox, to Mr. Burchett, Barbadoes, Jxdy 9, 1733:

Extra# of a Letter from Captain Cornewall to Mr.

Burchett, Gibraltar, July 23, 1733:

Copy of a Letter from Captain Cornewall to the Governor of Ceuta, July 22, 1733:

Translation of a Letter from the Governor of Ceuta to Captain Cornewally ~£, 1733:

Copy of the Protest of Samuel Smithy Matter of the Mary Shop, of Gibraltar:

Copy of the Declaration of Thomas Britton, Matter of the Brigantine tha Robert of Liverpool July 23,

1733:

Extra# of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to the Count de Monlijoy September 24, 1733; and, Translation:

Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, Escurial, , 1733; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mr Keene to M. Patino, October 44, 1733; and>

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle toMr.

Keeney March 4, f 73J; in doling,

Copy of his Majesty’s Order in Council, relating to the Ship Anne Gaily, Feb. 21, J73i:

Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, Madridy May 34,1734; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to M, Patino, May 44, 1734; and,

Translation:

Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, Madrid, 1734; inclosing.

Copy of a Letter from M. Patino to Mr. Keene,

Sf’ *734; and,

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from M. Patino to the Governor of the Havana, ~f, 1734; and,

Translation:

Copy of the King of Spain's Cedula for the Restitution of the Ship the Anne Gaily, 1734; and Translation:

Extract of a Letter from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, August 19, 1734.

Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Keene to the Duke of NervcaJUe,:Segovia, September 44; 1734 inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene to M. Patino, September TV> :734> and>

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene, to the Duke of Newcastle, Segovia, September 44, 1734; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from M. Patino to Mr. Keene, September 44, 1734; and,

Translation:

Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Keene, to the Duke of Newcastle, Segovia, WtiZTT’ 1734; iticlctfing.

Copy of a Letter from M. Patino to Mr. Keene,

September zz j

October 3 1734 > and,

Trauflation:

Copy of an Order to the Archbishop of Mexico, for the Restitution of the Four Ships taken near the Island of Tortudos, dated 1734; hnd,

Translation:

Extra# of a Letter from life Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Keene, October 29,1734; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to the Duke of Newcastle's Secretaries, September 2, 1734:

Copy of the Affidavit of the Matter and SupeYdargo off the Brigantine Friends Adventure.

Extra# of*a Letter froth Air. Keene to the Duke of Newcastle, Madrid, December 1734 5 inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Keene, to M. Pdtino,

'November »S,

December 9; 1 7-34 > aDP>

Translation:

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Newcqfik to Mr. Keene, December, 24, 1734; inclosing.

Copy of the Petition of Richard Skubdck, in behalt of the Owners of the Sloop Frlcndfttip:

Ordered, That the said Papers do He-upon the Table, to be prnrfed by the Members of the House.

The said Copies and Extracts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to indfmnifori make and subscribe the Declarations contained in the A# of Uniformity, of the 13th and 14th Years of King Charles the Secohd, within the Timfe Limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for doing thereof; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Geo. Oxen. den, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Turner, Mr. Campbell, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Wilfrid Lawjon, Mr. Treby, Mr. Yates, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Archer, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Plumplre, Mr. Alderman Pnrfons, Sir Geo. Wynne, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Aijlabie, Sir Henry Gough, Mr. Roje, Mr. Gregory, Mr. White, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Lojigueville, Mr. Walker, Lord Sundon, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Gylibon,

Mr. Hay, Mr. Hen. Archer, Mr. May, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Mr. Smelt, Mr. Peirs, Sir Francis Child, Mr.

Bacon, Sir James Grant, Lord Gage, Mr. Rutherford,

Mr. Price, Mr. Gore, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Earle, Mr.

Cross, Mr. Danvers, l\Ir. Towers, Mr. Coster, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Vere, Mr. Pothill, Sir Robert Rich, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bramston, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Alderman Perry, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Cur-non, Mr. Yorke, Mr.;Eversfield, Sir Miles Stapyltbn, Mr.

Tower: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock,'in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Scazoen be added to the Com- improv;ni mittee to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, the Street Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in of Londo: Common-council assembled, is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Laroche do carryto the Lords Callifie’ the - Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Cal- kc- *V|1 lisles and Zachary Cahuac,a.nd acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr.

9 Geo. II.

consfield Mr. Harry Waller reported from the Committee, Roads, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Fifth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from Bcconsfield, in the County of Bucks, to Stoken Church, in the County of Oxon, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the

House, examined the Matter of the said Petition: And, to prove the Allegations thereof.

The Act for repairing the Road from Becon field, in the County of Bucks, to Stoken Church, in the County of Oxo?i, was laid before the said Committee.

And several Clauses thereof were read:

And the Petitioners called,

Mr. Thomas Jues, who produced a Deed, dated Jidy 6th, 1720; whereby it appeared, That the Toll, granted by the former Act, was mortgaged to Mr. Edmund Barllet, for £. 500, which he afterwards adigned over to Mr. Thomas Shrimpton and Mrs. Mary Shrimp ton.

Mr. Jer. Stevens, Receiver of the Tolls, was examined: Who said, That he had paid the Interest of the said Mortgage half yearly; and that, at Lady-day next, there will be Haifa Year’s Interest due thereupon.

Mr. John Hawes, being examined, said. That notwithstandingMen are continually employed in repairing the said Road, yet many Parts thereof are in a ruinous Condition; and that it is necessary to widen the fame: And he also said, That if the waste Water of the River running by the said Road could be so turned, as that it might run along the said Road, it will be of great Use to the fame, and little or no Detriment to the Owners of the Mills upon that River.

Ordered, That Leave1 be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from Beconsfield, in the County of Bucks, to Stoken Church, in the County of Oxon: And that Mr. Harry Waller, Mr. Waller, and Sir Charles Vernon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

jinfbormigh Orderedf, That Colonel Mordaunt, Mr. Archer, Sir

church. Richard Corbet, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Bird, Mr. Hen. Archer, Mr. Lawton, Mr. Wollaston, Mr. Raivlinfon Earle, Mr. Bradshaw, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Reverend George Wade, Doctor in Divinity, Vicar, Cor dull Storrs, John Christopher, and Henry Parr, Churchwardens, of the Parish of Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, and of the Committee appointed by the Parishioners in Vestry, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, is referred.

)yal AflTent A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, to Buis. Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers* and that his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to One publick and Two private Bills following; viz.

An Act for continuing the Duties upon M^alt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-six.

Vol. 22.

5Sl

An Act to enable John Harrison, an Infant, now called John Newport, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Nezvport, pursuant to the Direction of Henry late Earl of Bradford, deceased.

An Act for naturalizing Peter Codifies, Zachary Cahuac, and others.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 20° die Februarii; 9

Anno g# Georgii Regis, 1735.

Praters.

Ti/f R. Grey reported from the Committee, to whom Sunning-1\± the Petition of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace lane Hoads, for the County of Berks, in their General Quarter Sessions assembled, at Reading, in and for the said County, on Tuesday the 13th Day of January 1735, and of several Commissioners appointed in and by the Acts of Parliament therein after mentioned, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition;

And, in order to prove the Allegations thereof,

William Willis, of the Parish of St. Giles, in Reading, and Thomas Corbett, of the Parish of Sunning, both Surveyors of the Highways for their respective Parishes, were called: Who, after having laid before the Committee an Act, made and passed in the First Year of his present Majesty, for making more effectual an Act, made and passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways from Maidenhead Bridge to Sunning-lane End, next to'

Twyford, in the Road to Reading, and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of Berks, whereby several Tolls were granted, and made payable, for repairing the said Highways, being severally examined, said, That the Roads between Sunning-lane End, and the Bear Inn in Reading, are extremely bad and ruinous: That the Statute-work has been duly performed, by the Inhabitants of each of their respective Parishes; and moreover, as Willis said, a Four-peny Rate raised upon the Inhabitants of St. Giles5 notwithstanding which, they concurred in their Evidence, That the Condition of the said Roads was such, that the Laws now in being were ineffectual for repairing the fame; and that some further Provision was necessary for that Purpose.

The Committee then proceeded to inquire into the State of the Turnpike, erected by virtue of the former recited Acts, and the Debts thereupon, and into the Condition of the Roads intended to be repaired thereby:

And it appeared, by the Evidence of Elias Corker, Treauirer of the Money arising from the said Turnpike, That the Turnpike brought in about £.550 per A?mum: That the Debt now upon it was £. 700, and that there was about £. 100 in Hand.

And it appeared, by the Evidence of Thomas Marsham, That the Roads intended to be repaired thereby, are well repaired and amended; and that not a Third Part of the Money will be wanted to keep them so, that was, at the time of Making of the Acts, to put them in the Condition they now are in:

That the Road from Sunning-lane End to the Bear Inn* in Reading, is between Ihree and Four Miles iu Length; and that the same may be easily repaired by the Tolls and Duties granted by the said Act, without any other Duties being laid for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Highways from Suming-lajie End, next to 7 I Twyford

if — 200 Februarii.

582 20° Februarii. A. 1-735.

Twyford, to the Old Bear Inn, in Reading, in the County of Berks: Awl that Mr. Grey, Mr. Treby, and Mr. Potcnger, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Stalling- Ordered, That Mr. John Cornwallis, Mr. Edwards,

borough Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Isjlie, Colonel Piers, Mr. Speke> incloiuie. fy[r £»;v^ and Mr. Leheup, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Stallingborough, in the County of Lincoln, and of the Freeholders of Lands and Tenements within the Lordship and Parish of Stallingborough, whose Names are thereinto subscribed, is referred.

Wearing Mr. Shuttleworth presented to the House, according of printed to Order, a Bill to explain an Act, passed in the Seventh Calhcoes. Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to preserve and encourage thp Woolen and Silken Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for more effectual employing the Poor, by prohibiting the Use and Wear of all printed, painted, stained, or dyed Callicoes, in Apparel, Hou(hold-duff, Furniture, or otherwise, after the Twenty-fird Day of December 1722, except as is therein excepted, so far as relates to Goods made of Linen Yarn and Cotton Wool manufactured in Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the Fird time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

Aiderminster A Bill for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields fnctofure. called Aiderminster Common Field, Common Pastures, and other Common Grounds, in the Parish of Alder-miifiev, in the County of Worcester, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Yorke, LordBoyne, Brigadier Handafyde, Sir James Grant, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Whitzoorth, Mr. Foley, Mr. May, S\v Geo. Oxen den, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Harley, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Fane, Mr. Hucks, Lord Gage, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Sir John Chichcfer, Mr. Treby, Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Turner, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Biffe, Mr. Gore, Sir Thomas Aston, Mr. Guido tt, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Beaghan, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Balhurst, Mr. Walkyn Wms. Wynne, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Fox, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Geo. Fox, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Yate, Mr. Trefufis, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Bacon, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Earle, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Abraham Elton, Mr Were, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Scowen, Sir Christopher Powell, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Polwarth, Lord Sundon, Lord Middlesex, Lord John Sacville, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Edwards, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Fydell, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Archer, Mr. Packer, Mr. Grey, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Walker; and all the Members who serve for the County of Worcester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hochester to A Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Maidftoue First Year of his present Majesty, intituled, AnA&for Hoads. repairing and enlarging the Road leading from the House called the Sign of the Bells, in the Parish of St. Margaret's, in Rochester, to Maidstone, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Finch, Sir Christopher Powell, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. May, Lord Boyne, Lord Middlesex, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Harley, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Alderman PaHons, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Braffey, Mr. Walker, Mr. Gore, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Fane, Mr. Polhill, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Brereton, Captain Evans, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Harley, Mr. Fall, Mr. White, Mr. Bram-ston, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Griffith, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Bacon, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. *7

Alderman tiealhcolc. Sir Soger Bradshaigh, Mr. Yates,

Mr. Vane, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Alderman Willimott, Mr. Shuttlezvorlh, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Fagg, Mr. Brereton, Lord John Sacville,

Mr. Drummond, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Mr. Hunger-ford, Lord Gage; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent and Sussex, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Rozvland Alston presented to the House, according Bigstefoade to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Roads, granted by an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Road from Bigglejioade, in the County of Bedford, to Bugden, and through Alconbeny, to the Top of Alconberry-hill, oh Gross-post, leading into Sautery-lane, on the York and Edinburgh Road, and from the said Town of Bugden to the Town of Huntingdon, and from Cross-hall, in Eaton Soken, in the said County of Bedford, to Great Stoughton Common, in the said County of Huntingdon:

And the same was received; and read the First tiriie.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for repairing arid widening the Road leading WhitlUW* from the Water-side at Whitstable, to St. DunJianS Road. Cross, near the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. May, Mr. Treby, Sir John Rushout, Lord Middlesex, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Horsemonden Turner, Lord Boyne, Lord John Sacville,

Mr. Hales, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Sir Francis Child\ Mr. Campbell, Mr. Walker, Mr. Hay, Mr. Drummond,

Lord Glenorchy, Mr. J.ockwood, Captain Baker, Lord Harry Powlett, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Dunconib, Mr. Secretary at War, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Earle, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Conduitt, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Thomas Frankland, Mr. Gian-ville, Mr. Archer, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Bacon, Sir James Grant, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Lechmere, Lord Gage, Mr.

Crosse, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Pollen, Sir Abraham Ellon,

Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Coster, Mr. Semen, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Sandys, Sir Chrfiopher Powell, Mr.

Hucks, Mr. Thompson, Sir Wm. Jolliffe, Mr. Harley,

Mr. Treby, Mr. Gybbon, Captain Evans, Mr. Come-wall, Mr Corbett, Mr. White, Sir Charles Mordaunt,

Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Selzoyn, Sir Wm. Stapleton,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Ashe, Colonel Mordaunt; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent and Sujex, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

0

A Petition of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for Excessire the County of Middlesex, in their General Quarter Use of Sessions assembled, was presented to the House, and Spirituoui read; setting forth, That the Drinking of Geneva, and L,(tuors* other distilled spirituous Liquors, hath, for some Years lad pall, greatly increased, especially among the People of inferior Rank; and that the constant and excessive Use thereof hath already destroyed Thousands of his Majesty’sSubjects, and renders great Numbers ofothers unfit for useful Labour and Service, debauching, at the same time, their Morals, and driving them into all manner of Vice and Wickedness; and that this pernicious Liquor is now fold, not only by Distillers, and Geneva-shops, but by many other Persons of inferior Trades; by which means Journeymen, Apprentices, and Servants, are drawn in to taste, and, by degrees, to like, approve, and immoderately drink, thereof; and that the Petitioners apprehend the publick Welfare and Safety, as well as the Trade of the Natiou, will be greatly affected by it; as this Practice is dangerous and mischievous to the Health, Strength, Peace, and Morals, and tends greatly todiminish the Labour and Industry, of his Majesty’s Subjects: And therefore praying. That the House will take the Premises

9 Geo. II. 20* — 230

into their serious Consideration, And apply such Remedy ns the House shall judge most proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve illelf into a Committee of tile whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Regulating Sir John Rushout presented to the House, according

Eicdioaa. to Order, a Bill for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament in that Part of Great Britain called England: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

CUndestine Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Marriages, the more effectual preventing clandestine Marriages: And that the Lord Gage, and Mr. Puliency, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Henley, lie. Sir William Stapleton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing the Roads leading from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorche/ler Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and a Place called Milestone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Sir William Stapleton have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 23*;

Anno 9* Georgii II4* Regis, 1735.

Pit A Y ERS.

\/TR- Grey reported from the Committee, to whom 1VJL the Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentry, and other principal inhabitants, of the County of Berks, and of the Pari dies and Places adjoining to the Roads appointed to be amended by a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An Act for repairing the H ighways from Crown Corner, in the Town of Readings leading by and through the several Pa-riflies of Shit\field, and Heck field, in the several Counties of Berks, Wilts, and Southampton, to Bujingjloke, in the said County of Southampton, w as referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth: viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, of the 13th Infiant, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof, the following Witnesses were examined; viz.

Mr. Joseph Howard, Surveyor of the Highways mentioned in the Petition: Who said. That the Tolls and Duties granted by the Act of the Fourth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, which was to continue for Twenty-one Years, is now near expiring; and that the Money arising by the said Tolls hath been duly applied in repairing the said Roads, and that great Progress hath been made therein; but, by reason of the many heavy Waggons and Carriages passing through the fame, they are very bad in the Winter Season:

That the several Parities, through which the said Roads lead, have constantly done the Statute-work; but that proper Materials for repairing the Roads lie at a great Distance from some Parts thereof, and cost Vot. 22.

Januarii. 583

is. 6rf. or 35. a Load; and that the said Roads, being of a great Length, cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, unless further Provision be made for that Purpose.

Mr. Henry Simeon, Treasurer of the Tolls, confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Howard; and added further,

That £. 700 was borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, and had been laid out in amending the said Roads; and that £. 400, Part of the said Sum, with the Interest thereof, is now due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads be sufficiently amended, without the further Continuance of the Term and Powers granted by the said former Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways from Croivn Corner, in the Town of Reading, leading by and through the several Parishes of Sh infield and Heclfeld, in the several Counties of Berks,

Wilts, and Southampton, to Bajingtloke, in the said County of Southampton: And that Mr. Grey, Sir John Cope, Mr. Potenger, and Mr. Guidott, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Francis Child presented to the House, according Highgate to Order, a Bill for making more effectual Two Acts of lloadl-Parliament, One in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other of the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from liighgate Gatehouse, in the County of Middlesex, to Barnet Blockhouse, in the County of Hertford; and also the Road leading from the Bear Inn in Hadley, to the Angel, in Enfield Chace, in the said County of Middlesex; And the same was received 5 and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Alderman Perry reported from the Committee, improving to w hom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, the Street* and Commons, of the City of London, in Common of Loudoa« Council assembled, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the llesolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read: And the Report, and Resolutions of the Committee, are as followeth; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, thinking it unnecessary to call E\ idence, to prove the First Allegation of the Petition, with regard to the many Street Robberies, Burglaries, and Murders, charged to have been of late committed in the City of London, the Notoriety of which was unhappily too glaring to need any oilier Proof than what every Man's own Knowledge supplied him with;

The Committee proceeded to inquire into the causes, as laid down in the Petition, of those Difordors so dangerous to the Lives and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects.

And, in order to prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Leonard Belt was examined, as to the present Manner of enlightening the Streets of London: Who said.

That the Lights used for that Purpose were the convex Lights: That the Number of these, throughout the whole City, was about 81.5, which was about One to Sixteen Houses: That these were light only One-half of the Year, from Michaelmas to Lady-day; and were to continue burning from the Dulk of the Evening till Twelve of the Clock at Night: That in that Halfyear were included about 64 Moon-light Nights, when no Lights at all were made use of; which, deducting the Number of Hours these Lights were computed to continue burning, was about 925; the which appearing insufficient to light so large a City, both from. the Number of Lights, and the small Time they burn, as well as the Kind of Lights made use ofi the fame

being.

r

584

23° Februarii.

J-IJIS-

being, as appeared by the Evidence of Sir Robert Godfchall, rather productive, than preventive, of the Disorders complained of, from the glaring, dazling Light that they gave.

The Committee proceeded to inquire into the Improvements proposed to be made by the Petitioners: To which Purpose,

Sir Robert Godfchall was examined: Who said. That he had made as nice an Inquiry as he could, concerning the Extent of the City, and the proper Places for erecting of Lamps; and, by the Computation he had made, he imagined, That about 4,000 globular Lamps would completely light the City: That the Distance of these from each other, on the same Side of the Way, would be, in the high Streets, about Twenty-five Yards, and, in the Lanes and Alleys, about Thirty-five: but, it being proposed to have Lamps on both Sides of the Way, it would be so contrived, in the Position of them, that each Lamp on one Side of the Way should cut Two on the opposite Side; so that, taking one Side with the other, the Distance of the Lights, throughout the whole Streets, Lanes, and Alleys, would, at a Medium, be about 15 Yards: That it was proposed these Lamps should continue burning from Sun-setting to Sun-riling throughout the whole Year; which will make the Hours they shall be burning, in the whole Year, 4,380.

He then proceeded to lay before the Committee the Expence of maintaining these 4,000 Lamps, how it was proposed the Money for defraying it should be raised, and under what Regulations the same should be put; and said.

That he had made Experiments of the Consumption of Oil; and imagined, That the said,000 Lamps would consume, in the Year, about 450 Tun of Oil; which, reckoning Oil at £. 17 per Tun, one time with another, would amount to £. 7,650: That One hundred Men to be employed, each in the Care of 40 Lamps, at £. 20 per Annum each, would cost £. a,000: That Cotton, Wicks, Breaking of Lamps, Repairs, and Ac-cid» n s, might, one Year with another, be computed at £. 600 per Annum, which would make the whole annual Expence £. 10,250:

That, in order to make the bed Computation of the Houses from whence this Money is to be raised, he had applied to the Surveyor of the Window-lights, and finds there are 14,400 Houses, distinguished into the following Classes j which it is proposed to tax in the following manner j

2.000 Houses under £.10 per Annum, the

Inhabitants of which pay to Church and Poor, at 7 s. per Annum, 700

4,800 Housesat;£.io and under£.20, at ns. 2,880

2.300 Houses at £.20 and under £.30, at 14^ 1,610

2.300 Houses at£.30 and under^.40, at 16s. 1,840

3.000 Houses at £. 40 and upwards, at 20s* 3,000

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Petitioners have proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better lighting the Streets of the City of London:

And that Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Alderman Parsons,

Sir John Barnard, and Mr. Alderman WiUimolt, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay Cotton Wool before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Cotton imP°rted. Wool imported from the British Plantations in America, from Christmas 1718 to Christmas 1735, and of the Duties arising thereupon; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Linens printed in Great Britain, from Christmas 1722 to Christmas 1735, and the Duties arising thereupon; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of what Linens printed in Great Britain have been exported, and what Money has been paid back, upon the Exportation of them, during the same Term of Years; distinguishing each Year.

Printed

Linens.

14,400

- Sum Total 10,030

In which Estimate are not included the Churches, and other publick Buildings, which it is computed, willraife about £. 300.

That it is proposed, that every Alderman, Deputy, and Common-council-man, shall fee that the Lamps are duly taken care of, and the Houses duly taxed, within their own Wards; and that if any Person shall think himself aggrieved by the Act of any Alderman, Deputy, and Common- councilman, an Appeal should lay open to the Lord Mayor, and Court of Aldermen: That the Assessment is to be made, and the Collectors chosen, every Year; and, if the Assessments laid upon the Houses shall amount to more than what shall be necessary to defray the Expence of these Lights, the Surplus shall be applied to the Orphans Fund, or laid out to some publick Use.

The Design of the Petitioners, thus opened to the Committee, appearing so beneficial to the City of London in particular, and to the Publick in general, and the Manner of executing it so well concerted;

The Committee came to the following Resolutions; 24

A Petition of Reginald Lygon Esquire, formerly called Reginald Pyndar, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That William Lygon, late of Madresfield, in the County of Worcester, Esquire, the Petitioners Grandfather, by a Settlement, bearing Date the 23d Day of April 1719, did settle, convey, and allure, divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Warwick and Worcester, therein mentioned and described, after the Death of Corbyn Lygon, his Son, without Issue Male, to the Use of Trustees, for a Term of Eighty Years, if Margaret Pyndar, the Petitioner’s Mother, should so long live, upon Trust, out of the Rents and Profits of the Premises, to raise One hundred and Twenty Pounds a Year for the Maintenance and Education of the Petitioner, till his Age of Twenty-one Years, and then to pay him the said One hundred and Twenty Pounds a Year during the said Term; and, upon Trust, to dispose of the Surplus Rents and Profits of the Premises, to and for the separalo Use of the said Margaret Pyndar; and, after the Determination of the said Term, to the Use of the Petitioner, for Life, without Impeachment of Waste; Remainder to Trustees, to preservecontingent Remainders; Remainder to the Use of the First and every other Son and Sons of the Petitioner, in Tail Male, successively; with divers Remainders over: And that the said William Lygon died in the Year 1720; and that the said Corbyn Lygon is also dead, without Issue Male; whereby the Freehold of the Premises comprised in the said Settlement did, by virtue of the Limitations therein contained, vest in the Petitioner, who, everfince he attained the Age of Twenty-one Years, hath, in Compliance with, and Performance of, a Condition contained in the said Settlement, used, and taken upon himself, the Surname of Lygon, and borne the Arms of that Family; and that the Petitioner is desirous, that the said Surname and Arms should be estabiiffied upon him, and the Heirs Male of his Body, by Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Lygon, and also to bear the Coat of Arms of that Family, pursuant to the Directions of the said Settlement.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Sandys, and -Sir John Rufhout, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition

Pyndar’*

Name.

Lotley’*

fomr.

llfttth

Wlofitfr*

9 Geo. II. 230 — 240 585

A Petition of Bartholomew Richard Barncby Esquire, heretofore called Bartholomew Richard Luting was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That John Barncby, late of Brockhamptun, in the County of Hereford, Esquire, by his last Will and Tefiament in Writing, bearing Date the 4th Day of July 1726, did give and devise the Manor of Brock ham pton, and all the rest of his Freehold Estates in the County of Hereford, to the Petitioner, by the Name of Bartholomexc Richard Lutley, Second Son of his Brother-in-law Philip Lutley, and his Heirs, for ever, provided the Petitioner (lioulti take upon him the Name of Barncby, instead of Lutley; but, if the Petitioner (liould at any time refuse to own the Name of Barncby, after his Decease, then he gave all the said Estates to his Cousin A Ron Barncby, for Life: And that the said John Barncby soon after died; and the Petitioner, in Compliance with the Condition contained in the said Will, hath ever since the Deathof the said Teftator taken upon himself, and been called by, the Surname of Barncby; and is desirous that the said Surname should be confirmed upon him, and the Ifluc of his Body, by Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner, and the Issue of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Barncby, pur-fuantto the Directions in the Will of the said John Barncby.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Sandys, and Sir John Rushout do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Thomas Norton Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Ixworth, in the Town of Ixworih, in the County of Suffolk, and Impropriator of all the Tythes arising and renewing within the same, and also of the several Freeholders and Copyholders, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, having Right of Common in the said Manor, was presented to the Iloufe, and read; setting forth, That there is a Common, and Common Field, lying within the said Manor, containing about Fifteen hundred Acres; which, by reason of their being open and uninclosed, have been subject to Trespasses of Strangers, and have frequently been the Occasion of Disputes among the Proprietors, and those who had a Right of caiumoning and depasturing Cattle iu and upon the said Common, and Common Field; and that the several Lands and Grounds of the respective Proprietors in the said Common Field lie intermixed and dispersed, and are most of them inconveniently situated with respect to their Houses: and that, so long as the said Common, and Common Field, lie open, commonable, and uninclosed, such Trespasses and Disputes w ill happen and arise, and the same will be rendered incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill m^y be brought in t for dividing and inclosing the said Common, and Common Field.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cousideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Danvers, Mr. Ashe, Lord Baltimore, Lord VereBcauclerk, Mr. Biffe, Mr, Bockland, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Butler, Mr. Copplejton, Mr. Crozvle, S\r George Downing, Colonel Duckett, Captain Evans, Mr. Ever afield, Mr. Eylts, Mr. Grey, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Guidolt, Brigadier Hctndafydey Mr. Hint-man, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Law-ton, Mr. Lcathcs, Mr. Lehcup, Mr. Marlin, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Paijons, Mr. Revell, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Tyner, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Cojler, Mr. Curzoiiy Mr. Bacon, Sir EdmundBacoiiySir Ja?nes Grant, Mr. Yorke, Lord Gage, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Archer, Lord Polwarth, Mr. Longueville; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Vol. 29.

The Lord Sundon presented to the House, according Westminster to Order, a Bill for Building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Nrw Palace-yard, in the City of West-mii{/lcr, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

And Sir Charles Wager having, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That, if it shall be found necessary to open a Passage through Part of the Privy Garden of Whitehall, to the Bridge intended to be built cross the River Thames, from the New Palace-yard, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey; his Majesty, as far as his Interell is concerned therein, consents, that this House may make what Provision they shall think proper for that Purpose.

Refulvcd, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Drugget makers, Clothiers, German Olive Oil Serge-makers, and Shalloon and Stuff-makers, in the by City of Bristol, in behalf of themfel ves, and many others, lothlers‘

was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Incapacity to render their Commodities at foreign Markets on an equal Foot with our Neighbours, by means of the heavy Doty on Olive Oil still subsisting, with the Cheapness of Labour in neighbouring Kingdoms: And therefore praying. That the House will take into Consideration the Premises, and afford such Relief as the House shall fie meet.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Confident ion of a Committee of the whule House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon tVcdnefduy Morning next, resolve itfelfinto the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the FxrefGvc whole House, to consider of the Petition of his Majesty s ^pir®^IOOJ Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, LjqUor*. iu their General Quarter Sessions assembled.

Mr. Speaker left tiic Chair.

Sir Charles Turner louk the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrpw Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martix, 2 40 die Februarii;

Anno 90 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1735.

Prayers.

SI R Christopher Poioe/Zreported from the Committee, Kent to whom the Petition of the High Sheriff of the County County of Kent, Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, and Gaol* Freeholders, acting for and residing in, the Western Division of the said County, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof, the following Witnesses were examined; viz.

jK Mr.

5 06 240 Februarii. A. 1735*

Mr. Chambree: Who produced a Presentment lately made, by the Grand Jury, at the Assizes held for the County of Kent; which alleges. That the Common Gaol for securing the Prisoners of the Crown, at Maid-Jione, is in great Decay, too strait for the Safe-keeping of the Prisoners, and, by Handing in the Middle of the said Thivn, is both offensive and dangerous to the Inhabitants thereof; and that, there being no Prison for Debtors, it occasions great Charge, Expence, and Hazard, to the Sheriff of the same County, to whose Custody several Persons are Committed for very large Sums.

Mr. Fuller and Mr. Atjlin, being severally examined, confirmed what is set forth in the Presentment; and said further, That the Gaol for Criminals, Handing in the Middle of the Town, is a great Nuisance, and often occasions the Spreading contagious Distempers therein.

And M r. Aujlin said. That, fmce he had been Under Sheriff, several Perf’orts have died in that Gaol, and, as he verily believes, of DiHemperS contrafted for want of necessary Room and Air: That there is no Site of Ground, whereby the said Gaol can be enlarged or rebuilt; and that, there being no Prison appointed for receiving and keeping Debtors for the Western Division of the said County, several Sheriffs have been obliged' to hire a House for that Purpose, at their own Expence, in the d own of Maidstone; and have also kept a Guard, to prevent the Debtors escaping; but that, such House becoming unfit for that Purpose, the Sheriff has, of late Years, sent the Debtors to the Prisons in the Eastern Division of the said County; which being now very full, fevei 1! Debtors have made their Escape.

And Mr. Fuller said, That there is a considerable Surplus of the County Stock in the Hands of the Treasurer of the said County, and unappropriated.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to triable the Justices of the Peace acting for the Weflerri Division Of the County of Kent to purchase a convenient Piece of Ground for building a Gaol for the said County; and for impowering the said Justices to apply Part of the County Stock of the said Division towards . r the fame: And that Sir Cliriflopher Poiocll, Sir Edward Hiring, Mr. Horsemanden Turner, and Mr. Finch of Mdcfftone, do* prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sunning- Mr. Grey presented to the House, according to lane Roads.’ Order, a Bill for repairing the Highways from Sunning- lane End, next Ttcyford, to the Old Bear Inn* in Reading, in the County of Berks: And the same was received; and read the First time.

KeJbltedy That the Bill be read a Second time.

Beconsfield Mr. Harry Waller presented to the House, according Roads. to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads frovtiBeconsfield, in the County of Bucksy to Stoken Church, in the County of Oxon: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refilled, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Biggleswade A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Road. an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Road from Bigglejtoade, in the County of Bedford, to Biigden, and through Alconbeny, to the Top of Alconbeiry Hill, or Crofi-post, leading into Sautery-lane, on the York and Edinburgh Road; and from the said Town of Bugden to the Town o,f Huntingdon; and from Cross-huU, in Eatdn Soken, In the said County of Bedford. to Great Stoughton Common, in the said County of Huntingdon; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Rowland Alfton, Brigadier Handafydc, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Fane, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Hales, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Crojfe, Sir Thomas Frankland, Sir Geo. Wynne, Sir Edward Dering, Lord Middlesex, Mr. Glativille, Mr. Talbott, Mr. Earle, Mr. Razdinfon Earle, Mr. Laroche,

Mr. Leheup, Mr. White, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Maifier, Mr.

Robert Hacks, Mr. Huxleij, Mr. Holt Henley, Mr.

Brereton, Sir ChrifUipfier Powell, Mr. Alderman Ilealh-cote, Mr. Horfmanden Turner, Mr. Finch, Sir Win.

Heathcote, Sir John Hea/hco/e, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Bradshaigh, Mr. Bisse, Mr. Oroide, Mr. Medlicott, Mr.

Moor, Sir James Grant, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Gybbons, Mr. Sandys, Sir Abraham Elion, Sir Geo;

Cafwall, Mr. Holland, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Miles Stapleton, Mr. Edwards,; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bedford, Hunting don, Cambridge, Lincoln, Nottingham, York, Durham, Northumberland, and for North Britain: And they are io meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed, that Mr. Qxenford, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Dbor;

He was called in; and at the Bar, presented to the Spirits House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the exported. Quantity df Spirits drawn from Barley, Malt, or other Corn, exported', and the Amount of the Bounty paid for the same, from 14th June 1733 to 24th June 1735, distinguishing each Year: And also,

Aii Account of what Duties have been paid at the Spirits Custonl-house in London, and the Out Ports, for foreign imported. Spirits or Brandies imported, from the 24th June 1733, to the 24th of June 1735, dieting'uishing each Year, and under what Denomination of Brandies the Duty w'as paid for the feme.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do fie upon the Tabid, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt, in his Majesty’s Debtors Gaol, of Newgate, in the City of Bristol, in behalf of Petition, themselves, and Thousands in the several Gaols of this Kingdom, and of such as have fled to other Countries for fear of Arrest, and a rhiforable Confinement for Life, who are willing to for render up all their Effects inDif-charge of their Debts, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabld.

Sir Charles Turnerv according to Order, reported Excessive from the Committee of the whole House, who were apt- use of pointed to consider of the Petition of his Majesty’s Spirituous Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, in Liquors‘ their General Quarter Sessions assembled. That the Committee had qonfidered of the said Petition; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed hitn to report to the House; and’ he read the Report ih his Place; And afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the said Resolutions were read; and are as follow; viz.

Rt/blved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the low Price of spirituous Liquors is the principal Inducement to the-excessive and pernicious Use thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, in order to prevent the excessive and pernicious Use of spirituous Liquors, a Discouragement be given thereto, by a Duty to be laid on all such Liquors sold by Retail.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Vending, Bartering, or Uttering, of the said Liquors, be reftfained to Persons keeping public Brandy {hops, publick Victualling-houses, Coffee-houses, Ale-houses, and Inn-holders, and to such Apothecaries and Surgeons as {kail make use of the same by way of Medicine only.

Refokved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That no Person keeping a publick Brandy*(hop, a publick Victualling-house, Coffee-house, or Ale-house, or being an Innholder, be permitted to vend, barter, or utter, the said Liquors, but by a Licence, with a Duty made payable thereupon.

9 Geo. II.

240 Februarii.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred toconsider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

xpiring Mr. Hooper reported from the Committee, who Laws* were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That they had inquired accordingly; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read: And the Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth; viz,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing, and further Punishment, of Forgery, Penury, and Subornation of Perjury; and to make it Felony to steal Bonds, Notes, or other Securities, for Payment of Money; w bich expired at the End of the Session of Parliament 1734; is fit to be revived.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of ljis present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the Committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, which was to continue in Force for Three Years, from the 24th Day of June 1732, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Clauses in an Act, made in the Eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for paying off and cancelling One Million of Exchequer Bills, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, relating to an additional Duty after the Rate of Two Shillingsp^r Bushel, on Apples imported, which were to continue in Forcp, from the FeaflDay of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, 1722, during the Term of Three Years, from thence next ensuing, and until the End of the Session of Parliament next following the said Term Of Three Years; and which said Clauses were, by an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, for rating such unrated Goods and Merchandizes a stLye usually imported into this Kingdom, and pay Duty ad valorem, upon the Oath of the Importer^and for other Purposes therein mentioned, continued, from the Expiration of the Term and Time aforesaid, for the further Term of Seven Years, which expired the 13th Day of June 1733; are fit to be revived.

the First and Second Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, were, upo^ the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Third Resolution, being read a, Second time* was postponed.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon the First and Second Resolution: And that Wit Hooper, Mr. Fane, and Mr. John Talbot, do prepare, arid bring the fame.

Ditto, The House was moved, That the Ninth Section of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for making the Laws for repairing of Highways more effectual, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it bean Instructionto the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in* a Bill, or Bills, upon the First and Second Resolution of the Committee, who were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued; That they do prepare, and insert; in One Vol. 22.

of the said Bills, a Clanfe to explain and amend a Clause in an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for making the Laws for the repairing the Highways more effectual, relating to the appointing Scavengers in Cities and Market Towns, and the ordering the Assessments for the repairing and cleansing the Streets therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Papilbn, Sir Richard Corbet, and Mr. Bevan, be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill or Bills.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do Duty on lav before this House, an Account of the Net Produce , Olive Oil. of the Duty upon Olive Oil, from Christmas 1731 to Christmas 1735, distinguishing each Year.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to the Yc>rk Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions, com- E<*hoiu plain itg of an undue Election and Return for the County of York.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the said Petitions were read:

And the Standing Order of the House, made upon Friday the Sixteenth Day of January last, for rest raining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination in the House of Commons, was also read:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner, Sir Romland Winn Baronet, and the other Petitioners, whose Petition complains of an undue Electihn and Return of Sir MilssStapylton, Baronet for the said County, were heard.

And Robert Appleton, Deputy Clerk of the Peace for the East Riding of the said County, having produced several Books, as the: original Poll taken at the said Election; and being examined as to the Time, Place, and Manner, of the Delivery thereof to him by the High Sheriff of the said County

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member, Sir Miles Stapylton, having objected, That the said Books ought not to be admitted as Evidence, the same not having been delivered. over upon Oath, and riot within the Time limited by Law; and no Proof having been given, that no Alterations had been made therein, after the said Election, and before the said Delivery;

- And the Counsel for the Petitioners having, been heard in Answer to that Objection;

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member having replied thereto;. . ' . , ..

And the Preamble, and Fifth Section, of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing fraudulent Conveyances, in order to multiply Votes for electing Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament, being read;

And the Counsel for the Petitioners being thereupon further heard, in Answer to the Objection made by the Counsel for thie Sitting Member;

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member having finished their Reply;

» The Counsel on bothSides were directed to withdraw.

And the Journal of the House of the 12th Day of March 1727, in relation to the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the County of Bucks, being read;

The said Robert Appleton was again called in; and examined, as to the Keeping of the said Books since the Time of the said Delivery thereof; and as to the taking Copies of, and collating, the said Books; and as to the Declarations of the said High Sheriff, and other Circumstances before, and at the Time of, such Delivery:

And then he withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Books, called the original Poll-books of the iaft Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the County of York, produced by Robert Appleton, Deputy

Clerk,

5 8o 24°-i-’2 50 Februarii. 1735.

Clerk of the Peace for the East Rrding of the said County; and which were delivered over to him by the High Sheriff of the said County, in open Court, at the Quarter Seffious of the Peace for the said Riding, about Two Months after the said Election, as the original Poll taken at the said Election; and which have been kept by him, the said Deputy Clerk of the Peace, ever since, among the Records of the Sessions of the Peace, for the said Riding, the said Books not being delivered over by the said Sheriff within the Time, nor upon Oath, as required by the Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of the late Queen, for the more effectual preventing fraudulent Conveyances, in order to multiply Votes for electing Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament; be admitted as Evidence;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tetefor, heJ

Tellers for the Noes, :H

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That Books, called the original Poll Books of the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the County of York, produced by Robert Appleton, Deputy Clerk of the Peace for the East Riding of the said County; and which were delivered over to him by the High Sheriff of the said County, in open Court, at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said Riding, about Two Months after the said Election, as the original Poll taken at the said Election; and which have been kept by him, the said Deputy Clerk of the Peace, ever since, among the Records of the Sessions of the Peace for the said Riding, the said Books not being delivered over by the said Sheriff within the Time, nor upon Oath, as required by the Act, of the Tenth Year of the Reign of the late Queen, for the more effectual preventing fraudulent Conveyances, in order to multiply Votes for electing Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament; be admitted as Evidence.

Then the Counsel on both Sides were again called In; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the said Books, and also Copies thereof, being delivered in*;

The Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions be adjourned till Thursday Morning next*

The other Order of the Day being read;

Exportation Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se-of Wool, vennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Heads for a Bill for the more effectual preventing the Exportation, of Wool from Great Britain, and of Wool, and Wool manufactured, from Ireland to foreign Parts*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 250 die Februarii-T Anno 9° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1735. Prayers.

St. Paul’* A PETIT ION of the principal Inhabitants of St. Covent Gar- Paid, Covent Garden, within the Liberty of the

Wa City of Wcfimivjler, was presented to the House, and

ak read; reciting an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of his

present Majesty’s Reign, for the better regulating the Nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the Two Parishes of St. James, and St.George, Hanover-square, within the 20

Liberties of the said City: And praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a like Bill to invert the Vestry of the Parish of St. Paul, Covent Garden, with such Powers, and for such Purposes, as, by the said recited A r, the Vestries of the said Two Parishes are impowered with, as aforesaid, or in such other manner as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Archer, Mr. Crqffe, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Hooper, Sir John Heath cote, Lord James Cavtndish, Mr. Coster, Mr.

Walts, Colonel Mordnunt, Sir Charles Wager, Sir Francis Child, Lord Sun don, Mr. Brer e ton, Mr. Longa eville.

Sir W?n. Heathcote, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Sc a wen, Mr. Fox,

Mr. Harvey, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Smith,

Sir James Grant, Mr. Holland, Mr. Tower, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Hay, Mr. Kinaston, Sir Geo. Cafwall. Mr.

Lockyer, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Gore, Sir Geo. Wynne,

Mr. Hedworth, Sir Thomas Clarke, Mr. Shuttleworlh,

Colonel Bladen, Mr. Shippen, Sir Geo. Dozening, Mr.

Ongley, Mr. Gregoiy, Mr. Bacon, Lord Polwarth, Mr.

Hucks, Colonel Lyddall, Mr. Huxley, Sir John Barnard,

Mr. Laroche, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Tower,

Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Hales, Sir John C/iichester; and all the Members that servefor the County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Vestries and Inhabitants of the Pa- Sf.^rgaret, riflies of St. Margaret, and St. John the Evangelist, in N^nt1j"‘ the City of Westminster, was prefen ted to the House, Watch, and read; setting forth, That the well ordering and regulating a Nightly Watch, and the Beadles, within the City of Westminster, is highly necessary for the Preservation of the Peace of the said City, and the Security of the Lives and Properties of the Inhabitants thereof; and that the Laws now in being are not sufficient for the ordering, appointing, and paying, such Nightly Watch: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to invert the Vestries of St.

Margaret and St.John the Evangelist, with such or the like Powers and Authorities as the Vestries of the Pa-rifties of St. James and St. George, Hanover square, are respectively inverted with by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the better regulating the Nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the Two Parishes of St. James, and St. George, Hanover square, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster; and that the Rates necessary for paying such Watch may be assessed at such times, and levied in such manner, as other Parochial Rates are appointed to be made and levied, in the said Parishes of St. Margaret and St. John the Evangelist, or otherwise in such manner as in the Wifdorn of the House shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do exmine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Crosse, Sir Charles Wager.

Lord Sundon, Mr. Hen. Archer, Mr. Moore, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Archer, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Newland, Sir Hen. Gough, Mr.

Hales, Mr. Montagu, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Yorke,

Mr. Curzon, Mr. Sea wen, Mr. Sandys, Colonel Onslow,

Mr. Lockyer, Sir James Grant, Mr. Winnington, Mr.

Corbett, Mr. Coster, Mr. Fere, Mr. Gore, Sir Geo. Ccf-waU, Mr. Papillon, Mr. White, Mr. Lockwood, Lord Morpeth, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, S\t John Barnard, Mr.

Hay, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Gregory, Sir Wm. Heathcote, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Hungerford,

Mr. Holland, Mr. Tower, Mr. Walker, Sir John Chichef-ter, Mr. Brereton, Sir Robert Clifton, Sir Wilfrid Law-fan, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Walpole, Sir Nicolas Williams,

Mr. Treby, Mr. Tracey, Sit Wm. Clayton, Mr. Hooper,

ory St. Ed«

kundb

Victis, & c.

wring of inted Calces.

fj£ch It. 2f Februarg§3

Sir John Rushout, Sir Thomas Clarke, Sir. Eliot, Mr. Tucker, Sir James Lowther; and all the Members who serve for the County of Middlesex, and City of I Vejlmilifter: And they are to meet this-Aftetnooh, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber: Arid have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, arid Records.

A Petition of the Alderman, Recorder, capital Bitr-gestes, and Biirgefies, of the Common-council of the Burgh of Burj/ St. Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk; as also,

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Burgh Of Bury St. Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; alledging, That the Highways and Streets in the said Burgh are much out of Repair, and want paving; and that the Laws now in Force, in relation to the Highways, cannot be put in Execution, afc it is apprehended, without great Hardship to the poorer Sort of People; and that the Streets in the said Burgh are, for the most part, very ltreight and regular, and may be enlightened at a finall Expence; and that the Watch and Ward, which are now let and kept there, purfhant to the Statute of IVxnchtf tcr, is of little or no Use, and of a coiisiderable Expence to the Inhabitants of the said Burgh: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to im power the Justices of the Peace for the said Burgh to order the repairing and paving the Highways and Streets, and enlightening the said Streets, and the Lanes and Passages, and to appoint the Watch, at such Times in the Year, and in such

manner, as they shall think proper; and that the Money to be raised, for the Purposes aforesaid, be raised by a Pound Rate; or by such other Ways or Means as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the: Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House i

And they are referred to Mr. Hervey, M r. Brereton, Mr. Archer, Mv.lValker, Mr. P turner, Mr. Pilt;b\rGco. Downing, Lord Gage, Mr. Gore, Mr. Tower; Mr. Hay, Sir Geo:

Cafivall, Mr. Bradjluvw, Mr. Braffey, Mr. Lockyer, ML Alderman Perry, Mr. Cojler, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Dennis, Mr. Bromley, Mt.Ashe, Mr. Turner, Mr. Lewis, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Jledworth, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Bacon, Sir James Grant, Mr. Crofft, Sir James Lowther, Sir fVm. Clayton; Mr. Tracey;Mr. Treby, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Sandyb, Mr Gybbon, Mr. Hen. Archer, Mr. Onjlate, Mr :TvtVer, Mi. Bathurst, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Par forts, Mr. Campbell, ‘Sir James Campbell, Colonel Berkeley, Mr. Ciirzon, Colonel Bladen; and all the Members who lerve for the County of Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afterrioori, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Perform, Papers, and Records'.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, Couft of Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Act and Mystery of Weavers, in London, was presented to the House, and fead; letting forth, That the Petitioners are the Manufacturers of all Sorts of Worsted Stuffs, and Stuffs mixed with Silk and Cotton, and Makers of plain and flowered Silks, by which many Thoofands of Families have been employed; and that, by an A6i made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, the said Trades have found great Encouragement; and many new Stuffs have been invented, and brought to such Perfection, as to be capable erf supplying all the Purposes of the Callicoes prohibited; and that the printing of Linens was not at that time thought fit to be prohibited, in Indulgence to Linens made ill North Britain and Ireland; yet it has been since found; that, by that Indulgence, great Quantities of foreign Linen have been printed, and thereby the good Intent of the Act hath not been fully answered; but that, oflate Years, a Stuff made of Linen Yarn mixed with Cotton, and improperly called by the Name of Fustian, hath been inherited in this Kingdom, and great. Quantities are now Yol.22/

made thereof; which, when printed, cannot, without ihe greatest Difficulty, be (Jiftinguished from an Indian Cal-licoe; and that, under Colour of the said printed English Callicoes, ail Indian Callicoes may be worn in this Kingdom, in as open a manner as if no Law had been already made to the contrary; and that this Commodity, though made in this Kingdom, is riot of that Advantage as ares the Woollen and Silk Manufactures, the Woollen being not only the Manufacture; but also the Growth, of this Kingdom, and the Silk the Return of oiir Wooller*

Goods; and other Produce, sent to Turky ami Italy; and that, as the Use of thele printed English Callicoes hath increased, the Use of our Woollen Xianufactures hath apparently decreased; and iome of bur Wool mult either perish, or tempt the Dealers in that Commodity to run it abroad, and thereby enable bur neighbouring Nations to rival us in all foreign Markets: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that they may be hbard, by themselves; or Counsel, against the Bill, now depending in this House, to explairi an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his latetMa-jetty King George ihe First, intituled, An Act to preserve and encourage the Woollen and Silk Manufactures of thfe Kingdom, and for more effectual employing the Poor, by prohibiting the Use and Wear of all printed, painted, stained, or dyed, Callicoes, in Apparel, Houshold-ftuff, Furniture, or otherwise, after the 25th Day of December 1722, except as therein is excepted, so far as relates to Goods made of Linen Yam, and Cotton Wool, manufactured in Great Britain, so manifestly calculated to Enervate the Force of the aforesaid Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table uritil the said Bill be read a Second time; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard, by them-feives, or their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That Coiiniel be admitted to be heard,' for the said Bill, at the same time.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon Friday last,

That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Friday next, be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time, upon this Day Sevennight.

Sir John Barnard presented to the House, according to Kendall! Order, a Bill to enable Robert Kendall Esquire, now called Nwnei. Robert Cater Esquire, and his I flue, to take and use the Surname of Cater only: Anid the same was received; and read the First time.

Rffolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.'

Mr. Sandys presented to the House, according to Order, PyndarV a Billto enable Reginald Lygon Esquire, otherwise Pyndar? Namt. and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take upoti him and them the Surname and Arms of Lygon, pursuant to the Settlement of JVllHam Lygon Esquire, deceased: And the feme was received.

Mr. Sandys also presented to the House, according to LutleyV Order, a Bill to enable Bartholomew Richard Barulby, Nam^‘ Esquire, otherwise Lutley, and the Blue of his Body, to take upon him and them the Surname of Barneby, pursuant to the Will of John Bdtneby Esquire, deceased: And the same was received.

A Bill to enable Reginald Lygon, Esquire, otherwise pynda*V Pyndar, and the Hen's Male of his Body,’ to take upOh him Namt. and them the Surname and* Arms of Lygonx ptiffuanf to the Settlement of William Lygon Eftjuire, deceased, was read the First time;

Resolved, That the BiH be read’ £ Second time’

A Bill to enable Bartholomew Richard Barneby LutleyY Esquire, otherwise Lilt ley, and the Issue of his Body, to Name, take upon him and them the Surname of Barneby, pursuant to the Will of Joh/i Barneby Esquire/ deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.,

7 L A Petition'

£ 90 2 50 FebrMtiu ^173

feerkeleys A. Petition.of William Port man Esquire, heretofore Name; balled Win. Berkeley, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Sir Wm. Portmun Baronet, and Knight of the Bath, deceased, did, by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date on or about the 2.5th and 26th Days of February 1689, settle, several Lord-Ill ips, Manors, Land*?; Tericmerits, and Hereditaments, In the Coanties of Somerset, Devon, Dorset, and Middlesex, after the Death of Homy Portman Esquire, before tailed Henry Seymour, without IlfueMale, upon the Peth tiorier, and the Heirs Male of his Body, on Condition that the Petitioner should take upon himself, and use, the Surname of Portman, in all Deeds, Writings, and TranlaCfcioiis; and that, upon the Death of the said Henry Portman, the Petitioner became intitled, in Possession, to the said Estate: and hath ever fmee taken upon himselt' and been called by, the Surname of Portman; and is desirous, that the said Surname should be continued upon him, and his Issue, by Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That the House will give Leave to bring in a Bill for enabling him, and his llfue, to take and use the Surname of Portman.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir tVnu Wyndham, the Lord Sidney Beauclcrhy Mr. Wyndham, and Mr. Strangewaycs Horner, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

American Colonel Bladen, from the Commissioners for Trade and Colonial Plantations presented to the House, pursuant to their iade. Address to his Majesty, Papers from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations; together with a List of them.

And the said Lift was read; and is as follows; viz.

(A) Amount of Money raised in the Islands oi Bar-fcdocs, St. Christophers, Antigua, Nevis, and Montfer-rat, by Duties on Importation or Exportation, or any other Taxes, paid by the Inhabitants of those Islands for Ten Years; distinguishing each Year, and each Island.

(B) Representations and Letters to Secretaries of State since March 25th, 1715, relating to the Trade and Commerce of the Plantations, and the Danger they are in from the growing Power of the French.

(C) An Account of what Laws were in Force in the Colonies in America, March 25th, 1731, and since passed,

saying Duties on the Trade and Shipping of this Kingdom; what has been done by the Boara of Trade, for Repealing any of them; and what Instructions the Governors have had thereupon.

(D) An Account of what Duties are payable, by any Acts of the Plantations, on the Importation or Exportation of Negroes, Wines, or any Goods or Merchandize, and Shipping, distinguishing each-Duty, and each Colony.

(E) Lift of Representations, Memorials, and Letters, to the Board of Trade, fine6 March 25th, 1725, relating to Spanish Depredations.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, tQ be perused by the Members of the House.

J The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Recovery of . A Petition of several Merchants, Tradesmen, and ?mI^1 Debts Shopkeepers, within the City of London, and Liberties in n on. hereof, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and several others trading in the said City and Liberties, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, in the Course of their Dealings, are under a Necessity of giving Credit to great Numbers of Persons for Imall Sums, which, in the Whole* amount to a great Sum of Money every Year; and, notwithstanding several of thele Debtors are well able to pay the ^Petitioners, yet they frequently refuse so to do; pre-fuming on the Discouragements the Petitioners lie under, from the unavoidable Expence in suing for such Debts, and the Delays even after Judgment: That the giving Tradesmen an easy and speedy Method for recovering of their Debts, and ata l|aall Expence, will^as the Petition-

ers conceive, greatly tend to the promoting of IriJuftry, and the Support ofufeful Credit: And therefore pnyi g,

That the House will please to give Leave, That a 8 il niay be brought in for the more ealyarid speedy Recovery of Imall Debts within the City of London, arid Liberties thereof; or that the House . will please to give the Petitioners such Other Relief in the Prbinifes as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within ' the City of London, and Liberties thereof; And that Sir John Barnard, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Alderman Parfuns, mid Mr. Alderman IVillimott, do prepare, arid bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Humphry Belt, the surviving Assignee of Rennet’s De-the Estate and Eflecls of JVm. Filins and lulniund Far- ^Cieu^.y-ringdon, against whom a Commission 6f Bankruptcy ifltied, being offered to be presented to the House; v

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, being informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to their Coiriideration, to do thereupon as they shall think proper.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; set* ting forth, That the Petitioner, as surviving Afligriee of the said Bankrupt's Estate, is become intitled to £.11,486;

4s. $d. being the Residue of £.12,379. 6s. 11 d. paid in pursuance of an Order of the Court of Chancery, made the 18th Day of March 1718, into the Hands of John Bennet Esquire, then and now One of the Matters' of the said Court, by Richard Perry, former Assignee of the said Bankrupt s Estate; and that the said Sum of £. 11,486.

4 s. 5 d. with Interest, from the 11 th of March 1734/ yet remains due from the said John Bennet, who hath no'

Estate or Effects left wherewith to satisfy the laid£. 11,486.

4 s. 5 d. or any Part thereof; and that the Petitioner, up* prehending his same to fall within the Design and Meaning of the Provision made by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, the said Money being deposited in the Hands of the said John Bennet, before the passing thereof, did, by a Petition presented to the now Lord Chancellor the 1 ith of June last, apply to the said Court of Chancery, praying Satisfaction out of the Money then raised, or which should thereafter be raised, by the Duties granted by the said Act; but that his Lorri-ship, upon hearing the Matter of the said Petition, on the 2d of August last, did declare, That he did not think himself authorized, by that Act, to direct any Part of the Money then raised, or thereafter to be raised, by or uppri the Duties thereby granted, to be applied in or towards Satisfaction of the Petitioner s said Demand: And, in regard tfte said Deficiency did not happen by any Act or Default of the Petitioner, and the Debts of the said Bankrupt amount to £.100,000. and upwards; and there hath 1

been little of the said Bankrupt’s Estate recovered, beyond the said Monies in the Hands of the said Mr. Bennet, who hath no Estate or Effects left to answer the said De*^ mands; therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the ACfe aforesaid, in such mapper as to provide for the Petitioner s said Debt, either by inlarging the Term therein mentioned, or in such other manner as to the House shall seem meet; or that the House will give him such other Relief in tin*

Premises as the Nature of his Gale shall require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And tint they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter oi Fact contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Sir Jolm Barnard, Mr. Alderman*

Perry, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Secretary at War,

Lord Sttndon, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Walpole, Mr. If innington Mr. Fere, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Waller, Mr. Huxley,

Sir Hen,. Gough, Mr. Earle, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Tracey, M$. Hen. Fo.v, Mr. Whitworth, Lord Middlejlv, b Mr.

0

9 Geo. II. 250 — 26°

Mr. Fo.v, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Hunger ford, Mr. Bacon, Sir ltobcrt Bromic, Mr. ('urzon, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir James ( I rant, lx>rd Sidney Beau club, Mr. Ixickxeond, Mr. Yorkc, Mr. Cvster, Mr. Glunxdle, Mr. I\ut lie fjord, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Pelham, Sir Wilfrid lane/on, Mr. Holla tub Mr. Hooper, Mr. Sancen, Mr. Cruffe, Mr. JPhnnptrc, Mr. (Jon, Mr. Bramf.un, Mr. Gibbon, Brigadier Handafyde, Mr. Ahalt Inearth, Mr. Charring, Colonel Online, Lord A>*7Sonar set, Mr. Hay, Mr. Moini-tagu, Sir // ;//. Heath cote, Lad Gage, Lord Pokenrth, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Ashby, Mr. (r rear Hie, Mr. Hume Campbell, Sir // m. Courtenay, Ix>rd Charles Cavendish, Sir Abraham Elton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fetid for Perluiis Papers, and Records: And all that come are to huve Voices.

Limiting tie Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Kumb«r of the better securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by limit-Uoufe. Nl,|)her of Officers in the House of Commons:

And that Mr. Sandy*, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Gore, and Mr. How, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Importation Mr. G la ml lie prrlented to the Uoufe, according to of tifliy &c. Order, a Bill to render more effectual an Art, paffi-tl in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better preventing fresh Fish, taken by Foreigners, being imported into this Kingdom; and for the Prclei wition of the Fry of I'ifli; and for the giving Ixavc to import Lobliers and Turbots, in foreign Bottoms; and fv>r the better Preservation of Salmon within several Rivers, in that Part of this Kingdom culled England: And the same was received.

Wtyiaod The Order of the Day, for the Uoufe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Uoufe, to consider further of \\ ays and Means for raising the Supply grunted to his Majesty, being read;

ResolveJ, That the House will, upon Friday Morning next, rcfulve itself mto the said Committee.

iuppljr. The Order of the Day, for the Uoufe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to considerfurther of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the* Tranllution of the Treaty between Great Britain and Denmark, ! ’ September 1734» presented to the Uoufe upon the 18th Day o(February, in the I aft Session of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Lund Forces and Marines, intitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Lftimate of the CTmrge thereof, for the Year 1736, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, w ho died u|>on the Elhiblitlmicnt of Half-jjay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th Day of December 1710, with an Lftimate of the Charge thereof, for the Yer.r 173b, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, thewhig, how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 173.), hath been disposetl of, distinguished under the ibvcral Heads, until the 3d Day of February, 1735, and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied, with tire Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the Uoufe refotved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Cotnmitfee.

Mr. Sjicaker relimied the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to several llesolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the IToufe will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Vol 22.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, That he w as directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to tit a»jnin.

Refill ed, That this 1 louse will, upon llcdnesday Morning next, rcfulve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon Monday the 19th Norfolk Day ot January Lift, for hearing, Tomorrow, at the E1ccU<jxl Bar of this House, the Mutter of the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of Xoijn'k, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in Ik half of themlulvcs, and (jf a great Number more of the Freeholders of the said County, complaining of au undue Flection and Return for the said County, be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bur (if this J louse, upon Tuesday the Second Day of March next.

Ordered, That Sir lCm. Stapleton have Leave to makfe Henley, &e. a Motion, it being near Than of the Clock. Hoads.

And he moved the Uoufe accordingly. And,

The Bill for repairing the Roads from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Cidham Bridge, and to a Place called the Mile-Jhmc, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County, was read a Second time.

Ref deed. That the Bill be committed to Sir IVm. St a-pleton, Sir Jujiinian Ilham, Mr. Cartwright, Sir //;//rid Lawson, Mr. Hen. Archer, Mr. Hunger ford, Mr. Smith,

Mr. hue ton, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Pollen, Colonel Mordaunt,

Mr. Hen. Fox, Mr. Hay, Lord Glenorchy, Mr. Archer,

Mr. Henry, Sir I Em. Irby, Lord Boyne, Mr. Ongtey, Mr.

Scaurn, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Yorke, Six James Grant, Mr. Rutherford, Lord Pohearth, Mr Pelham,

Mr. Robert Ilucks, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Duncomb, Mr.

Hooper, Mr. Fox, Mr. Perrott, Mr. Dawkins, Mr.

Earle, Mr. Muster, Mr. Holland, Mr. Gore, Colonel Murray, Sir John llujhout, Mr. Povrcll, Mr. Barlow,

Sir Thomas Saunderson, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Parfohs,

Mr. Spencer, Ix>rd Noel Some 1 jit, Mr. I Chile, Air.

Hacks, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Byng; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxon, Gloucester, Wilts,

(1 Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

jfovisy 26° die Februarii j

Anno 9* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1735.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Inhabitants of Ramsgate, in the Ramsgate Isle of Thu net. in the County of Kent, and of several Harbour* Merchants, Masters and Owners of Ships, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Pier and Harbour of Ramsgate have, Time out of Mind, been subject to such Orders, Decrees, and Rates, for the perpetual Maintenance and Preservation thereof, as have been ratified, confirmed, and allowed, by the Lofd Warden of the Cinque Ports for the Time beingwhich Rates have, from time to time, been duly applied in repairing and inlarging the said Pier and Harbour; but that, by thef continual Violence of the Sea, great Part of a Cliff, which was a good Defence to the said Harbour from the Sea, is washed away; whereby the said Pier and Harbour are now become very much exposed to the Rage of the Sea, and the said Harbour Is in great Danger of being filled up, and, in time, rendered useless; and the Rates, so granted and allowed, as aforesaid, being now barely Efficient to defray the Expence of deanfing and preserv-

ing

c.

S9*

iiS6 Febfu.

173

}ng the fame, in afhort time will not be sufficient for that Put-pole; and that the said Pier and Harbour have, time but of mind, been very commodious, and of great Advantage, for the Security of Ships and Mariners in Storms, Stress of Weather, and on other Occasions, and may be rendered much niore ib, by ereQing Two Heads, one bf them to the said Pier, and' the 6ther to the remaining Part of the said Cliff, whereby the said Harbour may be inlarged, and made commodious and lhfe for receiving and preserving Ships and Vessels employed in merchandizing of almost any Burden; which will be of great Encouragement and Benefit to the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, as well as a Security for those Ships; which, being detained by contrary Winds, must now lie in the Downs, exposed to Storms, and other Casualties: And, In regard the Petitioners, the said Inhabitants, are unable to raise a sufficient Fund to defray the Expence of carrying on, completing, and preserving, lb ufeftil an Undertaking, without the Aid of Parliament, therefore praying Leave to bring in a Bill for inlarging and preserving the said Harbour; or such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Noes,

52.

80.

%»’ Nat?.

So it paired in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said’ Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Lightbom and Mr.. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize Henry Lys: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Wearing of A Petition of the Merchants and Traders in the Tovyn Meow! Liverpoolc, in the County Palatine of Lancajicr, whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf a£ themselves, and other the Merchants and Traders in the said Town of Liverpoole, and also in behalf of the Manufacturers of Fustian, and the Dealers therein, in the feverat Counties of Lancqfier, Chester, and Derby, was presented to ’the House, and read; recommending the Fustian Manufacture, and representing the ill Consequence of discouraging the Improvement thereof, or prohibiting the fame, in any of its Branches, under Pretence of an A&, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to preserve and encourage the Woollen and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for more effectual employing the Poor, by prohibiting the Use and Wear of all printed, painted* trained, or dyed Callicoes, in Apparel, Houshold-stuff, Furniture, or otherwise, after the 25th Day of December 1722, except as is therein excepted: And therefore praying, That the (kid Act may be explained, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition, do*lie upon the Table until the Bill to explain an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to preserve and encourage the Woollen and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for more effectual employing, the Poor, by prohibiting the Use and Wear of all printed, painted, stained, or dyed Callicoes, in Apparel* Houshold-ftulF, Furniture, or otherwise, aftes4 the 25th Day of December, 1722, except as is therein excepted, so far as relates to Goods made of Linen Yarn,# and Cotton Wool, manufactured in Great Britain^ be read a 'Second time.

Ordered, That the Manufacturers, who have petitioned for the said Bill, be admitted to be heard, either by themselves, or Counsel, in favour of the said Bill, at the fams time that the Petitioners against the Bill are heard, by themselves, or Counsel.

A Petition of the principal Manufacturers of Worsted Weaiing of Stuffs, and Makers of Worsted Yarn, and other Inha- Cal-

bitants of the City of Norwich, on behalf of themselves, and the other Manufacturers of the said City, and in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have observed, in the printed Votes of this House, that a Bill is orderod to be brought into explain an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, A a Act to preserve and encourage the Woollen and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and' for more effectual employing the Poor, by prohibiting the Use and Wear of ail printed, painted, stained, or dyed Callicoes, in Apparel, Houshold-ftu($ Furniture, or otherwise, after the 25th Day of December 1722, except as is therein excepted, fb say as relates to Goods made of Linen, Yarn, and Cotton Wool, manufactured in Great Britain; and that, of late Years, a Commodity hath been invented, commonly known and called by the Name of Cotton or Fustian, which, being made of Cotton, or mixed therewith, and being printed or painted, is now frequently worn in divers Parts of this Kingdom, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act; and that the Use of the said printed or painted Cottons in Apparel hath very much increased of late, to the Damage of the Woollen and Silk Manufactures, which are now under the greatest Discouragement; and that the said printed and painted Cottons so nearly referable printed and painted Callicoes, that it is very difficult to distinguish the one from the other; the Use of which, as the Petitioners’ apprehend, hath given, and will give, great Encouragement to the Use and Wear of printed and painted Indian Callicoes, to the great Detriment of the Woollen and Silk Manufactures: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the passing the said Bill; and may receive such Encouragement and Protection as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill to explain an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to preserve and encourage the Woollen and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for more effectual employing the Poor, by prohibiting the Ule and Wear of all printed, painted, ltained, or dyed Callicoes, in Apparel, Houshold-stuff^ Furniture* or otherwise, after the 25th Day of December 1722, except as is therein excepted, so far as relates to Goods made of Linen Yarn, and Cotton Wool, manufactured in Great Britain, be read a Second time; and that the Petitioners* if they think fit, be then heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said BilL

Sir George Qatenden reported- from the Committee, to Bnderwiif whom the Bill to indemnify Persons who- have omitted to make and subscribe the Declarations contained in the ec ACfc of Uniformity, of the 13th and 14th Years of King Charles the Second, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for doing thereof was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, m at the Cler-k’s Table:*

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one: and, upon the Quel-tiorv severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to-

tha BilL

Ordered*;

Wealing of printed Callicoei.

Supply.

9 Geo. II.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolTcd.

A Petition of the Traders, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Wakefield* and Places adjacent, in the County of York, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of them fid ves, and many other Dealers in the Woollen Manufacture, was prefenled to the House, and read; setting forth, That great Numbers of the Poor of the said Town, and Places adjacent, have been brought up, and are employed, in the Woollen Manufacture, and e ntirely depend on the same for their Maintenance; and that great Quantities of the Woollen Goods, made in that Neighbourhood, are exported to the Co alls of Africa, and the West Indiesj and, in Return for the fame, amongst other Products, very large Quantities of Cotton Wool are brought back, which have always been manufactured, in sevenil Parts of this Kingdom, into Fustians, many whereof are printed; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that, in case any of the Goods made of Linen and Cotton, in this Kingdom, l>c prohibited, under Pretence of ail Act made in the Serenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the l'irft, it will very much leflVn the Consumption of Cotton, and, consequently, prejudice and prevent the Importation of Woollen Goods: And therefore praying. That the said Act may lie so explained, as to give the Petitioners Relief, in such manner as to the House shall seem moll proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the'Fable, until the Bill to explain an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to prefrrve and encourage the Woollen and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for more effectual employing the Poor, by prohibiting the Use and Wear of all printed, painted, ltained, or dyed Callicoes, in Apparel, Household-lluff, Furniture, or otherwise, after the 25th Day of December 1722, except as is therein excepted, so far as relates to Goods made of Linen Yarn, and Cotton Wool, manufactured in Great Britain, be read a Second time.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place* and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the same w ere read; and are as followeth; viz*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Filly-six thousand Two hundred and Fifty Pounds be granted to his Majesty, on account of the Subsidy payable to the King of Denmark, pursuant to the Treaty bearing Date the Nineteenth Day of September 1734, for the Service of the Year 1736.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-six thousand Seven hundred and Eighty Pounds Eighteen Shillings, be

granted to his Majesty, upon account, for reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1736.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Eight hundred Twenty-eight Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines as died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th Day of December 1716, for the Year 1736.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-one thousand and Ninety-six Pounds Nine Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1735.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question feyerally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Vol. 23.

593

Ordered, That the proper Officer, or Officers, do lay before this House, an Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the additional Stamp Duty granted by an Act, of the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty’s ltcign, int ituled, An Act for the Relief of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, and how the same has been applied, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the several Sorts and Quantities of Corn, which have been exported, from Christmas 1734 to Christmas 1736; as also from what Places and Ports, and iu what Quantities, they have been exported; together with an Account of the Bounty that has been paid thereon.

A Bill for the further regulatingtlcftions of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, in that Part of Great Britain called England\ was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Bf'j'olved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Kleftiou and Return for the County of York.

And the Counsel were called in:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner Sir Bozvland Winn Baronet, and the other Petitioners, whole Petition complains of an undue Filed ion and Return of Sir Miles Stapylton Baronet, for the said County, having delivered in a List of Persons who voted for the Sitting Member Sir Miles Stapylton, at the said Eltftion, in order to disqualify them; and having proposed, in order to disqualify John Maken, who voted for the said Sitting Member at the said Election, to prove, by Parole Evidence, that he had no Freehold, at the time of the said Eltftion in the Place where he then fworc that his Freehold did lie;

And the Counsel for the said Sitting Member having objected to the Admission of that Evidence;

And the Counsel for the said Petitioners having been heard, in Answer to that Objection;

And the Counsel for the said Sitting Member having replied to that Answer;

The Counsel were directed to withdraw.

And the Journal of the House, of the 17th Day of April, in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, in relation to the Report from the Committee of Privileges, touching the Election for the County of York, and the Resolutions of the House thereupon, was read:

And the Journal of the House, of the 16th Day of January 1710, in relation to the Resolution of the House, in the same of the Election for the County of Rutland\ for admitting the Petitioner to give Parole Evidence of the Mortgage of a Mortgagee in Possession of Lands, for which the Mortgager voted against the Petitioner, without producing the Mortgage Deed, was also read:

And the Journal of the House, of the 17th D;^ of April 1735, in relation to that Part of the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Wendover, in the County of Bucks, which Hates the Parole Evidence given against the Sitting Members Qualification, in Contradiction to his Oath taken at that Election, was also read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Counsel for the Petitioners be admitted to give Parole Evidence as to a Person being no Freeholder at the time of the Election, who swore himself then to be a Freeholder;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth. (

7 M Teller

2 6° Februarii.

Relief of Suitors m Chancery.

Corn

exported.

Regulating

Elections.

York

Election*

594 26° — 2 7° Februarii. A. 1735.

Tellers for the Yea

7 M r. 11 inning ton:

206.

J>5*-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Counsel were again called in:

And Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And then the Cotinfel were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

Venerisy 2 j° die Februarii;

Anno 9* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1735. Prayers.

St. Anne’s, \ PETITION of the Vestry and Inhabitants of Westminster, j£\ the Parish of St. Anne, within the Liberty of the "v^atch C ity of Westminster, waspresented to the House and read; reciting an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the better regulating the nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the Two Parishes of St. James, and St. George, Hanover Square, within the Liberties of the said City: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a like Bill to invest the Vestry of the Parish of St. Anne with such Powers, and for such Purposes, as by the said recited Act the Vestries of the said Two Parishes are impowered with, as aforesaid; or in such manner as by the House shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House,

And it is referred to Lord Sundon, Colonel Onftow, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wollaston, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Clut-terbuck, Captain Baker, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Archer, Lord Tyrcormel, Mr. Ro-binfon, Lord Archibald Hamilton, Mr. Whitworth, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Yorke, Mr. HungerfordColonel Duckett, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Crosse, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Laroche, Lord John Sacville, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hales, Sir James Grant, Sir Thomas Frankland, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Trcfufis, Mr. Treby, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Turner, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Corbett, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Conduitt> Mr. Campbell, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Archer, Mr. Scrope, Sir Arthur Forbes, Mr. Jewkes, Isiv. May, Mr. Htrvey, Sir JFw. Clayton, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Moore, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Glanville, Lord Harry Powlet t; and all the Members who serve for the County of Middlesex, and City of Westminster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Weiring A Petition of the principal Woollen Manufacturers of printed and Inhabitants of the Town of Colne, and Places ad-Calhcoes. jacen^ in the County Palatine of Lavcafler, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act, made in the Seventh Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, in which the wearing, or ulingin Furniture, any printed, painted, stained, or dyed Callicoes, is prohibited, it is therein further Enacted, That the Penalties to be inflicted for so wearing or using such Callicoes, should extend to, and be levied upon, the Wearers or Users of any Stuff made up of Cotton, or mixed therewith, that should be printed or painted with any Colour or Colours, or any Callico chequered or striped, or any Callico Hitched or flowered, in foreign Parts, with any *7

Colour or Colours, or with coloured flowers made there*

Muslins, Neckcloths, and Fustians, excepted; and that vast Numbers of the Poor in the said Town, and Places adjacent, have always been brought up in, and are employed in, the Woollen Manufacture; and that great Quantities of the Woollen Goods made thereabouts are exported into the British Plantations; and that the Return for the same Goods is Cotton, £ft\; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that in case the Goods made of Linen and Cotton in this Kingdom be prohibited, it will prejudice the Exportations of Woollen Goods: And, as the Petitioners cannot but beconvinced, that it was never the Intention of the Parliament to discourage the Manufactures of our own Kingdom, praying,

That the Clause mentioned in the said Act may be so explained, as not to hinder or restrain the Manufacturers of Linen and Cotton Goods, by what foe ver Name they are or may be distinguished, from printing or painting the said Manufactures, and from making any further Improvement of the fame; or by including these Home-made Goods under the Penalties of foreign ones, to prohibit the Use and Wear of them.

A Petition of the Traders and principal Inhabitants Wearing of the Town of Halifax, for themselves, and Places of printed adjacent, in the County of York, whose Names are Calhcoe*. thereunto fub(bribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others. Dealers in the Woolleu Manufactures, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That considerable Quantities of Woollen Goods, manufactured in that Neighbourhood, are exported to Africa and the West Indies; in Return for which, Cotton Wool, amongst other Products of the said Places, is brought home, and worked up into several Sorts of Fustians; but that the Prosecutions lately commenced against several Persons for wearing same Sorts of Ftdlian Manufactures, on a Supposition that they are prohibited, by a C’ause in the Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, have put a Stop to the making thereof; whereby the Petitioners apprehend the Export of their Woollens to the said Places will be greatly diminished, if not loft; And therefore praying, That the said Act may be so explained, as to give the Petitioners Relief in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to explain an Act, passed in the Sevemdi Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to preserve and encourage the Woollen and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for more effectual employing the Poor, by prohibiting, the Use and Wear of all printed, painted, stained, or dyed Callicoes, in Apparel, HousehoLd Stuff, Furniture, or otherwise, after the 25th Day of December' 172a, except as is therein excepted, so far as relates to Goods made of Linen Yarn and Cotton Wool mamifoCtured in Great Britain; be read a Second time.

A Bill for making more effectual Two Acts of Parlia- ligate ment, one in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Uoads. Majesty Queen Anne, and the other of the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George ihe FiTft, for repairing the Road from Highgate Gate-house, in the County of Middlesex, to Barnet Blockhouse, in the County of Hertford; and also the Road leading from the Bear Inn in Hadley, to the Sign of the Angel in Enfield Chace, in the said County of Middlesex; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Child, Mr. Hedges, Mr. Gore, Mr. Forrester, Sir I ere. Sambrook, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Robert Mucks,

Mr, Price, Mr. Stevenjim, Mr. HonbIon, ‘Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Earle, Mr. Raivlirtfon Earle, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Fydetl,

Mr. Harley, Mr. Robert Harley, Sir Charles Mordaunt,

Mr. May, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Ashby, Sir Jirflinian If mm.

Sir John St. Aubin, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Longueville, Sir James Grant, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Drumond, Mr.

Yorke,

9 Geo. II.

York?, Mr. Carfu'righl, Mr. Gregory% Mr. Onjl>:c; and nil the MrmlMTs who serve for the bounties of Middle-Jcr and Hertford: And thevare to meet this Afternoon, at l'ive of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Wearing A Petition of the principal Manufacturers of Woollen,

of print i*U and Inhabitants, of the Town of Burning and Places ad-

CiIIk-oci. jncc, jt4 in the County Palatine of Lancaster, wnsprefeuted to the 1 Ionic, and read; setting forth, That by an Act, made in the Seventh Year of his late Majesty *s Reign, in which the wearing, or tifing in Furniture, any printed, paiiit<*d, stained, or dyed Callicoes, is prohibited, it is therein further Enacted, That the Penalties to he inflicted for so wearing or using stich Callicoes, should extend to, and he levied upon, the Wearers or Cfers of any Stuff made up of Cotton, or mixed therewith, that should be printed or painted with any Colour or Colours, or any Callico chequered or striped, or any Callico ditched or flowered, in foreign Parts, with any Colour or Colours, or with coloured Flowers made there, Muslins, Neckcloths, and Fustians, excepted; and that vast Numbers of Poor in the said Town of Burnley, and Places adjacent, have always been brought up in, and are employed in, the Woollen Manufacture; and that great Quantities of the Woollen Goods made thereabouts are exported into the British Plantations; and that the Return for the same Goods is Cotton, S’c.; and that the Petitioners therefore apprehend, that, in case the Goods made of Linen and Cotton in this Kingdom be prohibited, it will prejudice the Exportation of Woollen Goods: And, as the Petitioners cannot hut be convinced, that it was never the lutenfiou of the Parliament to discourage the Manufactures of*our own Kingdom, praying. That the Clause mentioned in the ft id Act may be so explained, as not to hinder or restrain the Manufacturers of Linen and Cotton Goods, by whatsoe ver Name they are or may be distin-gtiiflied, from printing or painting their said Manufactures, and from making any further Improvement of the fame, or by including tlicfe home-made Goods under the Penalties of foreign ones, to prohibit the Use and Wear of them.

A Petition of Andmv Bums ay Esquire, present Provost of the City of C/ia/fnc, for himself, and in Name of the Traders and Manufacturers of the said City, was presented to tl)c llotise, and read, reciting the said Clause of the said ACi; and setting forth. That great Quantities of Cotton Wool arc yearly imported at Glajgoxv, from the British Plantations in America, which is carded, and spun into Yarn, and is, together with Linen Yam spun of Flax, of the Growth of North Britain, manufactured into Goods, commonly called Fustians, which are thereafter painted, printed, and liained, whereby great Numbers of Poor are lubfilted; and that great Quantities of the said Manufactures are yearly exported to the British Plantations in America, together with Woollen Goods of different S[>ecies, Pewter, Brass, Iron Tools, Cutlery Ware, and other Goods, all made and manufactured in England, and are there bartered for Cotton Wool, and other Goods and Merchandizes, the Product of the said Plantations; and that great Quantities of Linen Yam, of the Growth and Spinning of North Britain, are yearly sent to Manchester, Kendall, and other Places of England, and there worked up into Fustians, and other Manufactures: And therefore pray ing. That the Clause mentioned in the said Act may be so explained, as not to hinder or restrain the Manufacturers of Linen and Cotton Goods, by whatsoever Name they are or may be distinguished, from printing or painting their said Manufactures, and from making any further Improvement of the lame, or by including these home-made Goods under the Penalties of foreign ones, to prohibit the Use and Wear of them.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders in the Town of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others the Merchants and Traders in the said Town of Whitehaven, and allb in behalf of the Manufacturers of Fustian, and Dealers therein, was presented to the Vol. 22.

595

Uoufe, and read; representing the Importance of the Fustian Manufacture of this Kingdom, and the ill Confcqttence of preventing or discouraging the People of Great Britain from making and vending of Fustians, or other Wares, made from Cotton Wool, under Pretence of the said Act: And therefore praying, That the said Act may be explained, in such a manner as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Merchants, and others, of the Town Wearing and Corporation of Lancaster, trading to his Majesty’s of Pn,ted Colonies in America, was presented to the House, and Cail, coCS* read; alleging, That large Quantities of Cotton Wool, being the Growth of his Majesty’s Plantations, areyearly imported by the Petitioners, and other Merchants of the said Town, which is purchased with, or taken in Exchange for. Woollen, Linen, Iron, and Cotton Manufactures, being home-made Goods, and other our Country’s Produce exported to the said Plantations; and that the Cotton Manufacture is greatly at a Stand, occasioned, as the Petitioners are informed, by the Attempts lately made by the Aronr/rATrade*rs, to prevent the Sale thereof; and representing to the House the ill Consequence of discouraging the said Manufactures, or prohibiting the fame, in any of its Branches; and setting forth, That the petitioners apprehend, that the Laws in being concerning the Cotton Manufactures, or the printing, painting, or staining thereof, were never intended to discourage or prohibit such of those as are manufactured, printed, and liained, in this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That the said Laws may be so explained, as not to restrain, prohibit, or hinder, the free Exercise of the Cotton Trade, and Manufacture thereof, in this Kingdom; and that the House u ill grant such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem most meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitionsdo lie upon tkeTable, until the Bill to explain an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to preserve and encourage the Woollen and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for more effectual employing the Poor, by prohibiting the Use and Wear of all printed, painted, liained, or dyed Callicoes, in Apparel, Houshold Stuff, Furniture, or otherwise, after the 25th Day of December 1722, except as is therein excepted, so far as relates to Goods made of Linen Yaru and Cotton Wool manufactured in Great Britain; be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Provost, Baillics, and Dean of Guild, Glasgo* of Glasgow, for themselves, and in Name of the Town improvement. Council and Community of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland 'in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King William, granting to the said City a Duty of TvvoPenies Scots, or One-sixth of a Peny Sterling. upon each Pint of Ale and Beer to be brewed, in-brought, vended, tapped, and fold, within the said City, and other Places, therein mentioned, for the Term of Sixteen Years; which Duty was continued, by another Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland in the 3d Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, before the Expiration of the said Term, for the further Term of Sixteen Years, to commence from the Expiration of the former; and by another Act, passed in the Parliament of Great Britain in the First Year of his late Majesty's Reign, was continued till the First Day of November 1738; and that the yearly Produce of this Duty, together with the ordinary Revenue of that City, falls lliort of the annual Expence necessary for supporting the Government, and maintaining the publick Works thereof; so that they have been, from time to time, obliged to borrow Money for answering those Expence?, and lately have been necessitafced to fell off the Lands belonging to them todischarge their Debt; and if the said Duty shall not be continued to them, and even extended over such Parts of the Suburbs as hold of themselves, and are encouraged and supported by their Trade, that industrious City must fall into Consulion and Ruiu; to the very

great

2 70 Februcirii.

St. Martin in the Fields Nightly Watch, dec.

Removing

Sinclair’s

Disabilities

by

Attainder.

596

270 Februarii.

4- >735

great Prejudice of The Manufactures and Commerce that Part of the Kingdom, and to the immediate Loss of the adjacent Country: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the said Duties, and extending them over such of their Suburbs, holding of themselves, as are benefited by their Trade, for such Term, and in such manner, as to the House shall seem good.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Colonel Campbell, Mr. Campbell, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Owen, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Treby, Mr. Hay, Mr. Bacon, Colonel Duckelt, Sir Thomas Read, Sir William Cha pie, Mr. Thomson, Mr. Griffith, Mr. Longueville, Sir Henry Hoghton, Lord Dupplin, Lord Glenorchy, Mr. Fox, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Earle, Mr. Rawlinson Earle, Mr. Bance, Mr. Hales, Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Yorltc, Mr. Archer, Mr. Wm. Archer, Mr. Ashby, Lord Vere Beauclerk, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Clavering, Sir Robert Clifton, Mr. Danvers, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Fitzroy, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Tracey, General Wade, Colonel Onslow, Lord Middlesex, Mr. CornwallSir James Grant, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Conduitt, Mr. Alderman Willimott, Mr. Carlivright, Mr. IVollafton; and all the Members who serve for North Britain; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better regulating the Nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster, was committed. That the Committee had Examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of John Sinclair, eldest Son of Henry late Lord Sinclair, deceased, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That the same of the Petitioner having been humbly represented to his Majesty, his Majesty gives his Consent, That the House may do therein as they think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, in the Life-time of his Father, by virtue of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the Attainder of George Earl of Marischal, William Earl of Seaforth, James Earl of Southejhue, James Earl of Panmuir, and others, of High Treason, unless they shall render themselves to Justice, by a Day certain, therein mentioned, was attainted of High Treason, by the Description of John Sinclair Esquire, commonly called Matter of Sinclair; and that his said late Majesty, by Letters Patent, bearing Date the 21st Day of October, in the Thirteenth Year of his Reign, was pleased, in his great Mercy, to pardon and idischarge the Petitioner of and from Imprisonment, and Execution of his Person, on such Attainder; but that the Petitioner, by reason of the said Attainder, is exposed to many Difficulties, being inca-

pable to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit; and is likewise wholly disabled to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that shall or may hereafter defeend or come to him; and is thereby excluded from the Means of providing for himself, and his unfortunate Family:

And therefore praying, That the House will give Leave to bring in a Bill for removing the Disability and Incapacity occasioned by the said Attainder; or to grant him such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable John Sinclair, eldest Son of Henry late Lord Sinclair, deceased, to sue,. or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him: And that the Lord Glenorchy and the Lord Advocate of Scotland do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, that Mr. Oxenford, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Dniy« House, an Account of the Net Produce of the Duty OlireOi upon Olive Oil, from Christmas 1731 to Christmas 1734; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Cotton Wool im- Cotton ported from the British Plantations in America, from Christmas 1718 to Christmas 1734, and of the Duties arising thereupon; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in import^ the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King of Fish,&c, George the First, intituled, An Act for the preventing fresh Fish, taken by Foreigners, being imported into this Kingdom; and for the Preservation of the Fry of Fish; and for the giving Leave to import Lobsters and Turbots in foreign Bottoms; and for the better Preservation of Salmon within several Rivers in that Part of this Kingdom called England; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Tyrconnel reported from the Committee, Stalling!# to whom the Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Stallingborough, in the County of Lincoln, and of the incl'>lBre' Freeholders of Lands and Tenements within the Lord- 1 ship and Parish of Stallingborough, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, of the 16th of February instant, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof, the Petitioners called,

Edward Hodgson and John Curtis: Who said, That there are several large open Fields and Commons belonging to the said Manor; and that the same lie very much dispersed and intermixed; which often occasions Disputes between the Persons concerned therein, whereupon several Law Suits have been commenced, and carried on.

And they farther said. That all the Freeholders, who have any Right in the said Common of Stallingborough, except Two, who have no more than £.S a Year between them, have consented and agreed to the proposed Inclosure and Division; which, the Witnesses said, will be of great Benefit and Advantage to all the Parties concerned and interested therein.

Ordered\

9 Geo. II. 27° Februarri.

597

Ordered, That I cave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inditing certain o|>cn and common Fields within the Lordship and Parish of St ailing borough, in the County of Lincnln: And diet the Lord Tyrconnel, Mr.

1)anvcr*t and Mr. Bradjhaui, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Colony of A Petition of the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia, in America, being otfered to be presented to die House;

Mr. Chancellor of die Exchequer, by his Majesty s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, being informed of the ('ontents of the salt! Petition, recommends it to their Consideration, to do therein as they flnil 1 think proper.

Then the said Petition a as brought up, and read; alleging, That, by the Assistance given to the Petitioners the luh Session of Parliament, they were enabled to Jubfift great Numbers of distressed foreign and other Protest&ots, whom they had before lent to Georgia, whose Lands were not sufficiently cultivated to afford them a Maintenance; and a I to, since that, to make fc ver n 1 Embarkations of Men, Women, and C hildren, confuting of periecuted and other Protefunts, for establishing regular Settlements upon the Banks of the Alatnmaha and Ocony, which de-trend from the Ayalat'um Mountains, in order to fortify the Frontiers of the £iid Colony of Georgia, so necessary to defend the fame, and to secure the Province of Caro-limt, and the other adjacent English Colonies; but that, by fetciul unforefecn Accidents, and by contrary M inds, the greatest Part of the said Embarkations were delayed, until the Scaibn of the Year was so far advanced, that it will be impossible for those People to clear any Lands, whereby to raise a Subsistence for the ensuing Year, and who limit, in the mean time, inevitably fuller Hardships, even greater titan tholl- they lmve fled from, without the further Support and Aflifcuncc of this lloufe; and that the Petitioners have uled their utuioft Care and Diligence in applying the Money granted them in the la.lt Sellionof Parliament, to the Purposes intended, w itii the greatest Frugality and Oeronomv; but that they full find themselves under a Necessity to apply to the House, to.enable them to support the Pci Ions they have already sent to Georgia, find effectually to little und fortify the Frontiers of the Lid Colony, they having already applied and expended very near all the Monies which have been granted them for those Purposes; and that the said Colony is capable of producing many valuable Commodities, at present purchased from foreign Countries, with ready Money, and particularly those of Pot-alh, Wine, Oil, and Silk, lotne of which Silk having been manufactured in England, was found to equal, if not to exceed, the Produce of France or Italy: And therefore praying the House to give them such Assistance in the Preuiiics as the House mall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-iidei atiou of the Committee of the w hole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing how the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament to the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia, in America, has been applied by them, towards settling und lccu ring the said Colony.

Removing A Petition of JFiUiam Murray, eldest Son of Sir

Worrav Patrick Mu nay, of Auchertyre, deceased, being offered

byAtuindtr. to l,e printed to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty s Command, acquainted the House, That the same of the Petitioner having been humbly represented to his Majesty, his Majesty gives his Consent, that the House may do therein as they think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read:^ letting forth. That the Petitioner was unhappily fedu.ced, in the Year 1715, to join in the Rebellion that )vas at that time raised ia Scotland; and wjis afterwards tried at . Vol, 22.

Carlisle; where be was ope of the first that pleaded guilty, and threw himself upon his late Majesty’s Royal Mercy, and was attainted, but discharged, and released from the Pains of Death and Imprisonment, upon his said late Majesty's Act of Grace; and that, in regard the Petitioner had endeavoured, upon all Occasions, to atone for his pait Offence, by a peaceable and dutiful Behaviour, his said late Majesty, by his Royal Pardon, bearing Datfc the aoth Day of July, in the Seventh )fear of his Reign, reciting, lliat the Petitioner w as under certain legal incapacities, whereby particularly lie was debarred from enjoying any Estate, which he might thereafter acquire, or to which lie might succeed, was pleased to restore the Petitioner and his Posterity to the free and peaceable Pof* fession and Enjoyment of all Lands, Heretages, Lordships, Baronies, Offices, Rights, Capacities, Honours, and Dignities, and all other Rights, moveable or immoveable, wliatfeever, which might thereafter defeend in Rigl/t of Succession to him, or be acquired by bim, declaring the Petitioner, his Heirs and Posterity, capable and worthy to inherit, potlels, enjoy, and purchase, all Estates, moveable and immoveable, as fully and freely as if the Petitioner had never been gyilty of the foresaid Rebellion; and that the Petitioner has been lately adviied, Th^t, without an Act of Parliament, notwithstanding this his late Majesty's Intention, and Pardon, there may be a Doubt whether he docs not full lie under many fncapa-cities and Disabilitics, occasioned by reason of the said Attainder, and particularly, w hether he can maintain any Action or Suit, or take, transmit, or inherit, any real or personal Estate: And therefore praying the House to give Leave to bring in a Bill for removing the Disabilities and Incapacities, occasioned by the said Attainder; or to giant him such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable William Murray, eldest Son of Sir Patrick Murray, of Auchertyre, deceased, to fee, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder,.to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him; And that'Mr./Fi«-tiington and the Lord Advocate of Scotland\ do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Royal African Company of England African being offered to be presented to the House; Company

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, being informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to their Consideration, to do therein as they shall think proper.

Then the said Petition was brought up and read; alleging, That the House having, upon full Examination and Consideration of the State of the Trade to Af rica, granted in the last Session of Parliament, the Sum of

10,000, towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements belonging to the Petitioners there, the said Sum hath been applied accordingly: And it having appeared to the House, that the said Forts and Settlements cannot be fepported, and the Trade preferred, without the Aid of Parliament; therefore praying, That such further Provisions may be made in the Premises as to the House shall feerp meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Royal African Company of England do lay before this House, the Establishment for their fe-verai Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, with the Charges thereof, for the Year 1735; distinguishing bow much of the same is on. the Account of Trade, and how; much for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Forts and Settlements; and also, an Account how the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament, towards the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, bath been difppfed of.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charges jof the Royal

African Company of England, for the Maintenance of the 7 N ' Several

Westminster

Bridge.

Wearing of printed CaDicoes.

Ways and Means.

98

270 Februarii. — 2° Martii.

A

1735-

several British Forts and Settlements belonging to the said Company, on the Coast of Africa, for the Year 1736, be laid before this House.

A Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the New Palace-yard, in the City of Westminster\ to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven* night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and of the Gentlemen, Traders, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Kendall, and Places adjacent, in the County of Westmorland, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That large Quantities of the Woollen Cloths, called Kendall Cottons, and of Cloths of Woollen and Linen, called Linfeys, are made in the said Town of Kendall, and Places adjacent, and in other Parts of the said County; and that, in the manufacturing thereof, very large Numbers of poor Families have been brought up, and are constantly employed therein, and depend thereon for their Maintenance; and that great Quantities of the same Manufactures are exported into the British Plantations; and that the Return for the same Goods is chiefly Cotton Wool, of which large Quantities are brought back, and have always been manufactured, in several Parts of this Kingdom, into printed, chequered, stripedj and other Fustians; and representing to the House the ill Consequence of prohibiting the said Manufactures of Linen and Woollen made in this Kingdom, or any Branch thereof: And therefore praying. That the Manufactures of this Kingdom, as well those of Linen and Cotton as others, or any Improvement thereof, may not be restrained, but preserved free, by having the Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, explained, in such manner as to ' the House shall seem most meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to explain an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to preserve and encourage the AYoollen and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for more effectual employing the Poor, by prohibiting the Use and Wear of all printed, painted, Rained, or dyed Callicoes, in Apparel, Iloulhold Stuff, Furniture, or otherwise, alter the 25th Day of December 1722, except as is therein excepted, lb far as relates to Goods made of Linen Yarn and Cotton AVool manufactured in Great Britain; be read a second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of AVays and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Surplusses Rated at Lady Day 1735, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Surplusses Rated at Michaelmas 1735, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. f: Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported, from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they ' had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday

Morning next.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again* "

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, tefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Lord Gage presented to' the House, according to Clandestin* Order, a Bill for the more eftectual preventing clandestine Manages. Marriages: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Lord Gage have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

The Bill for the more effectually preventing clandestihfc Marriages was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Stirling of Privileges and Elections, who, by an Instruction to Election, them given by the House, upon Thurslay the Twenty-ninth Day of January last, are ordered to hear, upon this Day, the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Shire of Stirling that they do hear the Matter of the said Petitions upon Wednesday next.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Committee Elections be adjourned. Privilege*

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2° die Martii;

Anno 90 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1735.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Bur- Kew geffes of the Town and Borough of New Windsor, AVindfo

in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and Bridge read; setting forth, That, in the Town and Borough of New Windsor, in the said County, there is, and has been time out of mind, a large publick Bridge over the River of Thames, leading from New Windsor aforesaid to the Town of Eton, in the County of Bucks, and Parts adjacent; which, during all the said Term, has been maintained by the Corporation of New Windsor, by the Money arising from the several customary Tolls, which are due, and payable, for loaded Carriages passing over, and Barges passing under, the said Bridge; and that there is no other Provision made for the maintaining the said Bridge, other than the aforesaid customary Tolls; and that the Petitioners have, of late, laboured under very great Hard-ship and Difficulty in collecting the said Tolls, which are very small and incontiderable, several Persons passing with loaded Carriages over the said Bridge refusing to pay the same, pretending that the same is a free Bridge; whereby the Petitioners are reduced to the Necessity either of acquiefeing in the Lois of the said Tolls, or asserting their Right to the same by a tedious and expensive Course of Law, which the Petitioners are discouraged from pursuing, in regard they must bring separate Actions against every particular Person so refusing to pay the said ac-customed Tolls; and the said Bridge being now in a very ruinous and decayed Condition: Therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be enabled to maintain and repair the said Bridge; and that their Right to the said Tolls may be established; and that the Quantum due, and payable upon all Occasions, may be settled and ascertained, and a more speedy and easy Remedy given, for the Recovery of the same; and such other Relief given as to the House Rial! seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confi derat ion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Vere Beauclerh\ Lord Sidney Beauderk, Lord Polwarth, Sir James Grantr Mr. Bacon,

15 Mr-

9 Geo. It.

s'

Martii.

599

Hotnt-tna'de

Spirit?.

Foreign

Spirits

imported.

Spirits

exported.

Duty on Beer and Ale.

Wearing of printed Calicoes.

Shale*

Name.

Mr. Trefufis, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Fane, Sir John Chichester, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Archer, Mr. Scarce it, Mr. Frank-fo/tf/, Mr. Ramsden, Lord Wallingford, Mr. Kinaston, Mr. Purvis, Sir Charles Banbury, Sir Geo. Caftvall, Sir Francis ChiUU Mw Fox, Mr. Hen. Archer, My. Tower, Mr. White, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Alderman Ileathcoie, Mr. Moore, Mr. Eyles, Mr. Holland, Mr. Laroche, Lord Tyrconnel, Mr. Wollaston, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Vcrc, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Plumptrc, Mr. Gregory, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Monson, Sir Jermyn Davers, Mr. Hales, Sir Christopher Poxcell, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Mackworth Praed, Mr. May, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Shuttlexcorth, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Sibthorpe, Colonel Lyddall, Sir John Healficote, Sir Edzcard Dering, Mr. Lechrncre, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Hen. ParJcns, Mr. Yorke, Sir Thomas Lee, Dr. Lee, Lord Charles Cavendish, Mr. Thompson; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Berks and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker^ Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, that Mr. Tudor, from the Commissioners of the Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door;

He was called in; Arid, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, alt Account of the Amount of the Duties from Home-made Spirits:

Of what Excise has been paid for foreign Spirits and Brandies imported, from thfe ‘24th June 1732, to the 24th Jitne 1735:

Of the Quantity of Spirits drawn from Corn exported, and what Drawback, $c. has been allowed for the fame, from 24th June 1733 to 24th June 1735:

Of the Produce of the Duty upon Beer and Ale, from 24th June 1732 to 24th June 1733.

Arid then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Merchants and Planters trading to, and interested in, his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That great Quantities of Woolen, Linen, and other Goods, being, for the most part, our own Manufactures, are exported annually, as well to Africa, for the Purchase of Negroes, as to the Sugar Colonies, for the Use of the Inhabitants; and that, with such Goods and Negroes, imported into these Colonies, are purchased Sugar, Cotton, Ginger, and other the Produce of the Plantations; of which, Cotton is a very beneficial Article to the Navigation of this Kingdom; and representing to the House, the Advantage arising from the Plantation of Cotton in the said Colonies, and the Inconvenience arising from any Discouragfement to the same: And therefore praying, That the Bill, now depending in this House, to explain an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, an Act to preserve and encourage the Woolen and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for more effectual employing the Poor, by prohibiting the Use and Wear of all printed, painted, stained, or dyed Callicoes, in Apparel, Houshold-stuff, Furniture, or otherwise, after the 25th Day of December 1622, except as is therein excepted, so far as relates to Goods pade of Linen Yarn, and Cotton Wool, manufactured in Great Britain, may pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of John Barrington Esquire, heretofore called John Shales Esquire, was presented to the House,' and read; letting forth, That Anne Shales, the Petitioner’s Mother, dying in the Year 1720, and Charles Shales and Vol. 22.

Richard Shales, the Petitioners elder Brothers, being both dead without llfue, the Inheritance of the Manor or Lordfiiip of King's Hatfield, alias Broad Oak, and divers other Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, particularly mentioned and described in the Settlement bearing Date the 15th Day of November 1706, made by Sir Charles Barrington, late of Barrington Hall, in the County of Essex, Baronet, deceased, to whom the Petitioner was Nephew, and is immediate Heir at Law, are, by virtue of the Limitation in the same Settlement, vested in the Petitioner, Third Son of the said Anne Shales, his Mother, in Tail Male: and that the Petitioner, in Compliance with, and Performance of, a Condition contained in the said Settlement, hath, ever since he came into Possession of the Premises therein coinpriled, taken upon him ft-If, and been called by, the Surname of Barrington; and is willing and desirous, that the said Surname should be confirmed upon him, and the Heirs of his Body, by Authority of Parliament: And therefore, praying the House, That a Bill may be brought in for the Purpose aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Mr. CoHxluitt and Mr. Crojfe do prepare and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, that the Accomptant General of the African Company attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, the Establishment of the Royal African Company of England, for their several Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, with the Charges thereof, for the Year 173.5, distinguishing how much of the same is on account of Trade, and how much for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Forts and Settlements; and also an Account, how the Money, granted in the last Session of Parliament, towards the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, hath been disposed of: And also,

An Estimate of the Charges of the Royal African Company of England, for the Maintenance of the several British Forts and Settlements, belonging to the said Company, on the Coast of Africa, for the Year 1736.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Establishment and Estimate were read.

Ordered, That the said Establishment and Estimate dd lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Establishment and Estimate are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Owners, Part-owners, Commanders, or Masters, of Ships and Vessels employed in the Trade of Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; complaining, That many Frauds have been frequently practised upon Merchants, and others, Owners of Shares of trading Ships and Vessels, which have arisen from the U ncertainty of their Title to such Interests and Estates, chiefly occasioned by the original or grand Bill of Sale lying in one Hand: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for preserving the Right and Property in Merchant Shipping employed in the Trade of Great Britain, and for preventing the Frauds committed therein; and, for that Purpose, to estabiith an Office within the City of London, for registering Bills of Sale of all Merchant Ships and trading Vessels whatsoever, now built, or hereafter to be built, in Great Britain, or which, being foreign-built, are or shall be made free; together with the Alignments and Alienations of such Bills of Sale of such Ships, or any Part or Parts thereof; with such Powers and Conditions, and for the due Execution of such Office, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the

Matter

African

Company,

Registry of Ships.

A.

I73Si

Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Alderrpan JV'illimot, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Par suns, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Walker, Sir Abraham Elton, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Edward Dering, Lord Ppluarth> Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Yorkc, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Brude-vel, Mr. Wilkinson, Lord James Cavendish, Sir Francis Child, Lord Fere Beauclerk, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Cartwright, Sir John Chichester, Mr Far, Captain Alar-tin; and all the Merchants of the House; and all the Members who serve for Sea Port Towns: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Per- fons, Papers, and Records.

?urry»5 a. Petition of David Puny was presented to the

ut# House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner was

born out of his Majesty’s Allegiance; but hath constantly professed the tVue Protestant Religion: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given so bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Thomas Gore and Mr. Newland do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Pytufrr’s A Bill to enable Reginald Lygon Esquire, otherwise Name. Pyndar, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take upon

him and them the Surname and Arms of Lygon, pursuant to the Settlement of William Lygon Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sandys, Mr. Hampden, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Alderman Heath-cote, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Bacon, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Yorkc> Colonel Mordaunt, Lord Polwarth, Mr. Sinister., Sir Miles Stapylton, Sir James Grant, Mr. May, Captain Purvis, Mr. Walker, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Corbet, Mr, Tucker, Mr. Wyndham A/he, Mr. Smelt, Mr. Waller, Sir Wilfrid Laxvfon, Mr. Fox, Mr. Norton, Mr. Holland, Mr. Newland, Mr. Fane, Sir Thomas. Saunderfun; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester, Warwick, Gloucester, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Cotton Wool Ordered, That the Commissioners of his Majesty’s

imported. Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Cotton Wool imported from the British Plantations in America, from Christmas 1710 to Christmas 1718, distinguishing each Year.

C«x°orted°01 Ordered, That the Co^rniiTioners of his Majesty’s p r Customs do lay before this House) an Account of Cotton Wool, and Cotton ihanufactured, exported from Great Britain to foreign Parts, from Christmas 1711 to Christmas 1734, distinguishing each Year.

Lutley’i A pill to enable Bartholomew Richard Barneby Esquire,

Name. otherwise Lutley, and the Issue of hi? Body, to take upon him and them the Surname of Barneby, pursuant to the Will of John Barneby Esquire, deceased, was read a Second, time. r;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sandys, Mr. Danvers, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Sir James Grant, Mr. Brereton, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Crojfe, Mu Archer,

' , Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Rutherford, Lord Polwarth, Lord Gallway, Sir Hen. Northcote, Mr. Kinaston, Mr. Bacon, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Fox, Mr. Trefufs, Mr. Watts, Mr. Plumer, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Foley, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Bradshaw, Mr. Duncombe, Lord Morpeth, Sir Herbert Faking ton, Mr. Hanmer, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Packer, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Conduitt, Sir James Campbell, Captain Purvis; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester, Warwick, Hereford, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber. 1

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iliue his Warrant to Derby Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make dut a new Writ for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Derby, in the County of Derby, id the room of the honourable Charles Stanhope, Esquire, deceased.

A Petition of EdzcakdIfeylyn, Thomas Fane, Esquires, Aron John Wynne, Walter Hazvkjworth, Edward G regory, and Navigation. Onesiphorus Tyndal, Merchants, on behalf of themselves, and several other4 Merchants and Traders within the City of Bristol, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House and read; alleging, That the Navigation of the River Avon, which, in pursuance of an Act, made in the 1 oth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, was made navigable to a new Quay at or near the City of Bath, is capable of being further extended to or near the Towns of Bradford, Melksham, La cock, and Chippenham, in the County of Wilts; and that the Proprietors of the Tolls granted by the said Act, and the Petitioners, have lately entered into Articles for extending the Navigati- n of the said River to the Towns aforesaid; which will be a great Benefit to the Publick, as well as the said Towns, by rendering the Carriage of Goods much cheaper, and will preserve the Roads leading to the said Towns: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to confirm the said Articles, and to extend the said Navigation to the Towns aforesaid, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Abraham Elton, Lord P0/-warth. Sir Edward Dering, Sir Christopher PenceII, Lord Middle few, Lord John Sacville, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Rolk,

Mr. Archer, Mr. Bacon, Sir James Grant, Sir Geo.

Oxcnden, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Danvers,

Mr. Brereton, Mr. Hunger ford, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Par-fons, Colonel Onslow, Captain Evans, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Glatvoille, Sir Wilfrid iMwJbn, Mr. Scareen,

Mr. Aiflabie, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Lockwood,

Mr. Waller, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Talbot, Sir Chai'lcs Mordavnt, Mr. Rawlinson Earle, Mr. Kent, Mr. Hay,

Mr. Pelham, Mr. Drummond, jLord Gage, Sir Geo. Donning, Sir Gep. Beaumont, Lord Baltimore.' Mr. Fere, Mr.

Gore, Mr. B rams ton, Mr. Onslow, Mt. Moore, Mr. Rutherford, Mr. Finch, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Hooper, Colonel Selwyn, Mr. Compton, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Grey, Lord Sundon, JVJr. Walker, Sir Thomas Frankland, Mr. Trelru,

Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Gybbpn\ Mr. Crojfe,

Lord Morpeth, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Dundafs, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Smelt, Mi*. Alderman Perry, Lord Wallingford, Sir Wm. Courtenay, Sir Charles Wager; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Gloucester, and Wilts; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, that Mr. Vcrelst, Ac- Colon? edmptant to the Trustees for establishing the Colony >of Geors Georgia, in America, attended* at the Door;

He Was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House1,. pursuant to their Order, an Account, shewing how the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament . to the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia, in America, has been applied by them, towards settling and securing the faic^ Colony.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be penifed by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the 6ther Paper* of this' Session.

' A-Petition

5 Geo. It*

Mar

6oi

irita’t A Petition of John Sallow, of hilfborough, in the County of Lancaster, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, 'Hint upon, and previohs to the Marriage of the Petitioner’s Uflfcle, Gabriel Hejketh, with lfahr/la Wefbu, both Pnpills, an Estate called Whif chill, and otlur Lmds in Lancashire, of the Yearly Value of 120, or thereabouts, and formerly the fell ate of Cut liber t Jfe/leth, Uncle of the said Gabriel, was settled to the Use of the said Gabriel for Life; then, ns tc Part of the said Ijirbrl/n, for Life, for h-r Jointure; Heinnimh r to his First and other Sons itt Tail Male; Krinaimh r to the Daughters of their Bodies, in Tail Male; and, in I Limit of furh I (Tue, the Roveilion in E» e was vMi d in th'* Kndit Heirs of the fed Cnfi.bt'ri: Tint the said (u’hbert died, loon after the said St tth na- it and Marriage, without Iffur, leaving the said G ;/*';#/lus Nephew and Heir: That the said Gabriel had [line Pour S ns; and he, being engaged in the Rebellion in 1 71forfeited his said Life Estatein the Premises, uud all*,) the Rtversion ill l ee, veste<l in him as Heir of the said Cnthbcrt, his Uncle; both which were purchated, in Trust, for him, and his H eirs, from the Uominuiioni is appointed for the Sale of the forfeited Estates, in l rnlucs Names, but with Money borrowed or procured by Gtr’f'ii!; and he, under such Purchase, accordingly enjoyed the Kllates till his Death, which happened in the Year 1730; and, upon his Death, Roger, his then only fnmving Son, entered anti held the fan! Ellatis till his Death, whit'll happened also in the same Year, who died without llTue; and that the said Petitioner is llcir at Law to the said Gabriel, and his Son, and also to the said CuthlnH, the Petitioner being only Son of Anne, who was only Sifter to the Paid Gabriel: That, upon the Death of the said Gabriel, Jfdbrlld his M idow entered on Part of the said Kllatcs, as her Jointure; and the said R<ger\ his Son, entered Upon the KciiJtie thereof; and, up in the Death of the said Hotter, the Petitioner entered upon some Parts thereof, of whie!i Reger dud poii'eilrd; but the said JfabeUtt, the Vi uLw of the f.iid Gabriel, being a Pnpifr, in Piijihliee to th P» titioner, in regard lie is a Pro-teftnnt, prevailed with fe\eral of the Tenants not to give the Petitioner PoiVeilion of the rest of the said Estates which was so holdeii by the said Roger, as aforesaid, tlumgh the lYt ?. ioner is the undoubt. d Heir of the whole Family, ami th"re is no other Relation in any near Degree of Kindred, the Petitioner not being able to recover the Podeflion of the said Estates by Law, by rcalon of the said Attainder of the said Gabriel, through whom the Petitioner mull deduce and derive his Pedigree and Title; and that all the Sons of the said Gabriel being dead without KTue, and lie having left no Daughter, the Remainder or Reversion in Fee, expectant on Failure of Inch Iifue, took place; and as the same was purohnted from t ho fa:d Commissioners, fora full and valuable Consideration, in Trust, for the said Gabriel, to whom the Petitioner is immediate Heir; and as there is no Objection to the Petitioner’s said Title to the said Estates, lave the Disability of the said Gabriel, the Petitioner’s said Ancestor, he being thereby incapacitated to take by Purchase; and in regard the Laws made for the Discouragement of Popery were not, as the Petitioner apprehends, intended to be to the Disherison of any Protestant Heir; therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to vest the said Estates in the Petitioner, and his Heirs, subject to the said Isabellas Jointure, notwithstanding the Attainder and Disability of the said Gabriel Hejketh, the Petitioner’s said Ancestor; or that the Petitioner may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Jernegan’a A Petition of Henry J ernegan, Goldsmith, waspre-Siher! fente^ to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner, in the Year 1730, did design, and cause to be made, in the way of his Profession, a Silver Cistern, that has been acknowledged, by all Persons of Skill, who have seen the fame, to excel whatever of the kind

Vol. 22.

has been attempted in this Kingdom; and has mani-felled, that the Sculptors and Artificers of Great Britain are not inferior to those of other Nations; but that, after an Expence of several Thousand Pounds upon the Workmanship alone, exclusive of the Weight in Silver, and after great Variety of Hazards in the* Furnace, and Four Years Application in raising and adorning the Model, the said Cittern remains on the Hands of the Petitioner; and, the same being of so great Value, there appears no Hopes of difpufing thereof to any private Purchaser; and the Petitioner has used his bell Endeavours, but without Success, to recommend it to several foreign Princes, by Application to their Ministers lor that Purpose: And therefore, to prevent that insupportable I^ofs which mull unavoidably befal tin* Petitioner, in case the same remains in his Hands, or he be forced to melt it down, praying the House to give him such Redrdfs in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Motion was made, and the Questiou being put* That the said Petition do lie upon the Table;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, .95.

TeHers for the Noes, {^: j So it was resolved in the Affirmative:

2.

Olive Oil used by Clothieis.

A Petition of the Clothiers, or Makers of mixed or medley Broad Cloth, in and about the Town of Froome, in the County of Somerset, whofi* Names are thereunto subsenbed, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Duty on Olive Oil. of which great Quantities are tiled in the said Manufacture: And

praying such Relief in the Premises a*> to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Clothiers and Drugget-makers in Beef 'in* ton Road, and Tels ford, and Places adjacent, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Duty on Olive Oil and Oil Soap: And therefore praying, That the House will take into Consideration the Premises, and afford such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Makers of mixed or medley Broad Cloth in the Borough of Heytesbury, Town of War* minster, and Parts adjacent, in behalf of themselves, and many others concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Price of Labour, and the Duties on Oil and Soap:

And therefore praying, That the House would take into Consideration the Premises, and afford such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table;

A Petition of the Clothiers of Stourbridge, in the County o f Worcester, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Duty on Olive Oil, and Cheapness of Labour in neighbouring Kingdoms: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and afford such Reliefas/shall’seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his Majesty’s Gaol at Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Thomas Archer Esquire, Lord of the childerditch Manor of Childerditch, in the County of Essex, and of all, inclosure, or of the major Part of, the Freeholders and Copyholders having a Right of Common in a large Common called Childerditch Common, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Common consists of a large Traci of Land, great Part whereofns grown over 7 O with

Debtor*

Petition,

Debtors

Petition.

Offices and Employments.

Assize of Bread in London.

6 02

a° Mar tit.

A.

*735

with small unthrifty Wood; and that, so long as the said Common lies open and uninclosed, it will produce very little Profit, and is rendered incapable of Improvement, and therefore the Petitioners have agreed to inclose and divide the fame; but although such Inclosure will tend to the publick Good, and he of great Advantage to the Petitioners, and an Improvement of their Interest therein, yet, as the same cannot be effectually divided and inclosed, so as to answer the Intention of the Parties concerned, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament; therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. lien. Archer, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Tower, Mr. Longueville, Lord Sidney Beau clerk. Air, Winnington, Mr. Harley, Mr. Alderman Ileathcofe, Mr. Moore, M r. CroJJe, M r. Byng, Sir Christopher Powell) Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Plumer, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Pelham, Sir -Nicolas Williams, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Wyndham, Six Jof Penington, Lord Corn-bury, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Brereton, Dr. Lee, Sir Charles Mor~ daunt, Sir Wm. Heathcote, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Earle, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Delme, Sir Charles Banbury, Mr. Lejley, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Vere, Mr. While, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Holland, Mr. Eyles, Mr. Laroche, Lord Tyrconnel, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Wollaston; and all the Alembers who serve for the County of Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in his Majesty’s Gaol at Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, Tha.t the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and for explaining and amending so much of an Act, passed in the Second Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, and for repealing so much of ati Act of Parliament, passed in the First Year of his late Majesty King George the First, as requires Persons to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments within Three Alonths, and for limiting other Times for such Qualifications; as also for the Repeal of so much of an Act, passed 30 Car. IIdl, as relates to the sworn Servants of the King's or Queen*s Majesty, as requires Persons to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments before the End of the next Term or Quarter Sessions, and for limiting other Times for such Qualifications: And that Sir Charles Wdger, and Dr. Lee, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Master and Wardens of the Company of Bakers, in the City of London, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Bakers within the Bills of Mortality, was presented1 to the House* and read; setting forth, That the Meal Weighers, who are Officers appointed to bring in the Prices of Wheat to the Alagi-strates, in order to fix tile Assize of Bread within the City of London, make their Cockets, or Returns, of the Prices of Three different kinds of Wheat, as sold at the Market of Bear Key only; from which Three Prices of Wheat, the Assize of the Three Sorts of Bread, distinguished by the Names of White, Wheaten, and Houshold, is always ascertained; and that the best kind of WLeat at Bear Key is generally fold, in Parcels, with

Wheat of inferior Quality, at One common Price; so that the Aleal Weighers are not able to distinguish the true and real Price of the best kind of Wheat; and that the First Sort of Bread in the Assize Table, distinguished by the Name of White Bread, being that kind of Bread commonly called French Rolls, is, of late Years, greatly improved; and, in making such White Bread, the Petitioners use only the very lined Part of the Flour, produced from the choice!! kind of Wheat, collected not from Bear Key only, but from all the adjacent Markets; and even inch selected Wheat affords but a very small Quantity of this Sort of Flour, which is also used in making the fmeft kind of Fade; and that, although the fin eft Sort of Wheat, mentioned in the Cockets of the Meal Weighers, is not of a Quality fine enough to make the first Sort of Bread, called White Bread, yet the Assize of such White Bread is fixed from the Price of the First Sort of Wheat, inserted in thol’e Cockets; and that the Second Sort of Bread in the Assize Table, distinguished by the Name of Wheaten Bread (which is the best kind of large Bread, wherewith the Families within the City oi London, and Bills of Mortality, are daily served) is made intirely of the First Sort of Wheat mentioned in the Cockets ut the Aleal Weighers; and the Second Sort of Wheat, contained in those Cockets, is not of a sufficient Goodness to make such Wheaten Bread; nevertheless, the Assize of that Wheaten Bread is ascertained according to the Price of that Second Sort of Wheat, as returned by the Aleal Weighers; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the Assize of Wheaten Bread ought to be settled according to the Price of the First Sort of Wheat mentioned in the Cockets of the Meal Weighers, being the -very Grain of which the Wheaten Bread is made, and that the Assize of the White Bread ought to be advanced in proportion; and that, although the Expences attending the Trade and Business of the Petitioners are very greatly increased since the making tire Table of Assize, yet they have had 110 Allowance in respect to such Increase of Expences; and that, by these means, much the greatest Number of the Petitioners are reduced to very low Circumstances; and the most considerable amongst them, notwithstanding all their Fains, Application, and Frugality, find their Substance daily diminishing: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may he brought in for explaining and amending the Laws now in being for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread; or to give such other Relief to the Petitioners in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the A1alter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Braw/lon, Mr. Bacan, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Holland, Lord Pohcarth, Mr. Archer, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Six James Grant, Mr. Yorke, Lord Gage, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Geo*

Cafwall, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Thicks, Mr. Tozver, Mr*

Alderman Willimot, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kinaston,

Air. Danvers, Mr. Par fans, Mr. P lamer, Sir Wm. Heath- «. cole, Sir John Barnard, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Rolle, Captain Purvis, Mr. Walker, Mr. Shuttleworlh, Mr. Baplijl Leveson Goiver, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Dodington, Sir John Nor thcot. Sir Hen. Slings by, Mr. Praed\ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex,

Surrey, Kent, Hertford, and Essex, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Edward Randolph, late of London, Randolph' Merchant, 011 behalf of hi mself, and his Sureties, being Debt to ri offered to be presented to the House; Crown.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That the same of the Petitioner having been humbly represented to his Majesty, his Majesty gives his Content, that th6 House may do therein as they think fit.

Then

9 Geo. It. 2*

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was a considerable Dealer in the Tobacco Trade; and imported from Virginia very large Quantities of Tobacco, for the Duties whereof he paid to his Majesty several Thousand Pounds per Annum: That the Petitioner, having sustained great Lodes in Trade, became considerably indebted, upon several Bonds given to the Crown, for the Duties on Tobacco; which the Petitioner, and his Sureties, who also had sustained great Lodes, being unable to discharge. Extents ifi’ued thereupon; and they, and their Effects, were seized, and the Petitioner, and his Sureties, were long confined, and their Effects made over for the payment of the said Debt, whereby great Part thereof hath been satisfied; but a considerable Sum still remains unpaid, as appears by the Report of the proper Officer, annexed; which Debt, so remaining due, the Petitioner, and his Sureties, are utterly unable to discharge; and that the Petitioner, and his Sureties, are, by reason of the said Extents, unable to follow any Business, in order to support themselves, and their numerous Families; but hope, in case they shall be allowed their Liberty, that they dial I, by their industry, and Assistance of Friends, be able to raise some Money, in order to compound the said Debt, if they might be permitted so to do: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in to impower the Commissioners of his Majesty sTreasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with the Petitioner, and his Sureties, for the said Debt; or that the Petitioner may be otherwise relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Se-Vennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Pet ition.

rovery of A Petition of the People called Quakers was pre* clcftaitieai fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, esfrom notwithstanding the several Acts of Parliament made er3' for the more easy Recovery of Tythes, Church Rates, Oblations, and other Eccl efi a ft i cal Dues, in a summary Way, by Warrant from Justices of the Peace; yet, as the said People. conTcientiously refuse the payment thereof, they are not only liable to, but many of them have undergone, grievous Sufferings by Prosecution in the Exchequer, Ecclesiastical, and other Courts, to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and the Impoverishing and Ruin of them, and their Families, for such small Sums as are recoverable by those Acts: And therefore praying. That the House will be pleased to take the Premises into Consideration, and afford them such Relief therein at to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to in large, amend, and render more effectual, the Laws now in being, for the more easy Recovery of Tythes, Church Rates, and Oblations, and other Ecclesiastical Dues, from the People called Quakers: And that Mr. Glanville, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr Hen. Archer, and Mr. Hampden, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

(etzner’s A Petition of Frederick Ludowick Metzner was prehat. fented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner was born out of his Majesty’s Allegiance; but hath constantly professed the true Protestant Religion: And praying. That his Name may be inserted in the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, now depending before this House, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Lys.

Ordercdy That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

plying A Petition of Thomas Smith Esquire, Lord of the Ma-

fmouth nor of Farlington, in the County of Southampton, was ater* presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there being a great want of good and wholesome Water for supplying the Town of Portsmouth, the Garrison, publick Offices, and Ships of \\ ar, the Petitioner hath been encouraged to find out Means of supplying the same with good Water; and that the Petitioner has Vol. 22.

thereupon lately discovered several Springs in the said Manor of Farlington, at the Distanfce only of Four Miles, and from whence good and wholesome Water may be conveyed, sufficient to supply the said Town; which Water the Petitioner is willing to undertake to convey to the said Town, for the Services aforesaid:

But as the conveying the said Water pure and wholesome will be attended with great Expenbe, therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner to supply the said Town, and Parts adjacent, with good and wholesome Water, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lieiipon the Table.

A Petition of the Merchants of London trading to,

Cadiz, and Port St. Afary's, in the Kingdom of Spain, 1 Acadia was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That it has been customary, Time immemorial, for the Consul, with the Majority of the British Merchants and Factors residing at Cadiz, and Port St. Mary's, to receive certain small Sums upon Tonnage, and Bale Goods imported into that Bay in British Vessels; which Sums have been applied for answering and defraying the common and unavoidable Expences of the said Merchants and Fabtors, in the Defence of their Privileges, and for Relief of fliipwrecked Mariners, and others his Majesty’s Subjects in Necessity and Distress, and for other charitable Purposes; and the likeCustom is observed by the Factors and Merchants of other Nations, pursuant to Edicts of their respective Sovereigns, granted for that Purpose: That, although this Design, so carried on, hath been found to be of great Lfe and Benefit for the Purposes aforesaid, yet several Persons trading to those Places, have, of late Years, refused to comply with the Payment of the said small Sums, the said Custom not having beenestablished by Authority sufficient to compel an Obedience to it; and, for want of such Authority, the Money collected hath very much diminillied, the Collection fallen very unequal upon several of the said Fabiors and Traders, and the publick Fund arising therefrom hath proved insufficient for answering all the good Purposes intended by it; which occasions the Affairs of the said Factory to suffer very much, and several of his Majesty’s Subjects fliipwrecked, or otherwise distressed, to be reduced to the greatest Extremities, who otherwise might be supported, were the Powers sufficient for the more equal and effectual collecting the small Sums necessary for such publick Uses and Services: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, or that such other Relief may be given as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir John Barnard, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Lord Polivarth* Mr. Sandys, Siv John Rush-out. Sir Thomas Saunderson, Sir James Grant, Mr.

Hume Campbell, Mr. Yorke, Lord Gage, Mr. P[umpire,

Mr. Finch, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Fox, Mr. Archer, Mr.

Gybbon, Mr. Alderman Willimott, Mr. Bathurji, Sir Christopher Powell, Mr. Harley, Mr. Nezoland, Mr.

Lyttelton, Mr. May, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Cojler, Sijr Abraham Ellon, Sir Hen. Slingsby, Mr. Danvers, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Vere, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Tower, Mr.

Pollen, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Eyles, Mr. Laroche, Mr.

Wollaston, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, MrWinnington, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Moore,

Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Byng, Mr. Croft; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And havePower to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the there-underwritten Merchants and Recovery of Traders of the City of JLondon, in behalf of themselves, Shipwrecks, and other the Merchants and Traders of Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the barbarous Custom of plundering of Ships wrecked, or

driven

604 a* Martii. 173$*

driven oh Shore, in this. Kingdom, of their Cargoes, and examine JoJluia Wilson, in order to disqualify John destroying their Tackle; and treating the Mariners in Maken, who voted for the said Sitting Member at the a most cruel Manner, if they offer the lead: Resistance, said Election.

or make any Attempt to rescue or fare any Part of And the Copies of the Books called the original Poll such Ships or Cargoes; and setting forth, That, in other Books of the said Election, produced by Robert Appleton Nations, effectual Provision is made for preventing such Deputy Clerk of the Peace for the East Riding of the Attempts, by appointing Officers to take care of Ships said County, which Copies were delivered in upon wrecked, ami to render just Accounts to the Proprietors, Tuesday last, being referred to;

of their Goods saved; and although there are in this And the Counsel for the said Sitting Member having Kingdom sundry Laws, now in being, to make such objected, That the said Copies were not true Copies; Offences Felony, yet it is impracticable to convict the The Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Offenders, by reason of some Defers in such Laws: The Counsel were again called in.

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises Then the Counsel for the said Petitioners examined into Consideration, and to give such Relief as to the the said Witness, in order to disqualify the said John House tliall seem meet. Maken, as having had no Freehold, at the time of the

Ordered, ['hat Leave be given to bring in a Bill to said Election, in the Place where he then swore that his

render the Laws, now in being, more effectual for Freehold did lie:

saving and recovering Ships and Goods wrecked, or And the said Witness having proceeded to give Evi-driven on Shore, by distress of Weather, or otherwise: dence of that Disqualifieation, by relating the Con-

And that Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Bevati, and Sir fession of the said John Maken; and being interrupted,

John Barnard, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. in giving that Evidence, by the Counsel for the said Sitting Member, who objected to the Admifiaon Ways Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from thereof; and Means, tile Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- And the Counsel for the said Petitioners having ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for been heard, in Answer to that Objection; raising the Supply granted to his Majesty. the Resolu- And the Counsel for the said Sitting Member having tions which they had directed him to report to the replied to that Answer;:

House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards And the Journal of the House, of the 16th of April delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same 1734, in relation to Part of five Report from the Com-v were read; and are as follow; viz. mittee of Privileges and Elections, in the same of the

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Election for the County of Northumberland, touching That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Ma- the Evidence produced by the Counsel for the Peti-jesty, his Majesty be enabled to borrow of any Person tioner, to disqualify several of the Sitting Member’s or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, any Sum or Voters, by the Conieffjon of the Parties, being read;

Sums of Money, not exceeding Six hundred thousand The Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Pounds, at an Interest not exceeding Three Poundspc?* And the Resolution of the House, of the 12th Day Centum ytr Annum, by Loans to be charged upon the of February last, in the same of the Election for the Bo-Surplusses, Excess’es, or Overplus-monies, commonly rough of Southwark, against admitting the Petitioner’s called the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament. Counsel to examine Thomas Gaman> in Contradiction Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, to his Oath, being read;

That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, And the Resolution of the House, of Thursday laftr the Sum of Two Shillings in the Pound, and no more, for admitting Parole Evidence, as to a Person being no be raised, in the Year 1736, upon Lands, Tenements, Freeholder, who sworehimselfto be a Freeholder, being Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, also read;

in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, Resolved, That the Counsel for the Petitioners be ad-

and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that a pro- mitted to give Evidence as to what a Voter confessed of portionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the his having no Freehold, who, at the Time of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Election, swore he had.

Britain called Scotland. Then the Counsel were again called in; and Mr.

The laid Refutations, being severally read a Second speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution. time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Then the Counsel for the said Petitioners finished agreed to by the House. their Examination of the said Joshua in order

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, pur- to disqualify the said John Maken and also examined fuantto the said Resolutions: And that Sir Charles the said Joshua Wilfin, and several other Witnesses, in Turner, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Dod- order to disqualify several other Persons who voted for ington. Sir George Oxenden, the Lord Sundon, Mr. At- the said Sitting Member at the said Election. torney General, Mr*Solicitor General, Mr. Scroper and

Mr. Edward Walpole, do prepare, and bring in, the And* Witness having been examined, in order to same disqualify One of those Persons, to whom the Peti-

tioners, in the Lift by them delivered, pursuant to the Norfolk The Order of the Day being read, for the Hearing, at Order of the House of Friday the 16th Day of January Election. gar of this House, the Matter of the Petition of ,aft> had objected. That he was not assessed, nor had a the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the I reehold of 40 s. per Annum, in the Place where, at the County of Norfolk, whose Names are thereunto tab- *\*ne Eleaion, he (wore that his Freehold

feribed, in behalf of themselves, and a great Number,

more of the Freeholders of the said County, complain- And the Evidence of that Witness tending to prove, ing of aa undue Election and Return for the said that such Person had no Freehold at all there;

County *, The Counsel for the said Sitting Member objected to

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be ^e Admission thereof: heard at the Bar of this House, apon this Day Fort- , And the Counsel for the said Petitioners having been

' heard, in Answer to that Objection;

And the Counsel for the said Sitting Member having

The House proceeded, according Ito Order, to the replied to that Answer;

Xleffior. further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions The Counsel were again directed to withdraw.

complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Resolved, That the Counsel for the Petitioners be ad-

County of York. mitted to give Evidence as to a Person’s having no

And the Counsel were called in Freehold at all, to whom the Petitioners objected in

And the Counsel for the Petitioner Sir Rowland Winn their Lift of Objections, that such Person had not a Baronet, and the other Petitioners, whose Petition com- Freehold of 40s. per Annum.

plains of an undue Election and Return of Sir Miles Then the Counsel were again called in; and Mr. Stapyllon Baronet tar the said County, proceeded to Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

15, And

p Geo. II. i* — 30 $og

And then the Cotmfel were again directed to withdraw. Ordered, That the further nearing of the Matters of the said Petitions be adjourned till Thursday Morning next

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 30 die Martii \

Anno 9* Georgii II. Regis, 1735.

Prayers.

OIR Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee to O whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing the Common Field called Alderminster Common Field, Common Paiiurcs, and other Common Grounds, in die Parish of Alderminster, in the County of Worcester, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and atterwnnls delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Qurftion fever&ily put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

ftdiefof The House being informed, that feme of the Com-Uaacery. ro^on^rs for Stamp Duties attended at the Door;

They were called in; and at the Bar, presenti*d to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Grofe and Net Produce of the additional Stamp I)utv granted by an Act, of the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancehr, difiinguidling each Year.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be penned by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the oilier Papers of tliU Session.

the feme may lo explain the aforesaid Act, of the 7th Year of his late Majesty King George the First, that k may be for the general Good of foe Woolen and Silk Manufacture.

Ordered, That the said Petition do He hpdn foe Tables until foe laid Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the principal Traders id foe Woolen Olive-oil Manufacture within and near foe Town of Taunton, in used ty the County of Someijct, was presented to the House, and c,othiert* read; complaining of the Duty upon Olive-oil; And therefore praying, That they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That foe said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Linen-drapers of the City of London Wearing was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That of printed great Quantities of Stuffs made of Linen Yam and C*ll»cdea. Cotton Wool, have, for several Years pall, been manufactured, printed, and painted, in this Kingdom, and used and worn in Apparel and Furniture; and complaining of the Prosecutions fat on foot, and Advertisements pubhlhed, to deter People from the using and wearing of the feme; and fitting forth, That foe Petitioners conceive, that it Was not the Intention of the I^giflature to prohibit or discourage, by the Act of foe 7th Year of his late Majesty s Reign, so large and beneficial a Manufacture of this Kingdom, nor to deprive the Petitioners, and others, from dealing in a Commodity wholly manu-fuftured in Great Britain, and which is of so great Advantage, and brim's in so considerable an annual Income, to the Publick: And therefore praying, That the Bill, now depending in this House, to explain an Act, passed in the Seventh War of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to preserve and encourage the Woolen and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom* and for more effectual employing the Poor, by prohibiting the Use and Wear of all printed, painted, stained, or dyed Callicoes, in Apparel, Houfiioid-ftufT, Furniture, or otherwise, after the 25th Day of December 1722, except as is therein excepted, so far as relates to Goods made of Linen Yam, and Cotton Wool, manufactured in Great Britain, mav pass into a Law; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until foe said Bill be read a Second time*

Wiring A Petition of the Gentlemen, Land-owners, and of printed Occupiers of Land, Wool-ftapiers. Wool-combers,.

Caliitoef. Wcavera, and others, dealing and trading in the Woolen Manufacture, in the City' of Peterborough, and several of the Towns, Villages, and Places thereunto adjacent, on behalf of themselves, and many others. Growers of Wool, and employed in the Manufacture thereof, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners ore apprt hensive, that, (boulathe Bill to explain an Act, passed in the Sev enth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, King George foe First, intituled, An Act to preserve and encourage the Woolen and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for more effectually employing the Poor, by prohibiting the Use and Wear of all printed, painted, stained, or dyed Callicoes, in Apparel, Houshold-ltuff, Furniture, or otherwise, after foe 25th Day of December 1722, except as is therein excepted, so far as relates to Goods made of Linen Yarn, and Cotton Wool manufactured in Great Britain, pase into a Law, the Woolen and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom will be very much prejudiced thereby; and the Price of Wool, and the Mauufacture thereof, will be lowered, and the Home Consumption lessened; to the great Damage of the Petitioners, and foe utter Ruin of several poor Families in font City, and Places adjacent, employed in the Woolen Manufacture: And therefore praying the House, That Confederation may be had to the Premises; and that there may not be any thing in the said Act contained that may in anywise prejudice or hinder the Woolen or Silk Manufacture of this Kingdom; but that Vol. 22.

A Bill to enable Robert Kendall Esquire, now called Kendall’a Robert Cater Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Name. Surname of Cater only, was read a Second time*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Barnard, Sir Orlando Bridgman, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Conduit t, Mr. Lumley, Mr. Treby, Mr. Parsons, Sir James Grant, Mr. Archer, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Alderman Perry, Sir Charles Vernon, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Longuo-ville, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Shuttleworth, Lord Polwarth, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Crqffe, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Gage, Mr. Alderman Willimoti, Colonel Onslow, Mr.

Earle, Mr. RawlinfonEarle, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Compton,

Mr. Hucks, Mr. Robert Hucks, Mr. Yorke; and all the Members who serve for the County of Bedfordi and City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Mr. Archer reported from the Committee, to whom st. Paul, the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Covent St. Paul, Cacent Garden, within the Liberty of the City ^?rjjen of Westminster, was referred, That the Committee had wftch^ examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table; Where the feme was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove foe Allegations thereof

7P X An

Slower

Navigation.

1505 ' 2° Mar Hu , 1735.

An Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the Parishes of St. James, and St. George, Hanover-square, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster, was laid before the Committee.

And the following Witnesses were examined; viz.

Mr. Munyard: Who laid. That, about a Year ago, as he was coming home about Two o’Clbck in the Morriing, he found the Watchman gone from his Stand, which was next to the Wltnels’s House, m King-street, Covent Garden: That, about Three o’Clock the same Morning, his Shop was broke open, and he loft Goods to the Value of £. 30; and might have suffered further Damage, if the Beadle, then coming his Round, had not alarmed him.

Mr. Serjeant Dickens said, That he, often suspecting the Watchman near his House to be alleep, ordered his Servant, one Night, to take away his Lantern; which he did, without the Watchman’s Knowledge; and that he has often met the said Watchman crying the Hour, without either Lantern or Staff, only a Walking-(tick.

Mr. Dowdejzvell said, That there used to be a Watch-man’s Stand at the Corner of Maiden-lane, which is now' removed; fmee which, the Witness has loft several Iron Rails, and Leaden Pipes ,* for wdiich reason the Witness now refuses to pay the Watch Rate.

And it further appeared to the Committee, That several Iron Rails, and Bars from Windows, have been stolen, which was occasioned by the Negligence of the Watch in the said Parish.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the Parish of St. Paul\ Covent Garden, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster: And that Mr. Archer, the Lord Gage, and Colonel Lyddell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Brampston reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Mills adjoining to, and near, the River Stozver, in the Counties of Essex and Suffolk, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Mills near the said River, was referred, That the Committee, had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows: viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, of the 12th Instant, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof,

The Petitioners laid before the Committee, an Act of Parliament, passed in the 4th and .5th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for making the River Stozver navigable from Maningtree, in the County of Essex, to the Town of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk; by which Act, Undertakers were appointed to make the said River navigable, under certain Directions, Restrictions, and Limitations; and Commissioners were also appointed to settle and determine all Differences between the Undertakers, and such Persons whose Lands or Properties might be injured by such Navigation; and upon the Death of any of the said Commissioners, or their Refusal to act, any Fifteen of the surviving Commissioners w'ere impowered to appoint others in their stead: Then,

Thomas Burman Esquine, being examined, said, That, in pursuance of the said Act, the Undertakers cut the Banks and Land adjoining to the said River, without making Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such Land, as thereby is directed; and have likewise erected Locks, Stanches, and other Works, in order to carry on the said Navigation; and thereby have done, and full continue to do, great Damage to the said Owners and Occupiers:

That the said Undertakers have neither purchased nor set out Towing-paths upon the Banks of the said River: 16

but that the Bargemen frequently make new, and vary their Haling-paths through the Grass, when fit to be cut down.

But he said, That the said Undertakers had compounded with some few of such Owners and Occupiers for Haling-paths; but that, being threatened, by others of the said Occupiers, with the Commencement of Suits, on account of Damages, done, as aforesaid, they made Answer, That they would fell out their Shares in the said Navigation, and that then such Owners and Occupiers might get Satisfaction as they could.

The laid Mr. Burman further said, That most Part of the Commissioners named, in the said Act, for awarding Satisfaction, and adjusting Disputes, as before-mentioned, being dead, others were nominated in the Year 1719; which Nomination was deposited in the Hands of one Mr. Hooper, then a Servant to the fair! Undertakers, with Directions to have it registered with the Clerk of the Peace either for the County of Essex or Suffolk, as the Act: required; but it doth not appear, that it was lo registered:

That the Examinant hath been at Law, on account of Damages he sustained; and, in 1721, brought a Bill in Equity, to discover who were the Undertakers; but was long delayed by means of the Undertakers evasive Answers, and frequent Disposal of their Shares to Pei Ions whole Names he could never find out (there being no Direction in the Act for a Registry in that Cafe), until he obtained an Order of the Court of Chancery to inspect their Books; upon which they agreed with him, and made him Satisfaction:

That, in the Year 1719, about So Commissioners were nominated; and that about 27 of those named in the Act were living in the Year 1731, when a new Nomination w as then made: That, at a Meeting held in the Year 1 733. by the Commissioners ehofe in 1731, many Disputes arose in relation to the several Nominations and Appointments of the Commissioners so made, by reason wdiereof the Owners and Occupiers of Lauds have been, and are, deprived of the Means of ascertaining their Damages by the Mediation of the Commissioners, or Assessments of Juries; and that the Methods and Rules prescribed, in the said Act, for giving Recompence for Damages, as aforesaid, and for recovering the fame, have been found defective.

He said further, That the Commissioners nominated in 1731, at a Meeting, allowed Time to the Undertakers, for One Year, to agree with the Owners of Lands for the Damages done; but, the Undertakers only agreeing with some few of such Owners within that Time, a Jury was summoned and impanelled, as the Act directs; who gave in their Verdict; but the Undertakers gave no Regard to it, telling the Commissioners, That the Nomination in 1731 wgs irregular, as it exceeded the Number limited by the Act; not regarding the Nomination in 1719, which is not registered as the Act requires.

Joseph Hankey Esquire said, That, by the Nomination in the Year 1731, he, with several others, were appointed Commissioners; and that publick Notice was given to the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, and to the Undertakers, of the said Commissioners meeting in 1733; who met several times to mediate, settle, and determine, all Damages, and to adjust all other Matters, about which any Disputes had arisen, concerning, the Premises; and the Commissioners recommended to the Undertakers to compromise the same with the said Owners and Occupiers, and allowed them some time for that Purpose; which the said Undertakers neglecting, further Application was made, by such Owners and Occupiers, to the Conmiissioners; who met again; apd, when the Undertakers fouild that the Commissioners were going to proceed to order Satisfaction to the said Owners and Occupiers, who had long suffered by the Navigation, they told them, That there had been a Nomination of Commissioners in 1719; which most of the Commissioners present, till then, were ignorant of:. Whereupon they ordered Mr. Paris, who acted as Clerk, to look for that Nomination amongst

the

.Margaret,

&c.

estrainster.

Nightly

Watch.

9 Geo. II. 3° Mdrti doy.

the Papers delivered by Mr. Cole, the former Clerk *, where it was found, and produced at the Meeting of the Commissioners the Day following: That thereupon the Undertakers told the Commifii oners, that they were not legal Commissioners, the Nomination made in 1731 not being valid, because they had exceeded, including the Nomination in 1719, the Number of Commissioners appointed by the Act, which they never produced, though often called upon so to do; but the Commissioners examined the said Act, to fee which of the Commissioners so named were dead, and who were dead in the Nomination of Commissioners made in 1719, and how many of that Nomination were again named in 1731; and, upon such Examination, were of Opinion, That the Nomination of 1731 did not exceed the Number contained in the Act; and so proceeded to hear several of the Complainants, in relation to the Damages done them by continuing the Navigation: Whereupon the Undertakers, in order to deter the Commissioners from proceeding, threatened, that Informations should be brought against them in the Kings Bench, if they proceeded to act as Commissioners: upon which the Examinant did not venture to meet any more as a Commissioner, for fear of the Consequence.

The said Mr. Hankey also confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Burman, That the Methods and Rules in the Act mentioned, for Payment of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands for such Damages as they have or may sustain in their Properties by the Navigation, and for procuring Satisfaction for the fame, are found defective.

And the said Mr. Burman and Mr. Hankey said, That they, and several other Owners and Occupiers of Lands, have advised with several Counsel, touching the several Matters complained of in the said Petition; who were all of Opinion, that the Act is defective in several Parts; and that the Owners and Occupiers of Lands cannot be relieved, unless the said Act be explained and amended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 4th and Fifth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for making the River Stower navigable from the Town of Maningtree, in the County of Essex, to the Town of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk: And that Mr. Bramp-ston, Mr. Price, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Hooper, and Mr. Alderman IJcathcote, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Crosse reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Vestries and Inhabitants of the Parishes of St. Margaret, and St. John the Evangelist, in the City of Westminster, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and aferwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Ordef of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations of the fame, the Petitioners laid before the Committee,

An Act, passed in the 10th Year of the Reign of her fete Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Time given to the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty, pursuant to an Act for granting to her Majesty several Duties upon Coals, for building Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, and other Purposes therein mentioned; and also for giving the said Commissioners further Powers for better effecting the lame; and for appointing Monies for rebuilding the Parish Church of St. Mary Wolnoth, in the City of London; by which it appeared, That the Commissioners of the Fifty new Churches were impowered to appoint Districts for any of the said Churches that should be built; and that, until a perpetual Division of any Parish should be made, pursuant to the Powers given to the said Commissioners, the Church Rates, Poor Rates, and Rates for the Highways, and other Parish Rates, should be alfelfed and levied within and through all the Parts and Districts' which should be-Vol. £2.

long to the then present Parish; and also produced the Instrument by which a District was appointed for the said new Church, situate near Milbank, within the City of Westminster:

And also an Act, passed in the First Year of his present Majesty s Reign, for making Provision for the Rector of the said new Church situate near Milbank, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Then,

The Reverend Mr. Griffith was examined: Who said.

That the said Church was consecrated on the 20th Day of June 1728; and the District; allotted thereto hath been since called by the Name of the Parish of St. John the Evangeist.

Mr. Humphry Drew being examined, said, That no perpetual Division of the Parishes of St. Margaret and St. John has yet been made; but that all Parochial Rates , except only the Rate for the Maintenance of the Minister of the said new Church; have been, and now are, in pur-‘ fuance of the first-mentioned Act, levied and collected through both the said Parishes, in the same Manner as if no Division had been made*

John Lawton Esquire said, That the well-ordering and regulating a Nightly Watch, and the Beadles, within the'

City of Westminster, is highly necessary for the Preserva- tion of the said City, and the Security of the Lives and Properties of the Inhabitants thereof, the present Number of Watchmen not being sufficient to take care of the said Parishes; and that the Laws now in being are not sufficient for the appointing and paying such Nightly Watch.

Frederick Vincent, Beadle, said. That he collects the Rate or Assessment made for Payment of the Watchmcir of the said Parishes; and several Inhabitants have refused the Payment thereof; and that a great Deficiency happens every Year; and the Laws in being are not sufficient to compel the Payment thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadle^ within the Parishes of St. Margaret, and St. John the.

Evangelist, within the City and Liberties of Westminster:

And that Mr. Crosse, and Sir Robert Grosvenor, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House, according Supply Bill; to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Laud Tax. Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1736: And the same was received; and read the First time.

liefolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. committees.

The Resolutions of the Committee appointed, in the poor LawSi last Session of Parliament, to consider of the Laws in being relating to the Maintenance and Settlement of the Poor, and to consider what further Provisions may be necessary for their better Relief and Employment, reported the Second Day of May last, and the Resolutions of the House thereupon, of the 7th Day of the same Month, were read:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, and for the more effectual punishing Rogues and Vagabonds; and for reducing the Laws relating to the Poor, and to Rogues and Vagabonds, into One Law: And that Mr. Hay, Mr.

Hooper, and Mr. Pollen, do prepare, and bring in, the fame*

Mr. Alderman WiUimott reported from she Committee; Sail-cloth to whom the Petition of the Makers of Sail-cloth, and Manufacture, others, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of the Poor of this Kingdom, employed in the manufacturing thereof, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as follows; viz.

608 $° Martii.

The CotfMiktee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof, the following Witnesses were examined; viz.

Mr. James Church: Who said, Thai; the Manufacture of Sail-cloth of this Kingdom is, of late Years, brought to lo great Perfection, that it is of equal Goodness, and in many Respects superior, to the Cloth of any other Country, the Thread being spun finer, struck closer, and much evener, and made of better Materials: That he had exported several Bolts of Ejiglish Sail-cloth to New England, and St. Christophers where it was highly approved of; but that the same cannot be fold so cheap as Jtuffia Sail-cloth, though it is now fold £. 20 per Cent. -cheaper th&n what it was 3,0 Years ago:

That the Witness had 500 Bolts of Sail-cloth lent him from Russia to dispose of; but, it being much inferior to the Sail-cloth manufactured in England, he refused the said Commission, becausb he would encourage the English Manufacture.

Mr. William Blakeway, Sail-maker, and Captain 'Thomas King, confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. James Church, as to the English Sail-cloth being of equal Goodness, and in many Respects superior, to the Sail-cloth of any other Country.

Mr. Blakeway further said, That, if further Encouragement was given to the said Manufacture, the Poor of all Sorts might be employed; and £. 200,000 per Annum would be saved to the Nation, which is now paid for the Imports of foreign Sail-cloth.

And Captain King added, That the English Sail-cloth is better than foreign; he having experienced the Goodness of it by binding a Sail made of the best Holland's Duck to one Yard, and English Sail-cloth to another Yard; and that the English Cloth lasted as long, and wore better than the Holland's Duck.

Mr. Samuel Gower, Manufacturer of Sail-cloth, said, That Persons of both Sexes, from Seven to Seventy Years of Age, are employed in the said Manufacture, and get a Livelihood, who otherwise, some, by reason of their tender Age, and others, by reason of the Infirmities of old Age, being incapable of other Labour, must necessai ily become burdensome to their several Parishes:

That there are great Numbers of the said Manufacturers in this Kingdom, many whereof live in or near tooft of the Sea Ports; and employ great Numbers of poor Children in spinning of Yarn, and turning the Wheels-, and the ancient stople ia spinning, and winding of Quills for the Weavers.

Mr. John Garwdy feid, That, about a Year and Half since, hefet up a Manufacture of Sail-cloth at Worcester, where formerly a Woolen Manufacture had been carried on for making Broad Cloths for the Turkey Trade; which falling to Decay, he had reason to believe, that the Persons employed in the Woolen Manufacture would easily faH into the Method of making Sail-cloth; and, upon Tryal, he found, that the Weavers of the Woolen Cloths soon made themselves Mailers of the Weaving of Sail cloth; and that, if he had not set up this Manufacture, great N umbers of Poor of that Place, now employ-fed, must have become burdensome to their respective SParishes:

That Boys, Girls, old Men, and Women, are employed in Spinning of Yarn, Turning of Wheels, and Winding of Quills, and get the same Wages as they used to do when employed in the Manufacturing of Woolen Goods; and that he works upwards of 50 Looms, and each Loom employs upwards of 20 Persons, in the several Branches Of the said Manufacture.

Mr. John Pincock, Manufacturer of Sail-cloth, confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Gower and Mr. Gar-1my, of Persons ot both Sexes being employed in the said Manufacture, from Seven to Seventy Years of Age: And he further said, That, some time since, he worked 38 Looms; but, finding the Trade decline, he has reduced them to 28: That he could have fold great Quantities of English Sail-cloth to Merchants, for Exportation; but

4.1735.

they would not havfe it, because they could have Sailcloth of Raffia Two Pence per Yard cheaper, even with the Benefit of the present Bounty considered; and that the Russia Sail-cloth is not so good as the English; and that, if the English Manufacturers were enabled to reduce the Price of their Cloth 2 d. a Yard, it would have the Preference of foreign Sail -cloth, and there would footi be Looms and Hands sufficient to supply all Merchants for Shipping, and for Exportation.

Then the Petitioners laid before thfe Committee, an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and also another Act, passed in the Fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for theincreasing and making the said Manufacture more extensive in this Kingdom; Which said last mentioned Act being rfead;

Mr. Geo. JFaple, Factor for English Sail-cloth, said, That, notwithstanding the Encouragement given by the said Acts, the same is found* by Exjxjrience, not sufficient to reduce the Price of British Sail-cloth to dn Equality with the Sail-cloth imported from foreign Countries; and that he has always been defeated in his Attempts to fell thfe English Sail-cloth; the Russia Sail-cloth being 2 d. per Yard cheaper, though not lb good; That he had received Orders from several Merchants to lend them English Sail-cloth; but that their Sail-makers persuaded them to the Use of Russia Sail-cloth, it being so much cheaper.

And he further said, That the best English Sail-cloth is 24 Inches wide, and each Piece 40 Yards long, and can^ not be sold for less than 15 d. per Yard; but is better and more durable, than the Russia, each Piece of which is about 30 Inches wide, and 38 Yards long, which is fold for 12 d. per Yard, or under.

Mr. Blakeway confirmed the last Part of the Evidence given by Mr. JVaple; and added, That the last Contraft made with the Commissioners of the Navy, for Sail-cloth, was at the Price of about Fourteen Pence Halfpeny per Yard; but that it was the lowest they ever made; and that the English Sail-cloth is so much better in Quality than the Russia, as the Difference is in Breadth; and that Sail-cloth 24 Inches wide is stronger than that of Thirty; for that, the more Seams there is in a Sail, the stronger it is.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolveitfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Sir Hen. Narthcote reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of Exon, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from ^he Lords, by Mr. Eide and Mr. Edivards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal the Statute, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act against Conjuration, Witchcraft, and dealing with evil and wicked Spirits; except so much thereof as repeals an Act, of the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, against Conjurations, Inchantments, and Witchcrafts, with feme Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, that Mr. Oxen ford, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Dopr;

He

Exon City 1 nprove-ment.

Repeal 1 Jar. I. against Witchcm

Cotton1 impor

>tton\Vool

&c.

;x ported.

earing printed j illicoes.

9 Geo. II.

3° — 4° Martii. 609

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, the Return of the said Commissioners, to the Order of the House of Yesterday, with an Account of the Quantity of Cotton Wool imported from the British Plantations in America, from Christmas 1710 to Christmas 1718; distinguishing each Year: And also*

An Account of Cotton Wool and Cotton manufactured, exported from England to foreign Parts, from Christmas 1711 to Christmas 1734; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Return was read.

Ordered, That the said Return and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Return and Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to explain an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to preserve and encourage the W'oolen and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for more effectual employing the Poor, by prohibiting the Use and Wear of all printed, painted, stained, or dyed Callicoes, in Apparel, Houshold-stuff, Furniture, or other wise, after the 25 th Day of December 1722, except as is therein excepted, so far as relates to Goods made of Linen Yarn and Cotton Wool manufactured in Great Britain;

The Counsel for and against the said Bill were called in.

And the Bill was read a Second time.

And the several Petitions which were presented to the House for and against the said Bill, and ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Second Reading thereof, were also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners against the said Bill were heard.

And the said Act, made in the 7th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, being reajJ;

And the Journal of the House, of the 29th Day of March 1720, in relation to the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for preserving and encouraging the Woolen and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for the more effectual employing the Poor, by prohibiting the Use and Wear of all printed, painted, stained, or dyed Callicoes and Linens, except only such Linens as are of the Growth and Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland; was committed; and the Proceedings of the House upon the Clause, offered to be added to the said Bill, in favour of Cotton Cloth manufactured within this Kingdom; being read;

And the Journal of the House, of the 14th Day of February following, in relation to the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to preserve and encourage the Woolen and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for the more effectual employing the Poor, by prohibiting the Use and Wear of all printed, painted, stained, or dyed Callicoes, in Apparel, Houshold-stuff, Furniture, or otherwise; was committed; and the Proceedings of the House, upon an Amendment proposed to be made to Clause A, being one of the Amendments then reported from the said Committee; being also read;

The Counsel for the Petitioners examined several Witnesses.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

They were again called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners against the said Bill examined several other Witnesses; and summed up their Evidence.

And then the Coufel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel, upon the said Bill, be adjourned till Friday next, Twelve of the Clock.

The other Orders of the Day being read:

Vol. 22.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Supply, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole an ean*' House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Stirling of Privileges and Elections, who, by an Instruction given Election, to them by the House upon Friday last, are ordered to hear, upon this Day, the Matter of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election for the Shire of Stirling,

That they do hear the Matter of the said Petitions upon Friday next.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 40 die Martii;

Anno 9* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1735;

Praters.

f\RDE RED, That the proper Officer do lay before Foreign this House, an Account of what Duties have been Spirit* paid at the Custom-house in London, and the Out Ports, Sported, for foreign Spirits and Brandies imported, from Mid-fa mer 1716 to Midsummer 1733; distinguishing each Year, and under what Denomination of Brandy the Duty was paid for the same.

An ingrossed Bill for the better regulating the Nightly St. Martin Watch, and Beadles, within the Parish of St. Martin in in the Field® the Fields, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster, was read the Third time. atch'

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster.

Ordered, That Mr. Winnington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Finch, of Maidstone, reported from the Committee, Rochester to to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in Maidstone the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, Hoads.

An Act for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from the House called the Sign of the Bells, in the Parish of St* Margaret's, in Rochester, to Maidstone, and other Road# therein mentioned, in the County of Kent, was committed,

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the said Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bo ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Devereux be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to render the Laws now in being more effectual for saving and recovering Ships and Goods wrecked, or driven on Shore, by Distress of Weather, or otherwise*

A Bill for. enlarging the Term and Powers granted Beconsfield by an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Iieigu of his Roads.

7 Q late

Recovery of Shipwreck®.

Committee

of

Privilege*.

1

ii

610 4? Marti A. 1735.

late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Beconsfield\ in the County of Bucks, to Stoken Church, in the County of Oxon, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harry Waller, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Aijla-bie, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Fane, Mr. Hooper, Dr. Lee, Mr. Fox, Sir Hen. Slingsby, Mr. Earle, Mr. Gore, Mr. Winnington, Sir James Grant, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Archer, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Dun-comb, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Robert Hucks, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Vere, Mr. Laroche, Sir Henry Northcot, Mr. Mostyn, Mr. PapiUon, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Edwards, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Huxley, Sir Thomas Read\ Mr. Kent, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Thompson, Sir Geo. Wynne, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Jemiyn Dovers, Mr. Packer, Lord Charles Cavendish, Mr. Wollaston, Mr. Corbett, Sir Charles Turner, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Glanville, Sir Jeremy Sambrooke, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Holland; and all the Members whoserve for the Counties of Bucks, Oxford, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s, Chamber.

St. Anne’s The Lord Sundoti reported from the Committee, to Westminster whom the Petition of the Vestry and Inhabitants of the Watch & c I>ar*®1 St. Anne, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, have examined the Matter of the Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof,

An Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the better regulating the Nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the Parishes of St. James, and St. George, Hanover Square, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster, was laid before the Committee.

Then the following Witnesses were examined; viz.

John Heard and Theodore Smith Esquires: Who said. That several of the Inhabitants of the said Parish have had leaden Spouts, belonging to their Houses, carried away in the Night-time; and that Persons have frequently been insulted in the Streets, within the said Parish; the Caule whereof, the Witnesses attributed to the Irregularity of the Watch.

Wm. Youjig Esquiresaid, That a Gentleman, inhabiting in the Parish, complained to him, that his House had been attempted to be broke open, Three several times in One Week.

Mr. Burchett, Collector of the Nightly Watch Rate, said, That when he went about to the Inhabitants to colle6b the Rates, several of them refused to pay him, infilling, That he ha.d no Power to compel them to it.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better regulating the Nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the Parish of St. Anne, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster: And that the Lord Sundon, Colonel Onslow, and Sir Charles Wager, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Stamford Ordered, That the several Reports from the Committee and Leweg of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election and Elections. Return for the Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, and for the Borough of Lewes, in the County of Sussex be received upon Monday Morning next.

Indemnify- An ingrossed Bill to indemnify Persons who have ingOmissions omitted to make and subscribe the Declarations contained tofigH De- jn Act of Uniformity, of the 13th and 14th Years of darations. j^ing Charles the Second, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for doing thereof; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify Persons who. have omitted to

read the Prayers, and make and subscribe the Declarations, directed to be read, made, and subscribed, by the Act of Uniformity, of the 13th and 14th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, within the Time limited by Law^; and for allowing further Time for doing thereof.

Ordered, That Sir George Oxenden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay Import before this House, an Account of all the Goods and from Merchandize imported at the Port of London, and the Out Ports, from Russia, Riga, and Narva, from Christmas 1729 to Christmas 1735; distinguishing each Year, and Port.

A Bill to rendef more effectual an Act, passed in the Impon^ first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, an Act for the preventing fresh Filli taken by ForeigneVs being imported into this Kingdom; and for the Preservation of the Try of Fife; and for giving Leave to import Lobsters and Turbots in foreign Bottoms; and for the better Preservation of Salmon within several Rivers, in that Part of this Kingdom called England; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole I House, upon the said Bill. I

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act I to naturalize Henry Lys, was read the First time. I

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. I

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Repeal«f Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, iJac.I. An Act to repeal the Statute, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act ^c against Conjuration, Witchcraft, and dealing with evil and wicked Spirits, except so much thereof as repeals an Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, against Conjuration, Inchantments, and Witchcrafts.

And the said Amendments were once read; and are os follow; viz.

At the End of the Bill, add Clauses marked A and B:

A: " And be it further enacted, by the Authority " aforesaid, That, from and after the said Twenty-fourth " Day of June, the Act, passed in the Parliament of " Scotland, in the Ninth Parliament of Queen Mary,

" intituled, Anentis Witchcrafts, shall be, and is hereby,

" repealed

B: " And be it further enacted, That, from and after " the said Twenty-fourth Day of June, no Prosecution,

" Suit, or Proceeding, shall be commenced or carried on is against any Person or Persons, for Witchcraft, Sorcery,

" Inchantment, or Conjuration, or for charging another " with any such Offence, in any Court whatsoever in " Great Britain:

" And, for the more effectual preventing and punishing of any Pretences to such Arts or Powers, as are " before mentioned, whereby ignorant Persons are fro-<c questly deluded and defrauded: Be it further enacted,

" by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall,

" from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June,

<c pretend to exercise or use any kind of Witchcraft, Sor-tc eery, Inchantment, or Conjuration, or undertake to " tell Fortunes, or pretend, from his Skill or Knowledge " in any occult or crafty Science, to discover where, or " in what manner, any Goods or Chattels, supposed to c< have been stolen or loft, may be found, every Person " so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, on In-u distment or Information, in that Part of Great Britain " called England, or on Indictment or Libel in that Part " of Great Britain called Scotland, shall, for every such u Offence, fuller Imprisonment by the Space of One " whole Year, without Bail or Mainprize, and once in

" every

9 Geo. II. 4

611

44 every Quarter of the said Year, in some Market-town of the proper County, upon the Market-day there, " stand openly on the Pillory by the Space of One Hour; " and also shall, if the Court by which such Judgment shall be given shall think (it, be obliged to give " Sureties for life or her good Behaviour, in such Sum, 44 and for such Time, as the said Court shall judge proper, 44 according to the Circumstances of the Offence; and, " in such Case, shall lie further imprisoned, until such 4< Sureties be given :*’

At the Kiu! of the Title add, 44 and to repeal an Act, 44 |>afled in the Parliament of Scotland in the nth Parliament of Queen Maty, intituled, Anentfe Witchcrafts; 44 and for punishing such Persons as pretend to exercise or nfe any kind of Witchcraft, Sorcery, Inchantment, 44 or Conjuration.*’ And,

An Act, made in the Parliament of Scotland 15^3, Anentfe Witchcrafts, being read;

The lirft Amendment was read a Second Time; and, Ih'ingan ingrossed Clause, was read the Third time; and, u}K>n the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Amendment, being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to lie made thereto, by inferring, between the Word his" and the Word Skill," the Words "or her.*

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Second Amendment, being an ingrossed Clause, was rcud the Third time; and, with the Amendment made thereto by the House, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The lull Amendment, being rend a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to i*v the House.

Ordtral, That Mr. Conduct do carry the Bill to the Ix>rds, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships, with an Amendment to one of them: To which Amendment this House doth desirc the Concurrence of their IxmJIhips.

Supply Bill; A Bill for granting an Aid to life Majesty, by a Land Land Tax. Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1736, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rejohed\ That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning, next, resolve itfclt into a Committee of the whole House, u[x)ii the said Bill.

Berkeley'* Sir Hilliam ITyndham presented to the House, accord- ame* ing to Order, a Bill to enable Uliliam Berkeley Esquire, now called IVdliam Port man, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Port man: And the same was received; and read the Tint time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Commercial Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his

TrRu0iallh ^lat *ie he graciously pleased to give

19 Direction, That a Copy of a Treaty of Navigation and Commerce, concluded at Petersburgh, the Second Day of December 1734, between life Majesty and her Czariih Majesty, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty s most honourable Privy Council.

Ixworth Mr. Danvers reported from the Committee, to whom

Inclosure. the Petition of Thomas Norton Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Ixworth, in the Town of Ixworth, in the County of Suffolk, and Impropriator of all the Tythes arising and renewing within the same; and also of the several Freeholders and Copyholders, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, having Right of Common in the said Manor; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; Vol. 22.

and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House of the 23d of February last, have examined the Matter of the Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof,

Mr. /Valter Ray was examined: Who said, That the Common, and Common Field, in the Manor of Ixworth, contain about 1,500 Acres, 1,300 of which are Arable, and about 200 arc Pasture: That the said Common and Common Field, being uninclosed, Trespasses have been frequently committed, and Disputes have arisen, among the Proprietors, and those who have a Right of Common upon the fame; and such Disputes will continually happen, whillt the said Common and Common Field remain uuinclosed:

That the lands of the respective Proprietors lying intermixed and dispersed, are, for the most part, inconveniently situated, with respect to the Houses belonging the reto:

And he further said, That the Inclosure of the said Common and Common Field, and a Division thereof, will be a great Advantage to all Parties concerned, and will tend to the publick Good, and Improvement of their ref|>ettive Lands:

That about Two-thirds of those who have Right of Common have signed the Petition referred to the Committee; and that those who have not, had been applied to, and made acquainted with the Intention of the others to apply to Parliament for such Inclosure; several of whom ref iling to fig 11 the Petition, have begun to inclose the Sheep-wulk belonging to the Lord of the said Manor, although they have no Right lb to do.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the Common and Common Field in the Manor of Inearth, in the Town of Ixworth, in the County of Suffolk: And that Mr. Danvers, Mr.

Kent, Mr. Hervey, and Mr. Parsons, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine clandestine Marriages, was read a Second time. Marriages.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the Bill be committed;

The Ilouie divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tcllers for "IC Ycal’ ] '*<

Teller, for he Noes, { ] '»'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Exon City, Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom &c-the Petition of the Mayor, Bailifls, and Commonalty, of ""P**1* the City of Exon, was referred, be now read;

And the feme being read accordingly;

The (kid Report was again read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, have examined the Matter of the Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof,

Mr. Serjeant Belfield, Recorder of the City of Exon, was examined: Who said, That he had known the said City above Fifty Years; and that, at the time when the Incendiaries sent Letters about the Country, Application was made, by the Inhabitants, to the Mayor and Aldermen, to enlighten the Streets of the said City, and to keep a strong and regular Watch therein, as the most effectual Means to (ecure their Lives and Properties against the Violences then threatened; and that thereupon a Con-

lultution

Flint

Election,

Printed

Linens.

York

Election,

6n 40 — 5 ° M 1735.

fultation was had with him, how to raise Money to defray that Expence; and his Opinion was, That a Bye-law should be made, for railing such Money upon the Inhabitants, the Corporation having, before that time, fold almost all their real Estate, in order to preserve the Navigation of the River Ex, very near the City, and were many Thousand Pounds in Debt: That, in pursuance of his Advice, a Bye-law was accordingly prepared, an8 offered to the Judges of Assize, for their Allowance; but it being to charge the Subject with the Payment of Money, they were of Opinion, That it was a Matter proper only for the legislative Power to do:

And he further said, That the Streets of the City were kept so dirty, that they were a Scandal, as well as a Nuisance, to the Inhabitants; and that he knew of no compulsory Means to oblige the Inhabitants to cleanse the fame, or to provide Lights, and a Watch; for want of which, several Persons have been tempted to take ill Courses, and were brought before him, as Recorder, and have been convicted of Felonies; some of which Persons, he believed, would not have had an Opportunity of committing those Crimes, had there been a sufficient Quantity of Lights in the Streets, and a strong Watch.

Mr. Thomas Heath, being examined, confirmed Part of the Evidence of Mr. Serjeant Belfield', in relation to the Dirtiness of the Streets, and the Want of Lights therein, and a regular and strong Watch: And said further, That he was One of the Four Bailiffs of the City, at the time that the Incendiaries sent about Letters 5 and that the Citizens being called together by the Mayor, upon that Occasion, it was their unanimous Opinion, That the only Way to preserve the Properties of the Citizens, and Persons resorting to the City, was to provide a sufficient Quantity of Lights in the Streets thereof, and a strong Watch within the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better cleansing and enlightening the Streets of the City of Exon, within the Walls thereof and for keeping a strong and regular Watch therein, in the Night-time: And that Sir Henry Northcote, Mr. Rolle, Sir Wm. Courtenay, and Mr. Bampjylde, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for hearing, at the Bar of this House, the Matter of the Petition of Sir John Glynne Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Flint, in the County of Flint.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon this Day Fortnight.

The House being informed, that the Accomptant General of the Excise attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Quantity of Linens printed, from the 24th of June 1722, to the 24th of June 1735; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of what Linens, printed in Great Britain, have been exported, and what Money has been paid back upon the Exportation of them, from the 24th June 1722, to 24th June 1735; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further flearing of the Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of York.

And the Counsel were called in.

Arid the Counsel for the Petitioner Sir Rowland Wi?m Baronet, and the other Petitioners, whole Petition complains of an undue Election and Return of Sir Miles Stapylton Baronet, for the said County, examined several

24

other Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify several other Persons, who voted for the said Sitting Member at the said Election.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 50 die Martii; !r;

Anno 90 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1735.

Prayers.

AP ETITIO N of Robert Cater Esquire, heretofore Kendali’i called Robert Kendall, was presented to the House, ^ame’ and read; reciting his Petition presented the 13th Day of the last Month, by which, through a Mistake, he omitted to pray, That he might be enabled to take and use the Arms of Cater; and setting forth, That a Bill is brought in, according to the Prayer of that Petition, to enable him, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Cater:

And therefore praying, That Provision may he made in the said Bill, to enable him to take and use the Arms, as well as the Surname; of Cater.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the I Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is I committed. I

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of this Petition.

Mr. May reported from the Committee, to whom the WhitCabk Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Water- Rolj5, side at Whitstable to St. Dunstans Cross, near the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the relt were agreed to, by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Aliening restrain the Dispositions of Lands, whereby the same Lands i# become unalienable: And that the Master of the Rolls, Mortmai"' Mr. Ord, Mr. Glanville, and Mr. Pturner, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of his Grace William Lord Archbishop of Weflmiufw Canterbury was presented to the House, and read; setting Bndse' forth, That the Archbishops of Canterbury, in Right of their Archbishopric, have. Time immemorial, been in Possession of the Ferry over the River from Lambeth to Westminster, as Part of the Estate belonging to the said Archbishoprie; and that the said Ferry has, from time to time, been granted by the several Archbishops, by their respective Letters Patent, for Two Lives, referring the annual Rent of Ten Pounds out of the Profits of the said Ferry, and obliging the Grantees to carry backwards and forwards the Archbishops, and all Persons belonging to their Families, and their Goods, over the said River, without any Reward; and that the Petitioner, since he has been Archbishop, has granted the said ferry, in the usual manner, to Two Persons, upon the aforesaid Terms, who are now in Possession, by virtue of the said Grant; and alleging, That if the Bill, now depending in this House, for building a Bridge cross the River Thames,

9 Geo. II. 5° Martii.

613

Westminster

Bridge.

from Westminster Bridge to Stangate, in the County of Surrey; should take Effect, the said Ferry will be very much prejudiced, if not totally destroyed, by the near Situation of such Bridge to the said Ferry, in case the Commissioners, or such other Persons as may be appointed by the Bill for building the said Bridge, be not impowercri to give Relief therein to the Petitioner: And therefore praying, That the House will please to take the Petitioner's same into Consideration; and to grant such Relief therein as to the House shall fecin moil fitting and proper.

A Petition of ilenry Folkes and Robert Cochrane, the Owners of the Ferry at lunnbeth, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the present Arch-bishop of Canterbury did, by his Letters Patent, bearing Date the 25th Day of June 1729, confirmed afterwards by the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury, grant thcCuf-tody of the said Ferry to the Petitioners, for the Term of their natural Lives, and the longed Liver of them, reserving to himself, and his Successors, the yearly Rent of Ten Pounds; and that the Petitioner Folkes lets his Moiety of the said Ferry to an Under-tenant, whose Family is supported thereby, for f. 30 a Year, clear of all Charges whatsoever; and that the Petitioner Cockrane occupies the other Moiety himself, by which means his Moiety is worth more than Fifty Pounds a Year; and alleging. That, in case the Bill for building a Bridge cross the River, from Xcic Palace-yard to Stangate, should pass, w ithout making some Provision for the Petitioners, the said Grant, made by the said Archbishop, will thereby be rendered of no Benefit to them; and reciting a Proviso in the Act for building the Bridge from Fulham to Putney, for Satisfaction to be made to the Owners, Proprietors, Lr files, or others, having any Property or intereli in the Horse and Foot Ferries at Fulham aforesaid: And therefore, in regard it is manifed, that the Building the Bridge at Sew Palace-Yard will be equallyf detiimental to the* Petitioners, as if built at the Ferry itself, pruying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Coufi-deration; and to order the like Clause in this Bill, for their Benefit, as was, in the said Fulham Bridge Act, for the Owners of Fulham Ferry; or to give the Petitioners such other Relief as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the New Palace- yard, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry is committed.

A Petition of the Watermen of the Parish of St. Margaret, Westminster, was presented to the Hoofe, and read; setting forth, That by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the Explanation and better Execution of former Acts made, touching Watermen, and Wherry men rowing on the River Thames; and for the better ordering and governing the said Watermen, Wherry men, and Lightermen, upon the said River, between Gravesend and Windsor: it is provided. That the said Act, or any thing therein contained, should not extend to hinder or prevent the Watermen of the Parish of St. Margaret, Westminster, from plying or working cross the River Thames from Westminster Bridge to Stangate, and from the Horse-ferry to Lambeth Bridge, on every Lord’s-day; and that the Money earned by them, or any of them, on that Day, is, by the said Act, directed to be, from time to time, employed, for the Use of the poor, aged, decayed, and maimed Watermen, and their Widows, of the said Parish of St. Mar genet, Westminster; and alleging, That if the Prayer of the Petition, presented to the House by the Inhabitants of the Liberty of Westminster, for building a Bridge at Westmivster crols the River Thames, be granted; the aforesaid Bene fit of the said Two Ferries, amounting to Seventy Pounds per Annum, will be entirely taken away; and of the other, from Westminster Bridge to Stangate, amounting to Vo l. 22.

about Eighty Pounds per Annum, will be very much lessened, if not quite loft; and that the said Poor will thereby become great Sufferers, and destitute of all Means of Support: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made for them, in lieu of that which they w ill be deprived of by erecting the said Bridge.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from New Palace-yard, in the City of Wcfl-minster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry, is committed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Orders That the Orders of the Day be now read; of the D*y.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes $Sir John 1 eiiers lor the IN oes, Mf:

179.

M3-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Order of the Day was read accordingly, for the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill to explain an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Firit, intituled, An Act to preserve and encourage the Woollen and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom: and for more effectual employing the Poor, by prohibiting the Use and Wear of all printed, painted, rtained, or dyed Callicoes, in Apparel, Houshold-stuff, Furniture, or otherwise, after the 25th Day of December 1722, except as is therein excepted, so far as relates to Goods made of Linen Yarn and Cotton Wool manufactured in Great Britain.

Then the House proceeded to the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill.

And the Counsel for and against the same were called in.

And the Counsel for the said Bill were heard; and examined several Witnesses, and produced other Evidence, in Support of the Allegations thereof: and summed up the Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners against the said Bill were heard, by w ay of Reply.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refotved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Wearing of primed Callicoes.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Regulating night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Elediona. upon the Bill for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament in that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Com- Stirling mittee of Privileges and Elections, who, by an Ioftruc- Ele^1011, tion given to them by the House upon Wednesday last, are ordered to hear, upon this Day, the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue EIe6tion and Return for the Shire of Stirling, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petitions upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Committee Elections be adjourned. Privilege*.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

7R

Corn

exported.

Clerk’s

Assistant.

Shales’

Name.

Berkeley’s

Name.

Shales’

Name.

Removing Sinclair’s Disabilitics by Attainder.

Privilege.

80 Martii. A. 1735.

LuntBy 8° die Martii;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

Anno 90 Georgii IIdI Regis, 1735. Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Oxetiford, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the federal Sorts and Quantities of Corn which have been exported, from Christmas 1734 to Christmas 1735 m> as also from what Places and Ports, and in what Quantities they have been exported; together with an Account of the Bounty that has been paid thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That Mr. Aif kew, the Clerk’s Assistant, is at present so indisposed with the Gout, as not to be able to attend, the Clerk therefore desires, That Mr. John Naylor may be admitted to assist him, during Mr. Aijkew's Indisposition.

Ordered, That Mr. John Naylor be admitted to assist the Clerk of the House, during the present Indisposition of Mr. Ai/kew.

Mr. Conduit presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable John Shales, commonly called John Barrington, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and life the Surname of Barrington, pursuant to a Settlement made by Sir Charles Barrington Baronet, deceased: And the same was received.

A Bill to enable William Berkeley Esquire, now called William Portman, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Portman only, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Gore, Mr. Alderman Par Jons, Mr. Cha-fin} Sir Hen. Northcot, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Fane, Mr. Hawkins, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Br ere ion, Mr. Kinafton, Mr. Trcby, Mr. Bennet, Sir Jermyn Da-vers, Mr. Winning ton, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Par Jons, Sir Wm. Courtenay, Sir Miles Slapylton, Mr. Hay, Mr. Marshall, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Conyers, Mr, Foley, Mr. Archer, Sir Abr. Elton, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Hilton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, Dorset, and Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enable John Shales, commonly called John Barrington, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Barrington, pursuant to a Settlement made by Sir Charles Barrington Baronet, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Glenorchy presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable John Sinclair, eldest Son of Henry late Lord Sinclair, deceased, to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estatethat may or shallhereafterdefcendor come to him: And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The I louse being informed, That Satisfaction had been given, and Submission made, to Richard Fydell Esquire, a Member of this House, in relation to the Breach of Privilege complained of the 13th Day of Februarxf last;

Mr. Thomas Archer presented to the House, accord- §t# pau^ ing to Order, a Bill for the better regulating the Nightly Covent Gar-Watch, and Beadles, within the Parish of St. Paul,

Covent Garden, within the Liberties of the City of atc ' c* Westminster: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Christopher Powell presented to the House, ac- Kent cording to Order, a Bill to enable the Justices of the County Peace acting for the WesternDivision of the County of Gaol* Kent to purchase a convenient Piece of Ground for building a Gaol for the said County; and forimpower-ing the said Justices to apply Part of the County Stock of the said Division towards the fame: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Watermen, whose Names are there* Westminster unto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others Bridge, who ply or work cross the River of Thames, from the Horse-ferry, in the Parish of St. John, in the City of Westminster, to Lambeth, in the County of Surry, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Watermen plying and working at the said Horse-ferry have enjoyed, for time immemorial, a Privilege of carrying Passengers cross the said River on Sundays; which Right was further confirmed to them, by an Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth of King William the Third; and that the Income of the said Ferry, one Year with another, amounts to at least the Sum of Sixty Pounds; which, by the said Act, is to be applied towards the Maintenance of poor, aged, and decayed Watermen, and their Widows; and that, in case the Bill, now depending in this House, for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the New Palace-yard, in the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry, should pass into a Law, it will lessen, if not totally destroy, the said Sunday Ferry: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that such Provision may be made, in the said Bill, for the Petitioners, as to the House shall seem most meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors in the County Debtors Gaol of Nottingham: and also. Petitions.

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors confined in the Gaol for the Town, and County of the Town, of Nottingham;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; severally complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing and dividing the Com- Aldermnfl moil Field, called Alderminster Common Field, Com- Inclosure mon Pastures, and other Common Grounds, in the Parish of Alderminster, in the County of Worcester, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Field called AlderminfUr Common Field, Common Pastures, and Common Grounds, in the Parish of Alderminster, in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed, that Mr. Waples, from Relief c the Accomptant General of the Court of Chancery, at- Suitors tended at the Door; Chance

He

Deficiency of Mailer* ia Chancery,

Office* and Employments.

Stamford

Election.

9 Geo. II. 8 0 Martii 15

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Net Produce of the additional Stamp Duty, gran ted for the Relief of the Suitors in the Court of Chancery; with an Observation in respect to the Application thereof.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, a State of the Deficiency of Mr. Dormer, Mr. Bi>rre/, Mr. Comedy. and Mr. (Godfrey, late Masters in Chancery; and of what bath been received in Part thereof; and the State of the present Deficiency of the Suitors Money in the Court of Chancery.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and for explaining ami amending so much o! an Act, passed in the 2d Year of his present Majesty, intituled, A11 for indemnify imr I’erf ns who have omitted to quality themfehe.s for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpost; and for repealing to much of an Act of P.i: iiatr.cn!, paftfd in the First ear ol In* late Majesty King George the 1*11 ft, as requires Perth ns to quality themh lv< s for Offices or Employments within Three Months, and for limiting other Times for such Qualifications; as also for the Repeal of so much of an Act, pallid pC Car. IP', as relates to the sworn S< i\ants of the King’s or Qu< cn’s y, as n quii es Persons to quality themldvt s for Offices or Employments before the Mid of the next Term, or Quarter S»-tlions. and for limiting other Times for such Qualifications; That they do iufert a Clause in the said Bill, lot enlarging the Time for making and ftibfn ibing tlu Declaration against IVanfuhftanliation, directed by an A'*f, polled the 23th of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants.

Mr. Earle, according to Order, reported from the Committee of Privileges and Ejections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Eh ction for the Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read: And the Report, and Kisolutions of the Committee, are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Smile Cujl Esquire, complaining of an undue Ejection and Return o {John Pro by Esquire, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln;

The Committee have examined*the Merits of this Election.

The Counsel for the Petitioner alleged. That Slam-ford w as a Borough by Prescription; and that no Right of Election had hitherto been settled there:

That the Right of FJeftion is in the Housholders, Inhabitants within the Borough, paying Scotland Lot there, and not receiving Alms or publick Charities.

The Counsel for the Sitting Member alleged. That the Right of FJeftion is in the Inhabitants, paying Scotland Lot, and not receiving Alms or public Charity.

The Petitioner's Counsel, to prove the Right of Election to be as itated by them, called the following Witnesses; viz.

Thomas lialviflon, aged Seventy-four Years: Who said, That he had known the Borough of Stamford 52 or 53 Years; and had been present at several Elections there; and that he had taken the Poll twice; and was present at the Election, when Sir Pury Cujl and Mr, Vol. 22.

Bertie stood Candidates: That all Persons, being Hous-holders paying Scotland Lot, voted: That, at the Two next Elections after the Convention, One Person for each House only voted: That he remembered four or Five Persons, who then offered to vote, were rejected, as not paying Scotland Lot.

But the Witness said, That he had left Stanford about 36 Years: That no Inhabitants were admitted to vote that were not Housholders.

Being asked, If he knew'any Instance of Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot, refit fed for not being 1 Joufh<»lders? lie said. That one Warrington, who rented a Shop in St. Michael's Parish, was not admitted to vote at the Election after the Convention.

John Hand, aged Seventy-two Years, said, That he was born at Stamford, and lived Twenty-five Years there; and was present at Three Elections: That he remembered the Elections of Mr. Noel and Sir Pury Cujl, in the latter End of King Charles's Reign, when Mr. Noel was chose: That none were then admitted to vote hut Houftkeepers who paid to the Poor, and but One Vote for each House, was allowed to poll: That at the Ejection ol Sir Punj Cujl. the Right ot Vt;ng was the faint*; and that he never knew any hut Housekeepers admired to poll; nor did he ever know Two Votes admitted for One House, or Persons who kept Shops only, or Inmate*, admitted to poll; but that all who Wciv not Housholders were always rejected.

Bring cross-examined, he said, That he never knew any Person paying Scotland Lot refused.

John Clan anti IVm. Walgrave, the Eirft aged 66, the other 72 Year?, and both horn in Stamford, gave Evidence, That they have always lived in the! own; and r« membered Mr. Noel's Elen ion about 58 Years ago: That the Right of FJeftion was in lloul.-keepers paying to Church and Poor: And Walgrave laid, That though a Lodger or Inmate paid the Rates, yet they had no Right to vote.

Nathanael Wild, aged 77 Years, said. That he had known Stamford all his Life-time: That the Right of Lien ion is in Housholders paying to Church and Poor: But he laid, That he had left Stamford about 20 Years, John Blake said, That lie had known Stamford 34 Years; and that the Right of Election is in Housholders paying Scotland Lot; and that Lodgers and Inmates paying Scotland Lot have no Right.

Being asked, If he remembered Mr. Bertie's Election? he said, lie did, and then took the Poll: That Inmates claimed to vote, and were queried: That they were about 36 in Number, and some of them paid Scotland Lot; and that all that voted were queried, if not Housholders:

That, at the Election Seven or Eight Yrears ago, 400 and Eight Voters were polled.

Being cross-examined, he said, That about Seven or Eight voted at that Election, who were not Housholders, and were therefore queried: That there were about 16 or 18 queried on each Side; but that some were not queried, who were Partners in Business; and, he believes, some of them w^ere polled.

And being asked, Why he had asserted, in the Firfi Part of his Evidence, That about 36 Inmates had voted, and were queried ? he said, He spoke at random.

That he never remembered Two or Three Persons voting for One House; but that he believed that Two may have voted for the same Hpufe.

Being asked, Whether Alderman South and Mr. Whitfield were queried at the Election of Mr. Bertie ? he said, That some w ere queried; but he could not remember the particular Objections; but believed, that Alderman South had a Right, and that he boarded, at that time, with Mr. Gardner; and that Mr. Whitfield lived with Mr. Lock% and carried on Trade on one Side of his Shop.

The Counsel for the Sitting Member called the following Witnesses, to prove the Right of Election to be as they alleged:

Alexander Morris, aged 88 Years: Who said, That he had known Stamford, and been a Housekeeper

there.

Stamford

Election.

8° Martti.

616

a. 1735.

Stamford

Election.

Lewes

Election.

there, 60 Years, and has voted at all Elections during that time: That every Person who paid to the Poor, whether a Housekeeper, or not, was always admitted to vote, if an Inhabitant: That he remembered, that Richard Wartvick, Mayor of Stamford, who, both before and after his being Mayor, was only a Boarder, voted at Elections: That Mr. Seaton, who was a Boarder, voted like wife, and afterwards was Mayor; and that the Witness’s Vote was admitted, when he only rented a Shop.

He further said, That if a Son lived with his Father, and rented any thing, and paid to the Poor, he had a Right to vote:

That he remembered Sir Pury Cuffs Election; and that all Inhabitants, though not Housekeepers, who paid Scotland Lot, always voted; and if they did not pay to the Poor their Votes were refused:

That he remembered the Election when Sir Pury Cuffs Grandfather flood Candidate, and loft it: The Parliament then met at Oxford *, and that, in all the Time to which the Witness spoke, he said it was the eonstant Usage to admit all Persons to vote who paid to the Rates.

James Cade and James Harrison, aged 68 Years, and upwards, confirmed the Evidence of Morris; and said further, That Mr. Seaton and his Son lived in one House; and that, both of them paying to the Rates, they both were admitted to vote 5 as were also one Mr. Butcher, and his Son, who lived together, but were separately rated:

That they never knew any Person refused, who paid to the Poor, though not a Housekeeper; and that, if a Lodger rented any Tenement that was charged to the Rates, he was a good Vote.

Boniface Bywater, aged 63 Years, and who hath been a Housekeeper in Stamford 40 Years, spoke to the same Effect with Cade and Harrison, as to all Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot having a Right to vote.

John Blackwell said, That he is a Housekeeper, and Alderman in Stamford That the Right of voting is in the Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot: That he voted at that Election when Mr. Bertie was chose, though he was no Housekeeper, and was queried, and afterwards allowed, upon the Scrutiny; and that his Father, who had been an Inhabitant of the Town 45 Years, and died about Eight Years ago, told him. That it was the eonstant Usage for the Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot, though not Housekeepers, to vote at Elections; and that his Father had been Mayor of the Town.

The Committee came to the following Resolution: Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, is in the Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot, and not receiving.Alms or publick Charities.

Upon which, the Petitioner’s Counsel acquainted the Committee, That, the Right of Election being so determined, the Petitioner had nothing further to offer.

Whereupon the Committee came to the following Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Proby Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln.

The First Resolution being read a Second time; Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, is in the Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot, and not receiving Alms, or publick Charities.

The Second Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Parle also, according to Order, reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the

Borough of Lewes, in the County of Suffer, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read:

And the Report and Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Nathanael Garland and Thomas Sergifon Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Thomas Pelham, of St aimer, and Thomas Pelham, of Lewes, Esquires, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lewes, in the County of Suffer:

The Committee have examined the Merits of this Election.

The Counsel for the Petitioners alleged, That the Town of Lewes is an ancient Borough by Prescription: That the Two Constables appointed there, by the Court Leet, a're the Returning Officers: And,

That the Right of Election is in the Inhabitants at large.

And, as Evidence of that Right, the Journal of the House was referred to, wherein is an Entry in the following Words; viz.

Mr. Hackwell reported from the Committee of Privileges, the same of Lewes, in Sussex.

" No Mayor, no Bailiffs there, but only Constables: c< Agreed, the Election to be made by the Inhabitants: The Conclusion of the Committee, That c< Mr. Stapeley well elected, and ought to be " returned."

And, on the 3d Day of April following, the House resolved, upon the Question, That the Election of Mr. Stapeley for the Town of Lewes was a good Election.

The Petitioner’s Counsel resting their Evidence upon the aforesaid Entry;

The Counsel for the Sitting Members alleged, That the Right of Election for the said Borough is in the Inhabitants being Housholders, paying Scotland Lot.

To prove which, they called,

John More, aged Forty-eight Years: Who said. That he had known Lewes 40 Years, and had been present at several Elections; and that the Voters, who were always admitted, were Inhabitants, Housholders, paying Scotland Lot.

Wm. Atterson, aged 46 Years, said. That he had constantly lived at Leives, and had been present at several Elections there; and that those, who were admitted to vote, were Inhabitants, Housholders, paying Scotland Lot, and no others.

Arthur Morris, aged upwards of 50 Years, said, That he had known the Borough of Lewes 40 Years; That he had voted at Elections there for 30 Years last pad; and that those, who voted in all his Time, were Inhabitants, Housholders, paying Scotland Lot.

The Committee came to the following Resolution; Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Lewes, in the County of Sussex, is in the Inhabitants being Housholders, paying Scotland Lot.

Upon which, the Counsel for the Petitioners acquainted the Committee, That, the Right of Election being thus determined, the Petitioners would give the Committee no further Trouble.

The Committee then came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Thomas Pelham, of Stanmer, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lewes, in the County of Suffer.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Thomas Pelham, of Lewes, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Lewes.

The First Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament 23 for

Geo. II. 8" Martii. X,

for the Borouch of I.neer, in the County of Sussex, is in the Inhabitants being llouiholders, paying Scot ami Lot.

The Second and Third Refutations, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Qucliion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the I Joule.

Westminster The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bndge. resolve itfrlf into a Committee of the whole Ilottfe, upon the Bill for building a Bridge croft the River Thames from the Seic Palace-yard, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surra;

Jicjulved, That this Uoufe will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itftdf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the saul Bill.

Wtjt The Order of the Day being read, for the House to aid Mtftof. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Way* ami Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Spirits drawn from Barley, Malt, or other Corn, exported, and the Amount of the Bounty paid for the same, from t\June 1733 to 24 June 1735, distinguilliing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Duties which have arisen by LiccnBng of the Retailers of compound Spirits, from Midsummer 1732 to Mid* Jammer 1733, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Number of Licences were taken out, for felling or retailing mixed or compound Spirit^, f.om Midsummer 173% to Mid-Jammer 1733* distinguilliing how many were within the Bills of Mortality, and how many were without, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Duties arising from home-made Spirits, from Mid-Jammer 1732 to Mid/urmker 1733, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Excise has been paid for foreign Spirit* and Brandies imported, from Midsummer 1732 to Midsummer 173s, distinguilliing each Year, he referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Spirits drawn from Corn in Grra' Britain exported, and the Amount of the Drawback allowed or paid for the same, from the 24th June 1733 to the 24th June 17^3, distinguilliing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of the Duty upon Beer and Ale. from Midsummer 1732 to Midsummer 1735, distinguilliing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Duties arising from home-made Spirits, and of what Excise has been paid for foreign Spirits and Brandies imported, from 24'h June 1732 to 24sh June 1735; of the Quantity of Spirits drawn from Corn exported, and what Draw back, SCc. has been allowed for the fume, from 24th June 1733 to 24th June 1733; of the Produce of the Duty upon Beer and Ale, from 24th of June 1732 to 24th June 1735; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, intituled. Amount of the Duties arising from home-made Spirits for Five Years, ending at Midsummer last, distinguilliing each Year, and the Duties payable upon ftmple and compound Spirits, presented to the House the 6th Day of April 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Amount of the Duties which have arisen by the Licensing of the Retailers of compound Spirits, presented to the House the 6th Day of April 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, intituled, An Account of the Produce of the Duty upon Beer and Ale, for Seven Years, to Midsummer last, distinguilliing each Year, presented to the House the 13th Day of April 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Vo l. 22,

Ordered, That the Account, intituled, An Account of the Amount of the Drawbacks upon Spirits exported, for seven ears, to Midsummer last, distinguilliing each A ear, presented to the House the 13th Day of April 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, Thai the Account, intituled, An Account of what Number of Licences have been taken out for Telling or retailing mixed or compound Liquors, from the lit Day of July 172^ tc Christmas last, distinguishing each Year, and how' many of the said Licences arc within the Bills of Mortality, and how many are without, preftnted to the House the 13th Day of April 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, intituled, An Account,

shewing how much of the Duties arising from homemade Spirits, for Seven Years, ending at Midsummer last, hath been charged as low Wines from foreign Materials, and foreign Wines, low Wines from malted Corn, low Wines from Cyder, and as Spirits from such low Wines, presented to the House the 13th Day of April 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Amount of the Duties arising from home-made Spirits, from Midsummer 1731 to Midsummer 1732, presented to I he House the 26th Day of February 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Drawbacks upon Spirits exported, from Midsummer 1731 to Midsummer iy$i, presented to the House the ibih Day of February 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, (hewdng how much of the Duties arising from home-made Spirits, from Mid-Jammer 731 to Midsummer 1732, hath been charged as low Wines from foreign Materials, and foreign Wines, low Wines from malted Corn, low Wines from Cyder, and as Spirits from such low Wines, presented to the House the 26th Day of February 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Number of Licences have been taken out for felling or retailing mixed or compound Liquors, from Midsummer 1731 to Mid-Jammer 1732, presented to the House the 26th Day of February 1732, he referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Amount of the Duties which have arisen by the Licensing of the Retailers of compound Spirit", from Midsummer 1731 to Midsummer 1732, presented to the House the 26th Day of February 1be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of the Duly upon Beer and Ale, from Midsummer 1731 to Mid-Jammer 1732, presented to the House the 26th Day of February 173?, he referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Excise has been paid for foreign Spirits and Brandies imported, from Midsummer 1727 to Midsummer 1732, distinguilliing each Year, presented to the House the 26th Day of February 1732, he referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

Sir Charles TurUer reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they mdy have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Supply Bill; House tb resolve itself into a Committee of the whole LanuTax. House, Upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain,

(or the Service of the Year 1736;

7 S Ordered\

618 8° — o° M 1735.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the fetid Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Infiru6iion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax for the Year 1734, out of the Supplies granled for the Year 1736.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mi\ Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee^ Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow / Morning, Nine of the Clock,

Martis^ 90 die Martii;

Anno 9* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1735* Prayers.

American r l 'HE House being informed. That Mr. Carkeffe} Colonial J. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended Trade* at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Addresses of this House to his Majesty, the Return of the said Commissioners, with an Account of what Quantity of Rum or Spirits Melasses, Syrups, Sugar, and Par.eles, have been imported into any of his Majesty’s Northern Colonies in America, from any of the French, Dutch, or other foreign Colonies t here, since the 25th Day of December 1703, with the Amount of the Duties collected thereon by virtue of an Act, passed the 6t h Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty \s Sugar Colonies in America, distinguishing each Colony, and each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Rum, Melasses, and Sugar, which have been imported into his Majesty\s Northern Colonies in America, from Jamaica, Barbadoes, and the Leeward Islands, for Seven Years pad, distinguishing each Year, each Colony, and each Island: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Tonage of such Ships and Vessels which have entered and cleared out, for Four Years last past, from any of his Majesty’s Northern Colonies in America, with Lumber, Flour, or any other Goods and Merchandize, to Jamaica, Barbadoes, Antigua, or any other of the Leeward Islands belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, as also to any of the French, Dutch, or other foreign Settlements in America, distinguishing each Year, each Colony, each Island, and each French, Dutch, and N other foreign Settlement: And also,

An Account of what Seizures have been made, or Forfeitures incurred, in any of the British Plantations in America, by virtue of an Act, of the Sixth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Sugar collected in Kind, and the Quantity for which Money has been paid and received on account of the Four and an Half per Cent. Duly in Bar badoes, and the Leezoard Islands, for Twenty-one Years; viz. from Christmas 1713 to Christmas 1734; together with an Account of the Expence of the Officers, and of other Charges in collecting the said Duty in the said Islands; distinguishing each Island, and each Year: And also,

An Account of thcGrofs Produce, as it comes into this Kingdom, of the Four and an Half per Cent. Duty

collected in Barbadoes, and the Leezoard Islands, and how much thereof has been paid into the Exchequer for Twenty-one Years, viz. from Christmas 1713 to Christmas 1734, distinguishing each Island, and each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Return was read.

Ordered, That the said Return and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Return and Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are Cane-wood* thereunto subscribed, who frequently travel through the lane. Lane leading from Highgate to Hampstead, commonly called Cane-wood-lane, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read: setting forth,

That many Carts, and other Carriages, frequently pass through the said Lane laden with Gravel, and other Materials, from Hampstead Heath, for repairing the Roads leading from Islington to Highgate, and from thence to Barnet; by reason whereof and other heavy Carriages passing through the said Lane, the same is now become so bad, that, in the Winter Season, it is dangerous to Passengers: And, in regard a Bill is now depending before the House, for making more effectual Two A6Is of Parliament, one in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other of the First Year of the Reigil of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from Highgate Gatehouse, in the County of Middlesex, to Barnet Blockhouse, in the County of Hertford; and also the Road leading from the Bear Inn, in Hadley, to the Angel, in Enfeld Chace, in the said County of Middle fix \ therefore praying, That Provision may he made, in the said Bill, for repairing the Laneaforesaid; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet. v

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Francis Child, Mr. Earle, Sir Thomas Hale, Lord Sid. Beauclerk, Sir Charles Morel aunt, Mr. Hales, Mr. May, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gybbon*

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Smelt, Mr. Archer, Mr. Fydell, Mr. Drummond, Sir Jer. Sambrook, Mr. Longueville, Mr.

Hanhury Williams, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Price, Mr.

Lockwood, Sir Hen. Norlhcot, Mr. Treby, Mr. Packerj Sir John Heathcote, Sir Geo. Wynne, Sir Abraham Elton

Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Baity, Mr. Bathurjt, Mr. Par-Jons, Mr. Vyner, Sir John Chichester, Mr. Ingram, Mr.

Brad/haw, Mr. Compton, Mr. Harley, Sir John St.

Aubin, Mr. Robert Harley, Mr. Hay, Mr. Bade, Mr.

Evers field, Mr. Berkeley, Lord Polzoorth, Sir Wm. Irby,

Mr. Watts, Colonel Norton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex and Hertford:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrafted Bill for repairing and widening the whitftai: Road leading from the Water-side at Whitstable, to 6Y. Road Dunstan's Crop, near the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from St. Dunstan's Cross, near the City of Canterbury, to the Water-side at Whifjlable, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. May do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition Assize of the Mailer and Wardens of the Company of Bakers, in the City of London, on behalf of themselves, 1K‘ and the rest of the Bakers within the Bills of Mortality, is referred, do report their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Message

o

9 Geo. II. 9°

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas Bennet, and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speake r,

Phillip'* The Lords have pnfled a Rill, intituled, An Act to

Nuae. enable Robert Phillips Kfcjtiire, and his Issue Male, to take and u( the Surname ol Leet pursuant to the Will of Robert I Ate hlqmre, deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this IJoufe.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Eipid^S Mr. Ifonper presented to the Monfe, according to

Li"1* Order, a Hill Tor reviving and continuing the Acts therein mentioned; and fur explaining and aim tiding a Clause in an Act, made in the F i; ft Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King decree the Firfi, intituled, An Act for making the Laws for repairing the Highways more effectual, relating to the appointing Scavengers in Cities and Market Towns, and the ordering the Assessmctits for the repairing and cleaning the Streets therein: And the same wtu received; and read the First time.

Re/olird, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Gta«fcaroii|h Mr. Tyner reported from the Committee, to whom orc the Petition of the Reverend George Wade, Doftur in Divinity, Vicar, Cordell St(<rrs, ,) hn Christopher, and lien. Parr} Churchwardens of the Parish of Gain/-borough, in the County of Lincoln, and of the Committee appointed Ijv the Parishiorurs in Vellrv, on b*-half of tlu mselves, and the relt of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and also the Petition of several substantial Freeholders, locale holders, and Tenants, within the Town and Parish of Gain}b trough, in the County of Luici In were referred. That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Kesolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where tin? same was read; And the Report, and Hcfolutioas of the Committee, are as followed]; viz.

The Committee, pursuant to I lie O dr rs of the House, have examined the Matters of the Petilions:

And, to prove the Allegations of the First Petition, the following Witnesses were examined; lix Mr. Thomas Hutton: W ho said, That he had known the Church of Gainsb trough upwards of go Years, during all which time it has been thought to be in a dangerous Condition; and the Inhabitants, when at divine Service, have been alarmed with every little Noisewhich happened, through an Apprt hension of its falling:

That feieral Consultations have been had, relating to the Condition of the Church, and it was always determined to lie irrcpairable . , which occasioned some of the principal Inhabitants, about a Month before the Meeting of the Vestry in July to subscribe to-

wards the Expence of applying to Parliament for an Act to rebuild their Church; but that some of them have fmcc ret rafted their Opinion, and ligned the Petition against rebuilding the same; the Reason of which, as he conceived, was their uifapproving of the Method proposed for raising the Money:

That publick Notice was given of the Vestry that was held July 2id, 173.), at which the Committee was appointed to view the Church; who, taking Workmen to their Abidance, scarclied into its Defects, and reported their Opinions thereof.

Mr. Adam Lugg, being examined, gave Evidence, the same in Subdance with Huttons; and said further, That Divine Service is not now performed in the Body of the Church, but in the Three Quires of the Chancels, lit the East End, which were fitted up by the Archdeacon’s Order, on his View, and after Presentment m;ide by the Churchwardens: That One of the Three Chancels belongs to Sir Sc oil Hickman; the other to the Bishop of Lincoln*, and the 1 bird to the Town, which they used as a School, till the Archdeacon’s Order: That he has for many Years heard several of Vo t. 22.

the Inhabitants of Gainsborough express their Desire for a new Church, because of the Badness and Inconvenience of the old one, the Floor whereof lies so near the Springs, that sometimes the People are reduced to the Ncccfiity of walking upon Planks, to get to their I*e\vs; but, as the Poor’s Rate of the Town was very high, being often 3*. or jjt. and 6 d. in the Pound, the Inhabitants were unable to enter upon Measures to rebuild the fame: That, as to the Method of rating Lands there, they are charged but at Half Value; but how personal Estates are taxed, the Witness could give no Account.

Iking examined. Whether certain Lands, called Thunnock, were rated to the Repair of the Church; he said, That he had seen some of the old, and some of the late Rules, wherein the Names of the Occupiers of those Lands were put, hut no Charge or Sum was set against them j hut that he believed, that Thunnock Eliate is charged to the Poor, but not to the Church; because it repairs that Part called Thunnock's Quire, which is not One of the Three Quires before-mentioned, but a Part of the Church proposed be rebuilt, and which the Hamlet of Thunnock is afterwards to repair, in the same manner as now.

Upon further F.xamination, he said, That, in his Opinion, the Church is not worse now than it was 12 Years ago; but, upon opening the Drawing of the Church, many Cracks were discovered quite through iii the Walls, and also some Settlements:

That, at a publick Meeting, it was proposed to raise Money for defraying the Expence of an Act of Parliament to rebuild the Church; and a Title of aSubfcrip-tion, for that Purpose, was wrote in the Presence of several Inhabitants, and ligned by all present, in the Year 1 731: That the Examinant went round the Town with the said Subscription; and believed he saw the several Subscribers sign their Names, or order them to be signed.

Mr. Fume is Smith of Warwick, said, That, in No-vcmhtr 1731, lie came to Gainsborough, to examine the Condition of the Church: That, ha\ ing taken Workmen to his Abidance, he turned the Lead oft*the Beams in several Places, and likewise from the Corvels of Wood, their Supports: which he found so much decayed, that he could thrustliis Stick through the Ends of 1 he Beams; and that he found the Beams of the Out Kies likewise v< rv much decayed: That the Middle of the Beams, he said, are found; but the Ends are rotted lo far liom the Wall, and so much, that they cannot be repaired; which has been partly occasioned by the ill Laying of the Gutters from the first: That he plumbed the South Pillars, which are ab&ut lo Feet high, but do not exceed Two Feet Two Inches in Diameter, and found them Two Inches out of the Upright in every Three Feet and Half, leaning to the South: That those at the West End, joining to the Tower, which are arched over, are Three Inches out of the Upright iri every Three Feet and Half, leaning to the West: That the North Pillars are the fame; and all lean to the West One Inch in Three Feet and an Half, which he takes to have been occasioned by the Badness of their Foundations: That he perceived that the Church in general was built with bad Materials, the Stoncsover the Arches being very i’mall, and the Mortar bad: That there are several Cracks above the Arches, over the Pillars, though none, as he remembered, in the Pillars themselves: That, on plumbing the South Wall, which is 20 Feet high, he found it overhung One Foot: That the Middle Ille Wall on the South Side, which is 35 or 36 Feet high, overhung, from Top to Bottom, One Foot Seven Inches: The North Wall of the Middle Ille, of the same Height, overhung, towards the South, One Foot Four Inches; and the North Outside Wall inclines the same way, from an Upright, Nine or Ten inches: That there are Two Timber Props in the Inside of the Church, which are footed to the Bottom of the South Wall, and run through the South Roof into a Piece of Timber; and there are Laces from thore Props, which spread Four or Five Feet on each Side, for the

o

Gainsborough

Church.

620 o° Mar 1735.

the Support of the Wall: but, not with (landing that, the Examinant is of opinion, that the Church is in great Dangevof falling, and not capable of being repaired, be-eattfe the Materials both of Timber and Stone are so bad: And he said, He believed, that, if the Repair thereof was attempted, it would be necessary to take off the Roof of the Church; which when done, the Walls probably might fall; and that no Screws, or other Invert* tions, can bring the Walls and Pillars to their Upright.

The Witness said, That, in taking this Survey, he had Four other skilful Persons to assist him; who agreed in Opinion with him, and signed a Report he had drawn up, to be presented to the Parishioners who employed him: That he was Two Days in taking the said Survey; and which he could not have beeu exact in, without turning the Lead off the Timber, and taking the Plaister off the Walls, and plumbing them, and the Pillars:

That he had made a Computation of the Expence of building a new Church (but not the Steeple) capable of containing 1,400 People, according to the Price of Materials at Gainsborough; and he laid before the Com-ihittee the Plan and Estimate thereof, which amounts to 2,834 js. od.; but he said, That, leaving out the Ornaments, if it was to be built plain with Stone, it would abate £. 100 or something more; and, if of Brick, it would save much more:

That Thunnock's Quire is the strongest Part of the Church; but the Witness thinks itfhould be pulled down, if a new Church is built; and that it would Jeffen the Expence considerably to pull down the Chancels, and not to rebuild them, they being built of better Materials than the red of the Church, and, in lieu of them, to erect a semicircular Alcove for the Communion Table: That, if they arekept up, it will be necessary to raise them Three Feet; which will occasion a further Expence of£. 218 by making new Windows, 8Cc.

Mr. Abraham Hayivard, Mason, and Mr. Francis Bickeiion, Surveyor of Buildings, being examined; the first confirmed the Evidence of Smith. as to hissigning the Report mentioned by him; and the other, who had likewise surveyed the said Church, gave the like Evidence with Smithy as to the ruinous Condition thereof, and the Impra&icability of repairing the fame.

And the Evidence of Bickerton was confirmed by Mr. William Moriony and Mr. Benjamin Silverwood, who assisted Bicker Ion in his Survey.

Mr. Benjamin Silverwood further said, That he had known the said Church 25 Years, and never found any Difference therein as to outward Appearance, nor does he ever remember any Tiling being done to the fame: That the Props have been there, ever since he knew it; but that he never examined into the Condition of it before Mr. Bickerton s Survey; and he is now of opinion, that, should those Props be removed, the Church would fall.

John Pindar Esqitire gave Evidence of the dangerous Condition he found the said Church to be in, when he took a View thereof, in Companywith other Gentlemen.

Mr. Hutton, being again examined, said. That the Committeeappointed by a Vestry to examine the State and Condition of the Church, after the Survey by Mr. Bickerton and Mr. Smith, met, and agreed upon a Report, which was communicated to many of the principal. Parishioners, about a Month before the Vestry was appointed to receive the same: That, publick Notice was given of such Vestry, Two Sundays together: That, at that Vestry, the Report was made; in which the Corn-miltee delivered their Opinion, That the Church wasin Danger of falling^nd that it was impracticable to repair it; and necessary to he rebuilt, so as to hold a greater N umber of People: That the Report was agreed to; and an Order was made for applying to Parliament, for obtaining an AT to rebuild their Church, and signed by 48 of the Vestry, many of whom were the principal Freeholders and Inhabitants of the Town; and that several others consented thereto, who did not flay to sign their Names, and that not above One or Two di (Ten ted:

That the Proposition in the Report was, That Two-thirds of the Expence should be raised On the Land-owners, anu One-third on the Tenants 5 and the Witness was of opinion, That both the Landlords and Tenants, Three to One, as well those inhabiting within as without the Parish, considered in Number and Value, approved of the Scheme, from the Discourse he hath had with many of both Sorts thereupon:

That he had made a Computation of the Rents at Gain/borough, which he collected from the Poofs Tax, and found it to amount as follows; viz. £. s. d.

The Town of Gainsbdrough per Annum 4,257-----

The Villages of Walkerteth, Morton,

and Stockwithjper Annum - - 763 — —

The Hamlet of Thunnock, about - 350 -

The personal Estate taxed at Gatn/bo-l

rough, \s£. 4,000, which, at£. 5 per > 200---

Cent, per Annum, is - }

Being asked, If any Application, relating to there-building the Church, had been made to the late Sir Nevil Hickman Baronet, or to the Guardians of the present Gentleman, an Infant, and who are greatly concerned in Interest therein? he said, That the late Sir Nevil Hickman Baronet had been made acquainted with the Design ofrebuilding the Church, which he approved of; but that there then was no certain Method proposed to him for raising the Money for that Purpose: That; fmee his Death, an Application had been made to the Guardians and Trustees of the present Sir Nevil Hick* man Baronet; and the Method proposed for raising the Money had been communicated to them, which they approved of, with an Exception only to Thunnock, because it appears a particular Part of the Church, which is strong, and not otherwise necessary to be rebuilt, than for the more convenient Modelling of the new Church; and the Committee of the Vestry was of the same Opinion: And it was proposed, that, should a new Church be built, a proportionable Park to the present Quire of Thunnock should be appointed to be repaired by the said Village: and that the Owners and Tenants thereof should be exempted from any Charge relating to the said Building: \

That, at present, the Inhabitants having any, are rated according to their Seats, which are computed to hold 850 People: and those who have no Seats, are rated in proportion to their Substance: That the Dispofalof the Seats is in the Ministerand Churchwardens; unless a Dispute arises, and then it is in the Ordinary: That, hitherto, no Propofol hath been made for the Dispo* iition of the Seats, in case the Church should be rebuilt. Then, to support the Allegations of the Second Petition, the following Witnesses were examined; viz. Mr. Jof. Stones, being examined, said, That he knows not, nor ever heard, that CordellStorrs junior, Churchwarden, Mr. John Wilbercross . , Mr. Wm. Wavion, who ligned the Petition to rebuild the Church, bad any Lands or Tenements in the Parish of Gainsborough, though he owned they were Persons of considerable Substance in the Town; but that Robert Shaw and Richard Rainton, who also ligned the said Petition, he believed, were not charged to the Rates, the one being the Scavenger, and the other the Bellman of the Town.

He further said. That he had known the Town and Church of Gainsborough 56 Years, and had been Churchwarden there: That, about23 Years ago, there was a Discourse of rebuilding the Church, but nothing was done thereupon; and he said. He did not believe that the Condition thereof was worse now, than at that time: That there are Two Props in the Church, which have been there everfmee be knew it; and that he had heard that they had been there long before; the Bottoms whereof, about 26 Years ago, being rotten were cut oft, and underpinned with Brick and Stone: That, since the Underpinning of the Props, he never perceived any visible Alteration in the Church, which he had viewed according to the best of his Judgment; but pretends to no great Skill in such Affairs.

Mr, Edward Goddard, Mason and Bricklayer, said. That he hath been frequently employed in repairing large 22 Buildings;

9 Geo. II.

9° Marta.

6it

Buildings; and thfct he viewed the said Church in Febrto- Purport with Goddard's, as to the Condition of the said Gamfborough ary 1735, with another Mason, Two Carpenters, and Church, its being* repairable/and as to the Estimate of Church, some of the Parishioners, and spent Three Hoars in such such Repair, and t heir being willing to undertake it at View; of which they had a,fair Opportunity, by means the Sams efti mated.

of several Holes that were laid open for that Purpose: And Madder added, That he had been concerned in

That his Assistants and he remarked, that the Outside the Repair of the Church of Burton, in Nottinghamjkire,

Walls from the Ground to the Water Table, were which was in a more ruinous Condition than Gains* very level, and without Cracks; That they did not borough Church, he having examined into all the Parts dig to search the Foundations, because, had there been of that Repair.

any Defeat there, the Walls could not have been in the Mr. Silverwood, being again examined in the Presence

Condition they were: That the South Wall lie levelled of the Four kist Witnesses, said, That the Stones, com-with his Eye; but did not apply any Line or Instru- posing the Arch at the Bast End of the South Wall of ment to it, because there is no Break 6rt Interruption the Middle Isle of the Church, are shattered and dif-to prevent his Sight from the Porch to* the Chancel, jointed: and the Outside Wall on the South Side cannot being, in Length, about 15 Yards: That be found the be levelled in Orte Length, from the Porch to the Ghan-North Outside Wall in the same Condition, and the cel, because of an Interruption by a Buttress, and

Water Table is 18 Inches above the Ground: , Monument. ' r

That they then proceeded to view the Body of the said Richard Offer ton, of Gainsborough, Carpenter,' feid

Church, and the Pillars; and examined their Founda- That he had examined the Arch above mentioned, and tions, by Observatiops made upon their Bales, which found the Piers fUppbtting the same so decayed, that he they found to b^ true and level, though the Shafts could tbruft his Hatid into the Cpacksthereof, and that the thereof overhung, but how much, the Witness could not Arch over it was in a bad Condition by reason thereof, say: That the Caps of all the Pillars appeared to be of Upon the whole, the Committee came to the follow-an equal Height or Level, and he perceived no Cracks ing Resolutions;

in the Pillars: That their Caps are about Eight or Nine Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Feet high; and that he got upon one of the Seats of the That the Allegations contained in the Petition of the JRe-Church, to view the fame; and that he believed the verend George Wade, DoClor in Divinity, Vicar, Cordell Pillars had been fvvayed by a Wind, and also by the Storrs, John Christopher, anA Henry Parr, Churchward-Weight of the Roof, which makes them overhang: ens of the Parish of Gainsborough, in the county of ’LIII-

That, as to the Arches, there was no Settlement nor coin, and of the Committee appointed by the Parishioners Cracks in them, neither are any of the Stones thereof in Vefiry, on behalf of themselveg; and the rest of the disjointed:'That the Pillars are of good hewn Stone; Inhabitants of the said Parish, have been fully'proved., but that some Part of the Church, especially the Span- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

drells of the Arches, are of small Stone, joined with bad That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill,

Mortar: to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Gainsborough,

That he proceeded to view the Roof, from a Distance in the County of Lincoln, to rebuild the Church of the of about 14 Feet, from which View he formed his Judg- said Parish.

ment; but owned, that had he been nearer, and turned Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to up the Lead, and uncovered the Ends within the Walls, enable the Parishioners of the parish of Gainsborough, he could have better determined upon the Condition in the County of Lincoln, to rebuild the Church of the thereof; but that the greatest Part thereof appeared to said Parish: And that Mr. Vyntr, Sir Jermyn Davers, be good. Sir Thomas SaunderJ'on, Mr. Monjon, and Mr. Sibthorpe,

He said, That he did not pretend, on such a View as do prepare, and bring in, the fame, he took, to make a true Estimate of the Charge of repairing the said Church, but thereby he could venture to The Lord Sundon presented to the House, according st. Arm*’* affirm, that it was repairable; and that, should the Ends to Order, a Bill for the better regulating the Nightly Westminster of the Timber within the Walls be rotten or unfound, they Watch and Beadles within the Parish of St. Anne, within may be mended by stabbing, and bolting with Iron, with- the Liberties of the City of Westminster: And the same ' a c c# out taking down the Roof: That, as to the Pillars and was received 5 and read the First time.

Wall within the Church, they cannot be set streight, with- Rejoiced, That the Bill be read a Second time,

out being taken down: That, were he to take off the

Battlement Walls, and the Two Props were suffered to A Petition of the Master, Wardens, Assistants, and Wearing remain, he could repair the Church so as to stand for Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers of printed many Years, for about £.200; and believes that the within the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, Cahlcot;s* Church would stand, even if the Props were taken away: was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That he neither knows the Declension of the South Wall That large Quantities of Cotton Woo), being the of the Middle Isle, or of the South Outside Wall: for Growth of his Majesty’s Plantations in America, are neither he, nor his Assistants, plumbed any thing: yearly imported into that City, which is generally pur-

That he had been concerned in the Repair of St. chafed, or taken in Exchange for Woolens, Fustian%

Mary's Church at Nottingham, which he apprehended and other the Manufactures of Great Britain; and that was in as ruinous a Condition as the Church of Gain/- the said Cotton imported, not only employs vast Num-borough now is; but he owned, that it did not lean quite bers of People in the Manufacturing thereof in this so much, and that it was built of Ashler Stone, and not Kingdom; but that the Goods made therefrom are propped: And he said, that he is not of opinion, that very essential in purchasing Negroes on the Coast of the Church of Gainsborough could be underbuilt; and Africa, who are carried from thence to the British that he could take down the Roof of the Middle Isle, Colonies in America; and that the Importation of Cot-and puli down the Walls and Pillars, and newereft the ton Wool is of very great Service to the West India' fame, and repair the whole Church with good Stone and Trade, being a light Commodity, and paying a large Brick, for about £. 500; but that he had made no Com- Freight to the Petitioners, and others concerned in the putation, tojuftifv his Opinion, only from the aforesaid said Trade, and, consequently, being of great Encou-View; and that "he did not therein include the new ragement to the Navigation of this Kingdom: And Pavement of the Church. therefore praying, That the Bill, now before the House,

He said further, That he was willing to undertake to explain an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the the said Repair, and to give Security for the Perfor- Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, xn?nce thereof. intituled, An Act to preserve and encourage the

Mr. Jof. Madder, Mr. Francis Williamson, and Mr. Woolen and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and Samuel Barnes, the Persons who assisted in his Survey, for more effectual employing the Poor, by prohibiting being severally examined, gave Evidence to the same the Use and Wear of all printed, painted, stained, or

Yol, 22.

?T

dyed

Wearing W printed Call i cues.

Southampton Election

Registry of Ships.

York

Election.

90 — lO'M&rtii. '

dyed CaUioqes, in Apparel, Hotlfliold-ftufT, Furniture, or ©therwife, after the 25th Day of December 1721, except as is therein excepted, so far as relates to Goods made of Linen Yarn, and Cotton Wool, manufactured in Great Britain, may pass into a Law, or such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said.Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Woolcombers, or Makers of Worded Yarn, and others, in the County of Suffolk, and Town of Burj/y on behalf of themselves, and, many Thousand Persons concerned in the Making and Spinning Worded Yarn, was presented to the House, and read} setting forth. That, for feme time after the Passing of the said Act, made in the Seventh Year of his late Majesty, there, was a great Demand for Worded Yarn made in the said County; and the Spinners thereof, who are very numerous there, had thereupon full Employ, and better Wages; and complaining of the IJfe of printed or painted Cottons, to the great Damage of the Petitioners: And therefore praying,. That the said Act may not be explained, to the Disadvantage of the Woolen Manufacture, hut that it may receive; such Protection and Encouragement as to the House shall seem meet*

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for hearing, at the Bar of this House, the Matters of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Southampton;

Ordered, That the Matters of the said Petitions be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Crete, Mr. Watts, Mr. Stephenson, Sir Hum. Howarth, Mr. Bance, Mr. Alderman Champion, Mr. Byng, Sir John Morgan, Captain Purvis, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Ashley, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Ashby, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Owners, Part-owners, Commanders, or Masters of Ships and Vessels employed in the Trade of Great Britain, is referred.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to the further hearing the Matters of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of York.

And the Counsel were called in:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner Sir Rowland Winn Baronet, and the other Petitioners, whose Petition complains of an undue Election and Return of Sir Myles Stapylton Baronet, for the said County, having proposed to disqualify Wm. Stolhard, who voted for the said Sitting Member at the said Election, in Right of a Freehold at Acomb, in the Hundred or Wapentake of Ainfiy, within the County of the City of York; and having examined a Witness, in order to prove that Acomb is within the said Hundred or Wapentake; and that the said Hundred or Wapentake is within the County of the said City; and having examined the said Witness, concerning the Usage of votingfor Freeholds lying in the said Hundred or Wapentake, at the Election of Knights of the Shire for the County of York; and having proposed to disqualify several other Persons who voted for the said Sitting Member, in Right of such Freeholds;

The Counsel for the said Sitting Member were heard, in Answer to the Evidence of that Disqualification.

And a Copy of the Record of the Letters Patent, granted by King Henry VI. the 1 ith Day of February, in the 27th Year of his Reign, to the Mayor and Citizens of, the City of York, was produced, and read; reciting, That the said City, the Suburbs and Preeinfts thereof, was then a County by itself, divided and separated from the County of York, and called the Couqty of the City Of York-, and that the Mayor and Citizens

of the said City were Bailiffs of, arid in the Hundred ot* Wapentake of, Ainfiy; and granting to therti, and their Successors, that the said Hundred or Wapentake, with the Appurtenances, should be annexed and united to the County of the said City, and be Parcel thereof; and that the said City, Suburbs, and Precinct, Hundred, or Wapentake, and each of them, with their Appurtenances, and every thing in them, and each of them, contained, except the Gastle of York, the Towers, Fofies, and Ditches, to the said Castle belonging, be the County of ithe said City, separated and divided from the County of York} saving always to the Church of York, and the Archbishop'; Dean, and Chapter thereof, arid every othe* Community Spiritual and Temporal, and all and Angular other Persons, all Kind of Franchises, Privileges, Rights* Commodities, and Customs, to them, or any of them, of;Right belonging.

Aud the Counsel for the said Petitioners being heard, by way of Reply 5

The Counsel were directed to withdraw.' iRefolved, That Persons, whose Freeholds die within that Part of the County of the City -of York, which h commonly called the Ainfiy, have a Right to vote for Knights of the Shire for the County of York.

The Counsel were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

Then thd Counsel for the said Petitioners examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify several other Persons who voted for the said Sitting Member at the said Election.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw. Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said Petition be adjourned till Thiirfday Morning uext.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the preventing fresh Fish, taken by Foreigners, being imported into this Kingdom; and for the Preservation of the Fry of Fish; and for giving Leave to import Lobsters and Turbots in foreign Bottoms; and for the better Preservation of Salmon within several Rivers in that Part of this Kingdom called England. 1

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 10° die Martii;

Anno 90 Georgii;IV1 Regis, 1735. Prayers.

SIR Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1736, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from the House called the Sign of the Re//r,in the Parish of St. Margaret's, in Rochester, to Maidflont, and

other

Vf

u

iri

Important

of

Fill); so,

Supply Bill Laud Tat

Hoehester t« Maidstone Roads.

New W iwlfcr Bridge.

9 Geo. II. 10° Mar Hi. 3

<<ther Road* therein mentioned, in the County of Kent, wtts read the I bird time.

Refotved* That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and enlarging the Hoad leading from the Honte raised the Sign of the Bdls, in the Parish of St. Margaret* in Rochejttr, to Maid done, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Finch of Maidstone do cariy the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The T^)rd Fere Betntderk reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs and Burgtfies, of the Town and Borough of Acre Windsor, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; anil had directed him to report the fame, as it apfieared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in nt the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is, as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuaiit1 to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition: And the Proofs, in Support of the Allegations there-of, were as follow; viz.

A Charter, bearing Date the iSth Day of September, in the 23d Year of the Reign of King //r/tn/the Vlth, was produced, and read; which recites Two former Charters, one dated the 10th Day of September, in the pth Year of the Reign of King Eduard the First, anil the other dated the 19th Day of May, in the 1 }th Year of Henry the Villi; whereby it appeared, that the Town and Borough of Acre Windsor was re-granted to the Burgesses, and approved Men thereof, their Heirs and Sweet (Tors, together with several Franchises thereto belonging, particularly Passages, Pontages, and Tolls.

Another Charter, dated the 2 ift of August, in the First Year of the Reign of King7r/wtrs the First, was also produced; w hereby it appeared, that the Manor of Windsor UndOre, in the County of Berks, then or late in the Occupation of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of Wind-for, w as confirmed to them, with several Franchises therein described, particularly Waters, Fisheries, Tolls, and Custotns.

A Lease was also produced, dated the 12th Day of September 1707; w hereby it appeared, that the Corporation of the Borough of Srew Windsor did, upon the Surrender of a former Lease, demise the several T olls of Passage and Pontage, set forth in a Schedule thereto annexed, to John Herring, of Windsor, Grocer, for the Term of Forty Years, at the yearly Rent of£. 5, upon Condition that the said Herring, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, should, at all times during that Term, sufficiently repair and maintain the Bridge, called WindJ'or Bridge, with its Appurtenances.

And the Tolls set forth in the Schedule annexed to the Lease, are as followeth;

£ d.

For every Hearse or Coach passing over

the said Bridge with a dead Corpse-----6 8

For every Hackney Coach, not a Freeman’s, for every Passage - - — — 1

For every Load, Passage or Carriage, with Houshold Goods, Wool, Earthenware, Charcoal, and Leather -----4

For every Load, Passage or Carriage, with Corn, Hay, Straw, Dung, Wood,

and Peat, Sc. - - a

For every Score of Sheep - 2

For every Head of Oxen, Hogs, and other

Cattle - - - - 1

For every Horse, Kc. loaded with Hampers or otherwise - - 4.

For every Barge, £fc. going under the said Bridge, down Stream *-----6

The said John Herring, being examined, said, That, he had been an Inhabitant in the Town of WindJ'or Vol. 22.

70 Years: That the Bridge there was always repaired by the Corporation, or their Lessees; and that, as Lessee to them, he is obliged to keep the same in Repair: That there is no I.and, nor any Provision whatever, for such Repair, besides the Tolls, of which Payment hath been refufod, of late Years, by several Persons, who ground their Refusal upon a Supposition, that the said Bridge is free-, which renders the Examinant unable to perform w hat, by his Lease, is incumbent upon him to da.

John Goiven, Thomas Gill, and Thomas Stevens, said. That during the Times to which they respectively gave Evidence, being 60, 40, and 30 Years, all Persons, except Freemen of Windsor, haveconstantly paid the Tolls, as mfed in the Schedule, One of the Witnesses having couftantly paid them himself for above 20 Years; and that the Payment thereof was never disputed, till of late Years, w hen the greatest Part of the Inhabitants of the County of Backs refafed Payment, upon the Supposition before mentioned.

So much of the above Evidence as relates to the Payment of Tolls, as rated in the Schedule, was confirmed by Mary Farr, w hose former Husband, John Andreios, was Under Tenant to Mr. Herring, the present Lessee, about r6 Wars ago.

Thomas Andreivs, One of the former Lessees of the Tolls, said. That the Income nriling therefrom, at present, is dimiuished from what the same was formerly, al-mostThree fourths; and that unlessadue Payment thereof is enforced, the Bridge must inevitably go to Ruin.

The said Thomas Andrews, John Gott en, Thomas Gill, and Thomas Stevens, being federally further examined, gave Evidence, That the said Bridge is now in a very ruinous Condition: And Thomas Stevens added, That several of the Piles are very much decayed; and that Two of them had been Jatelyforced away by the Rapidity of the Water, occasioned by the late r foods.

John Herring, being further examined, said. That the Expence of effectually repairing the said Bridge will amount to£. 500; and that, provided the Tolls were duly paid, the same would not amount to above £. 30 per Annum.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Nezc WindJ'or, in the County of Berks, to repair and maintain their great Bridgeover the River of Thames, leading from the said Borough of Nezv Windsor to Eton in the County of Bucks: And that the Lord Fere Beauclerk, the Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Winninton, and Mr. Thomas Tower, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Danvers presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing and dividing the Common, and Common Field, in the Manor of Ixworth, in the Town of Incorth, in the County of Suffolk: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Mailer of the Rolls presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to restrain the Dispositions of Lands, whereby the same become unalienable: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Reginald Lygon Esquire, otherwise Pyndar, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take upon him and them the Surname and Arms of iAjgon, pursuant to the Settlement of William Lygon Esquire, deceased, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr.5'tfwdyjralfo reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Bartholomew Richard BarncbyYLtquwe,

otherwise

lx worth In closure.

Aliening Lands in Mortmain.

Pyndar’s

Name.

Lutley's

Name.

&24 to0 M 1735.

otherwise Lytley, and the Blue of his Body, to take upon him and them the Surname of Barneby, pursuant to the Willof/0//7z Barneby Esquire, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. .

Ordered, That the Bill be mgroifed.

Illegal A Petition of the DruggiIts, Grocprs, China-men, and

Im|)f Tea°" ^iers» Dealers in Tea, \vas presented to the House, and read j setting forth, That the Petitioners were induced, to hope, that theln.tereftof the fair Trader in Tea would have been effectually securedby an Act, passed in the jeiUh Year of IpsI^teMajjesty, by which an Inland Duty of as. //^rPopnd was laid on ajl Tea, without Di function of Quality; b^t, notwithstanding the Regulations made; by that'AH, and tile many Penalties the Smugglers of Tea, and their Accomplices, are liable to by Law, the Petitioners have fatally experienced the c]Laude(tine Importation of this Commodity is so far from being prevented, that it is carried on to such a Degree, that the Petitioners have theftrongeftReafon to believe, that near One-balf of the Tea consumpd in this Kingdom pays no Duty; and that the very high Duty of 4 v. per Pound, as well as the Inequality of its being laid, are the principal Foundation of the pernicious Practice of Smuggling, the coarser Sorts bearing much too gi-eat a Proportion of the said Duty, and by the Smugglers bought abroad at One-third of the Price it will Hand the fairTrader in at home; and that unless some Remedy be applied, effectually to prevent this known Evil, the Petitioners, and all fairTra-ders, will be under extreme Difficulties in carrying on their Trade, by reason of the Di fad vantages they are under, from the Practices of Smuggling, as well as from the Hardships they endure, and the Trouble they arp put to, by the Execution of the said Act; and that IhePetitioners conceive the most effectual Means of putting a Stop to the clandestine Importation of Tea, will be to alter the present Duty of 4,$*. per Pound, to a certain Rate ad valorem, according to the Prices Tea shall fell for at the East India Company’sSale; by which Alteration the Pe* titi oners apprehend, the Amount of the Duty to the Publick will be equivalent, considering the Quantity now fraudulently imported will be then added to the Revenue: And therefore, for the Preservation of this Trade to the Petitioners, by putting an End to the Practice of Smuggling, and for securing a Revenue to the Publick, by the Importation of this Commodity, in British Ships, from China, and other Parts of India; and for preventing any Money being lent to neighbouring Countries, for the Purchase of Tea, to be clandestinely imported and conr fumed in this Kingdom; praying the House to take the Premisesinto Consideration; and give the Petitioner? such Relief as to the House shall feeni meet.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, to consider of the most effectual Means to put a Stop to the great and growing Evil arising from the unwarrantable and illegal Methods of importing Tea and other Goods, into this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Druggists, Grocers, China-men, and others. Dealers in Tea, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Sebt toPthe ^he Order, of the Day being read, for the House to

Crown. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hpufe, to

consider of the Petition of Edward Randolph, late of London, Merchant, on behalf of himself, and his Sureties;

Resolved, That this Hopfe will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Sail-cloth The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Manufacture, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whopi

the Petition of the Makers of Sail-plotli, and others, in behalf of themselves, and many Thoufa, nds of the Poor of this Kingdom, employed in the manufacturing thereof, was referred.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of foreign Sail-cloth imported into England, from Qhripnas, \729 to Christmas 1734; distinguishing each Year $ with an Account of the Duty paid for the same, and v\4iat Quantity has been re-exported; be referred to the said Committee.* \ :)

Ordered, That the Account of what Rnglish cloth has been exported, from Christmas 1729 to Christmas 1734'; together with an Account of ftliejBppty paid thereon 5 distinguislii Ag each Year $ be referred to the said Committee. !; > k;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair; k

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refolye itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, tp whom the Petition of the Makers of Saibclpth, and others, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousendsof the Poor of this Kingdom, employed in the manufacturing thereof, was referred.

r ' . ;: I

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this HQufe will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee,

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House, resolved itself into a Committee of the WpariD, whole House, upon the Bill to explain an Act, passed in of printed I the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Caliicoa. George the First, intituled, An Act to preserve and encourage the WooIenandSilkManufaHpres of this Kingdom, and for more effectual employing the Poor, by prohibiting the Use and Wear of all printed, painted, stained, or dyed Callicoes, in Apparel, Houflipld-stuff, Furniture, or otherwise, after the 25th Day of December 1722, except as is therein excepted, so far as relates to Goods made of Linen Yarn, and Cotton Wool, manufactured in Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Slmttleworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Shuttleworth repprted from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put; Committee That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be of

adjourned; Privileges.

The House divided.

The Yeas, went forth.

TCtefor, be Yeas] m.

TenereVo, U«N.es.{";:^, ]'*>

So. it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, who, by Instructious to them given by the House, upon Friday the Sixth Day of February last, and upon Monday the Sixteenth Day of the same Month, are ordered to hear, upon this Day, the Matter of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Scarborough, in the County of York', That they do hear the Matter of the said Petitions next after the Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions complaining of au undue Election and Return for the Shire of Stirling.

A Motion

t

9 Geo. II. i o° — 110 Martii.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do not proceed on any Petitions, now before them, complaining of undue Elect ions or Returns, after the Hearing the Matters of the several Petitions complaining of an undue F.lcftion and Return for the Shire of Stirling; of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Scarborough, in the County of York; of the Petition of Sir William Gordon Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Shire of Sutherland; and of the Petition of Thomas Parker Esquire, complaining of an undue Eh ft ion and Return for the Borough of Stafford, in the County of Stafford;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to ,the Question, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words, * and aftrr the Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of James Brodie, of Spynie, Esquire, complaining of an undue Elec*ion and Return for the Shire of Xairn" And the Question being put. That tliofc Words be addict to the Qiieltion;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

T , r i v CLord Pohcarth, Tellers for the *ca>, j NJ(.

rw. , r , v- (Lord BaltimoreB T? ers f«>r the No«,jMr

|io6

V,-

i 3/‘

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do not proceed on any Petitions, now before them, complaining of undue Elect ions or Returns, aftertho Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions

complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Sliire of StirVng . of the fev ral Petitions complaining of an undue Ejection and Return for the Borough of Scarht'rongh, in the County of York; of the Petition of Sir H 'tn, Gordon Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Shire of Suthetland; and of the Petition of ’Thomas Parker Esquire, complaining of an undue El'-'trm and Return for the Borough of Stafford in the County of Stafford,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

jfovis, ii° die Martii;

Anno 9* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1735. Prayers.

Itecovcry of O I R John Barnard presented to the House, according Sowlllkbu O to Order, a Bill for the more easy and speedy m Loadoa. Recovery of final! Debts within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof: And the same was received; and read the Firfi time.

Rcjblved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Pyndar* An ingrossed Bill to enable Peginald Lygon Esquire, Kame. otherwise Pyndar, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take upon him and them the Surname and Arms of Logon, pursuant to the Settlement of William Lygon Esquire, deceased* was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz,

Pr. 2. L. 22. To leave out "the said," and, after " Jane " insert " the Wife of the said Corbyn Pr. 3. L. 11. To leave out " the said

L. 12 After " Savage" insert "of ElmlyCastle, At in the County of U'orcester, Esquire;" and, in the same Line, alter " Tullye." to insert M of Gi'ay's Inn, in the u County of Middlesex, Esquire."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the R'H do pal's: And that the Title be. An Act to enable ReginaldLygon, Esquire, otherwise Pyndar, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take upon Vo l. 22.

him and them the Surname and Arms of Logon, pursuant to the Settlement of William Lygon Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Bartholomew Richard Lutley's Barneby Esquire, otherwise Latin/, and the Issue of his Name. Body, to take upon him and them the Surname of Barneby, pursuant to the Will of John Barneby Esquire, deceased, was read the Third lime.

Rejoin'd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Bartholomezv Richard Barneby Esquire, otherwise Lutlcy, and the Illne of his Body, to take upon him and them the Surname of Barneby, pursuant to the Will of John Barneby Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do cariy the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Francis Child reported from the Committee, to Cane-wood whom the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are hane. thereunto subserih* d, who frequently travel through the Lane leading from Highga/e to liampjlead, commonly called Cane-icottd Lane, in the County of Middlesex, was ref ried, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place*, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Mortage from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas Bennett and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intitulpd. An Act P'mishing to pnnifli Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better -Mutiny and Payment «»f the Army and their Quarters; without any hirlernon. Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by Itepeal of this House, to one of the Amendments, made by their 1 Jac. I. Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal the ^a,nlr Statute, made in the Firli Year of the Reign of King ltcIlcra u James the First, intituled, An Act against Conjuration, Witchcraft, and dealing with evil and wicked Spirits, except so much thereof as repeals an Act, of the 5th Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, against Conjurations, Iiichantments, and Witchcrafts.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Cane-wood Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Paue. several Persons, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, who frequently travel through the Lane leading from High gate to ilampjlead, commonly called Cane-iooood Lane, in the County of Middlesex, was referred: And the said Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Oni°r of the House, of the 9th inllant, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove what is alleged therein,

Mr. Geo. Middleton was examined: Who said, That he frequently travels through the Lane, called Cane-zvood Lane, which is become so ruinous in the Winter St-afun, that it is dangerous for Travellers to pass that Way:

And he said, He apprehended that the carrying great Quantities of Gravel, after Michaelmas, from Ilampjlead Heath, to repair the Roads from Jiighga/e Gate-house to Barnet Block-house, and from London to Highgate, hath oceaiioned the Badness of the said Road.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, One in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other of the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from Highgate Gate-house, in the County of Middlesex, to Barnet Block-house, in the County of Hertford; and also the Road leading from the itazr Inn, in Hadley, to the Angel, in Enfeld Chace, in the said County of Middlesex; is y U committed;

Answer to Addref*.

Duty on Olive Oil.

Debtors

Petition*

Reading, kc. Roads.

Improving the Streets ^of Loadon.

oor Laws,

Aliening Lands in Mortmain.

LyP Nat.

626 11° — I

committed; That they do make Provision in the said Bill for repairing the Lane leading from Highgate to Hampflead, commonly called Cune-zvood Lane.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Thursday the 4th Day of this inftnnt March., That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, That a Copy of a Treaty of Navigation and Commerce, concluded at Petersburgh the 2d Day of December 1734, between his Majesty and her Czarifli Majesty, might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him tp acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

'A Petition of the Traders employed in the Woollen Manufacture in Newbury, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the heavy Duty upon Olive Oil: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt, in his Majesty s Gaol the Castle of York, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir John Cope presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways from Crown Corner, in the Town of Reading, leading by and through the several Parishes of Shinfield and Heck field, in the several Counties of Berks, Wilts, and Southampton, to Basingjioke, in the said County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Alderman Perry presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better lighting the Streets of the City of London: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Hay presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor; and for the more effectual punishing Rogues and Vagabonds; and for reducing the Laws relating to the Poor, and to Rogues and Vagabonds, into one Law: And the same was received; and read the First time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Bill to restrain the Dispositions of Lands, whereby the same become unalienable, be printed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to naturalize Henry Lys, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kent, Lord Sundon, Sir Charles Vsrnon, Mr. Pitt, 'Mr. Archer, Lord Polwarth, Mr. Price, Mr. Hor/emonden Turner, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Hen. Archer, Mr. Speake, Colonel Onslow, General Wade, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Or/loxv, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Sandys, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Par/ons, Sir Roger Brad/haigh, Sir Robert Aufien, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Mr. Boone, Mr. St. John, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Rutherford, Mr. Harley, Lord Morpeth, Sir Miles Stapylton, Sir Francis Boynton, Lord Robert Mountagu, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Justinian 1/ham, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Glanville, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Tre/ufls, Mr. Bramjlen; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

17

5 Martii. 1735.

Ordered, That the Petition of Frederick Ludoviclt Metzner, which was presented to the House upon Tue/ day the Second Day of this instant March, and ordered to lie upon the Table, be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that they do add the Petitioner to the said Bill, if they think fit.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act PMl'p* to enable Robert Phillips Esquire, and his Issue Male, to KM,e* take and use the Surname of Lee, pursuant to the Will of Robert Lee Esquire, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Harry Waller reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Road-granted by an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, an Act for repairing the Road from Beconsfield, in the County of Bucks, to Sloken Church, in the County of Oxon, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the York Matters of the several Petitions complaining of an Eeflioi, undue Election and Return for the County of York.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner Sir Rowland Winn Baronet, and the other Petitioners, whose Petition complains of an undue Election and Return of Sir Miles Stapylton Baronet, for the said County, examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify several other Persons, who voted for the said Sitting Member at the said Election.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions, be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tormorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 12* die Martii;

Anno 9* Georgii II41 Regis, 1735.

Prayers.

MR. Bramflon reported from the Committee* to Afliz?of whom the Petition of the Matter and Wardens Bread io of the Company of Bakers, in the City of London, on L,udon# behalf of themfel.ves, and the rest of the Bakers within the Bills of Mortality, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appealed to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it ii* at thfe Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and the Report and Resolutions of the Committee are as folio weth; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the Petition:

The Petitioners, to prove the First Allegation contained in their Petition, laid before the Committee,

The Act of Parliament, passed in the 8th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for regulating the Price and Affile

of

9 Geo. II. \2° Martii* 617

of Bread; by which Act the Magistrates irtipowered of the Second Sort of Wheat Returned; though the Assize of to ascertain the Price and Assize of Bread, are to re- First Sort of Wheat cannot be used in Making of Bread in gulate such Price and Assize according to the Price Wheaten Bread, without separating the worser Part LorK*on* which the Grain, Meal, or Flour, whereof such Bread from it.

shall be made, shall bear, in the several public Markets Thomas Stocken, Baker, said, That he had followed

in or about the City, Town, or Place where such Assize that Trade 22 Years: That, about 20 Years ago, he shall be set; which is to he ascertained according to could buy as much Yeast for One Penny as he can the Table annexed to the said Act: now buy for 6d.; and that he could hire a Man then

And several subsequent Acts of Parliament, for con- for 5s. a Week, but must now give Seven; and that he tinuing and explaining the aforesaid Act, were also could do more Work with One Man at that time, than laid before the Committee. he can now do with a Man and a fioy, much less Bread

Then Witness'es were examined; viz. being then carried out to the Housekeepers than now*

John Nichoils', Meal-factor: Who said, That the it being sent for from the Bakers Shops; and that he Prices of the Three Sorts of Bread, specified in the could then purchase 106 of Stack-faggots, which now Act, are ascertained from the Prices of Three Sorts of colts him 14,?. per Hundred, for 11$.

Wheat, as sold at Bear Key, and that the belt Wheat Samuel Clark, Baker, said, That he-had been iti at Bear Key is generally fold in Parcels, with a worse Trade between 30 and 40 Years; and that he had Kind, at a medium, or One common Price, which formerly bought Faggots for 8$. per Hundred, better Price is returned as the Price of the belt Wheat; and than those which now colt him 155; and formerly therefore, supposing that the Firli Sort of Wheat is fold bought as much Yeast for id. as now he gives a Shil* in Parcels, with a worse Sort, at 32$. the Second Sort ling for; and that he then could hire a Man for 4s. per at 30s. and the Third Sort at 28^. per Quarter, the Af- Week, but now gives 7s. or 8s. per Week, fixe of the best Bread is set at 30$. being the Medium Samuel Willis, Meal-man, said, That it would be a

of those Three Prices, so taken from the common more certain Method to set the Price of Bread from Price of the several Sorts so fold together: Flour, than from Wheat; because Flour is now be*

That of the belt Sort of Wheat sold at Bear Key, come a Standard, being brought 10 such a Perfection, the best Wheaten Bread is made; and that the highest that it cannot be exceeded: That the Flour produced Price returned by the Meal-weighers, is not the Sort from Wheat bought at Bear Key, is not the Twentieth fit for making white Bread, but the Price of different Part of what is consumed in the Bills of Mortality {

Kinds of Wheat fold together in Parcels: That the therefore, those Countries which furnish the other 19 Meal-weighers, who are the Officers appointed to re- Parts, suffer by the Assize being fixed from a kind of turn the Prices of Wheat at Bear Key, leldom or ever Wheat inferior to that of which such Flour is made; go into the Vessels themselves; but inquire the Price and that there is very little bought at Bear Key, and of Wheat from the Factors, and other Dealers. converted into Flour, but the Bakers buy their Flour

John Wyburd, Baker, said, That the Magistrates af- at Queenhithe, and other Markets; and when the Assize certain the Prices of the Three Sorts of Bread, ac- for the City of London is settled, it has an immediate cording to the Three Prices of Wheat returned to Influence on the adjacent Counties: them by the Meal-weighers; and that when the Assize That all Sorts of Flour are of equal Weight; but of Wheaten Bread is fixed, the Price of the other Two that different Kinds of Wheat differ in Weight,

Sorts is settled, proportionally; and that the Assize of John Slrutt% Meal-man, said, That he has expe-Wheaten Bread is always settled from the Medium of rienced that the Assize of Bread within the Bills of the Three Prices of Wheat returned by the Meal- Mortality, being set from the Price of an inferior Kind weighers: of Wheat fold in Parcels at Bear Key, has affected the

That the general Method of returning those Prices neighbouring Counties; because the Price of Bread is, from the Price of the chief Run of Wheat fold being reduced, the Country Markets are at a Stands in Parcels at Bear Key, and from thence the Meal- till the_ Price of Wheat is reduced in proportion, weighers settle the best Price; thongh there is Wheat Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the in those Parcels foperior in GoodnefsTwo or Three following Resolutions:

Shillings in a Quarter to other Wheat in the same Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Parcel: That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations

That the Bakers do not buy the Thii*d Sort of of their Petition.

Wheat mentioned in the Returns of the Meal-weigh- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ers; because the Flour of the Second Sort answers the That the most certain and most equal Method of af*

Purpose of making their Houshold Bread; and that certaining the Price and Assize of Bread within the such Third Sort is bought by the Starch-makers, Dif- Bills of Mortality, with Justice to the Public, as welt tillers, and Biscuit-bakers. as to the Bakers, will be, to fix the same from the

Nicolas Norton, Meal-man, said, That the best Kind Price of such Flour only, whereof each Sort of Bread of Wheat is sold at Bear Key, with Wheat of inferior is made, making a reasonable Allowance to the Quality, at One common Price; and that the Meal- Bakers for every Bushel of Flour, proportionable to weighers cannot distinguisti the true Price of each dif- the ancient and customary Allowance for every Bushef ferent Sort. of Wheat.

James Kirby, Meal-factor, said, That the finest Sort Resolved, That it is the Opinion Of this Committee, of Bread, which is called French Rolls, is made with That the House be moved, for Leave to bring in a Bill the finest Flour, produced from the choicest Kind of for the better regulating and ascertaining the Price Wheat, superior to any Sort reported in the Prices and Assize of Bread in the City of London, and Parts given in by the Meal-weighers; and that there has adjacent, within the Bills of Mortality, been Machines lately invented, for the better cleaning The Second Resolution of the Committee, being and preparing of Wheat: That the choicest Wheat, of read a Second time, was, upon the Question put there-which the white Bread is made, is lelefted from diffe- upon, agreed to by the House.

rent Markets, particularly from Hertfordshire, Bedford- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill shire, and Huntingdonshire; and affords but a small for the better regulating and ascertaining the Price Quantity of Flour; and is sometimes not to be met and Assize of Bread in the City of London, and Parts with for a Month or Six Weeks together: adjacent, within the Bills of Mortality: And that Mr.

That there is a Sort of Wheat sold at Bear Key, fu- Bramfon, Sir Geo. Cajwall, Mr. Parsons, Sir Robert

perior, by Two or 3s. per Quarter, to that Sort return- Abdy, Mr. William Plumer, and Colonel Bladen, do

ed to the Magistrates: That the First Sort of Wheat so prepare, and bring in, the fame, returned, is not of sufficient Goodness to make white

Bread, but only the Second Sort, called Wheaten Colonel Campbell reported from the Committee, to Glasgow Ira*

Bread, the Price of which is assized from the Price whom the Petition of the Provost, Baillies, and Dean pavement.

Vol. 2Z of

61$ n'Martii. 1735.

Glasgow Im- Df Guild of Glasgow, for themselves, arrd in the Name provemeui. of t^e Town Council, and Community, of the said City, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; *" and he read the Keport in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof,

An Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for continuing the Duties of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer that shall he vended or sold within the City of Glasgow, and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City* was laid before the Committee.

And the following Witnesses were examined; viz.

Andrew Ramfty Esquire, Mr. John Coulter, and Mr. Neil Buchanan: Who produced and proved an Account of the Yearly Revenue and Charge of the City of Glasgow, as ext rafted from the City Books.

By which Account it appeared, that £. s. d. the Yearly Charge of the said City amounts to - - - - 3 >801 5 3

£ s. cf»

The yearly Revenue is 1,577 9 7

The Duty of Two fcnies Scots, granted by the aforesaid Act, at a Medium of Five Years,

amounted to 1,820-----

-----3,397 9 7

Which makes the yearly Deficiency of 403 15 8

The Witnesses said, That the City had been put to great Expence at the time of the Rebellion in the Year 1715; and, being brought under a great Load of Debt were lately necessitated to fell off their Lands, to discharge the fame.

That the public Buildings of the City want Repair, particularly the Church called The Wynd, which, from its ruinous Condition, must of Necessity be rebuilt; and, the City becoming very populous, there will be a Necessity for building another Church:

That the Expence of the City hath been increased, by paving the Streets of the Village of Garhells, upholding the Bridge over the River Clyde, and other Bridges and Avenues leading to the said City:

Thai the said Village holds Feu of the City; and its Inhabitants are entirely supported by the Trade thereof, enjoying almost every Privilege equal with the Citizens:

That the Village of Port Glasgow likewise holding Feu of the City, and paying to it upwards of £.100 in Fee-farm, was anciently purchased, and the Harbour built at the Charge of the City:

That the said City voluntarily employed the above Sum in repairing and enlarging the Harbour, and supporting the other Works of the Village of Port Glas gozoy and in pacing the Ministers Stipends; but that this Sum is not sufficient for these Purposes, without putting the City to an additional Charge.

Upon Examination of the whole Matter, it appeared to the Committee, That the Debt of the said City will inevitably increase by the Deficiency aforesaid; and that the City will be unable to prevent the fame, or carry on the Works aforesaid, unless the Term in the said Act, which expires the iff Day of November 1738, be prolonged, and unless the Duty be extended over the said Villages of Garbells and Port Glasgow, holding Feu of the said City.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Duty of Two Renies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer that shall b« vended or sold within the City

of Glasgow, and Villages of Garbells and Port Glas gow, and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City and Villages: And that Colonel Campbell, Mr.

IVm. Campbell, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, and Mr. Linclfay, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Howland Alfton reported from the Committee, to Biggleswade whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers llou granted by an Act, pafl'ed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Road from Biggleswade> in the County of Bedford, to Bug-den, and through Alconberry, to the Top of A Icon-berry-hill, or Cro/s-pojt, leading into Sautery-lane, on the York and Edinburgh Road, and from the said Town of Bugden to the Town of Huntingdon, and from Cross-hall, in Eaton So ken, in the said County of Bedford, to Great Stoughton Common, in the said County of Huntingdon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment of One of them, agreed to by the House.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

MiY Shiittleworth, according to Order, reported from Wearing the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill of printed to explain an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of his Cailicocw late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to preserve and encourage the Woollen and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for more effectual employing the Poor, by prohibiting the Use and Wear of all printed, painted, stained, or dyed Cali coes, in Apparel, Houshold-stuft’ Furniture, or other wise, after the 25th Day of December 1722, except as is therein s excepted, so far as relates to Goods made of Linen Yarn, and Cotton Wool, manufactured in Great Bi'i-tain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bilij and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with th£ Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John Barnard reported from the Committee, to Relief of tly whom the Petition of the Merchants of London, trading lMmytf to Cadiz and Port St. Mary's, in the Kingdom of at Spain, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and Lad directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, phrfuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition;

And, in order to prove the Allegations thereof,

Francis Crews was examined: Who said, That he had lived at Cadiz 12 Years; and that, during his Reftdence there, as well as for Time immemorial, by the heft Information he could there get, it had been customary for the Deputies of the Nation, w ho are chosen yearly by the British Factory there, to demand certain finall Sum*, viz.

One ilial per Ducat, or the Eleventh Part of the Value of 16 the

p Geo. II.

12° Ma

629

the Freight, on Bale Goods, and Two Rials per Ton on other Goods, from the Ow ners of British Ships importing Goods and Merchandizes into that Bay, and Port St. Mary s: That the same hud generally been received and recovered upon die Goods so imported; and tin; Money arising therefrom applied to the Relief of Widows, decayed Merchants, fliipw recked Mariners, and other pious and rharituble l ies.

And he fnrtlicr fuid, Tlmt the like Method was observed by the Factor* and Merchants of other Nations, as having liecn found univerliillv tifeful and convenient: lltat the French luive a particular Edict for thut Purpose, from their Sovereign, and, in pursusnee of it, oblige the English to pay loi the Goods imported in their Ships: That the Dutch* and other Nations, iiave likewise (iitlicient Audio-rity from Uieir resp'Ctive Governments, to exact the Payment of thelcfm ill Sums, upon Goods imported into that Bay in their Ship*; but, the same being wanting to die English Fuftor* and Mu chants there, and the Audiority dmt the\ have founded only upon Agreement umongtt theinfelve", they arc thereby uj>on a worth Footing than the rest of the Nations; and, notwithstanding the y arc obliged to pay to all, the Spaniards, Flanish, French, and Ibnutimr* the Englidi, frequently refute to |my tliein lor floods imported in British Vessels.

And, being further examined, he laid, That the Deficiency anting from the Want ot proper Authority in the Fnghjh to compel the Payment of thele small Sums, was frequently attended with very great Hardthip* to the Factory I here, as wt 11 as detrimental to the Publick in general: That he had known himself, by Inflection into their Books, die Deputies of the Nation lay out 1,500 Dollars in a year more dmn was collected, und diut upon Cfes approved of by the Nation; and, when diey were no longer able to aifift the Poor of their Nation, he has known the Seamen, through Ncceility, turn Papilis, and lift tliemlclves into the Spanuh Service.

Mr. John Ktmf), w ho lived Nine Years at Fort St. Marys, being examined, continued die Evidence of Mr. Crcus, with regard to the Custom immemorial of demanding, and generally receiving, tiiefc small Sums, and the pious l ies they were applied to, as well as Ibmetimes to the Maintenance of the British Rights and Privileges; the Practice of the Factors and Merchants of other Nations, und the Alliliunce given to them by their rcipeftive Governments therein; the Mant of fuel t A Alliance to the F/rjlish, and the llurdlhij) arising to the Merchants, as we ll as Detriment to die Publick, from the Seamen being obliged, for w ant of proper Redrels from their Country-mcn, to enter into foreign Service.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more equal paying, and better collecting, certain small Sums for Relief of lliipw recked Mariners, and distressed lYrfons, his Majesty's Subjects, in die Ports of Cadiz and Fort St. Mary's, in die Kingdom of Spain, and for odier pious and charitable Uses, usually contributed to by the Merchants trading to the said Ports: And that Sir John Barnard, Mr. Alderman Ferry, Mr. Alderman IFiilimott, and Mr. Alderman Parsons, do prepare, and bring in, die fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gendemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify diem-selves for Odices or Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and for explaining and amending so much of an Act, passed in the Second Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify tliemlclves for Offices or Employments, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, and for repealing so much of an Act of Parliament, passed in the First Year of his late Majesty King George the First, as requires Persons to quality them tel ves for Offices or Employments widish 'Three Months, and for limiting other Times for such Qualifications; as also for the Repeal of lo much of an Vol. 22.

Act, patted 30* Car. IP1, as relates to the sworn Servants of the Kings or Queen's Majesty, as requires Persons to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments before die End of the next Term or Quarter Sessions; and for limiting other limes for such Qualifications;

That they do inlert a Clause, or Clauses, in the said Bill, for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestarit Purchasers, Devilces, and Lessees.

Mr. Sandys presented to the House, according to Or- Limiting der, a Bill for the I letter securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by limiting die Number of Officers in the House the Hous«. of ('ominous: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Rcfoived, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House was moved, that an Act, made in the 25th Motion for Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled,

An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from w$9

Popish Recusants, might be read:

And the laiue being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, passed in die 25th Year of the Reign of King Charles die Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recutants, as obliges all Persons who are admitted into any Office,

Civil or Military, to receive die Sacrament of the Lord s Supper within a Time limited by the said Act; and for explaining und amending lo much of the said Act as relates to the Declaration against Transubstantiation;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

IVIIm for the Nocs,{ j,'Wtymc.j

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Rcfoived, That this House will, upon Tuejilay Morning clandestine next, relblvc itself into a Committee of the w hole House, Marriage*, upon the Bill for die more eftcftually preventing clandestine Marriages.

Ref died. That this House will, upon Monday Morning Eegulating next, rclblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Elections, upon the Bill for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, in that Part of Great Britain called England.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Westminfltf ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of die whole Bridge, House, upon die Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the A no Palace-yard, in the City of Westminster, to the oppositc Shore, in the County of Surry.

Rcfdvcd, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, Ways and at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Means, of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raisingdie Supply granted to his Majesty.

Rcfoived, That this House will, upon Tuefolay Morn- Importation ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole *Qi

House, upon the Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in die First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the preventing fresh Fish, taken by Foreigners, being imported into this Kingdom; and for the Preservation of the Fry of Fish; and for giving Leave to import Lobsters and Turbots, in foreign Bottoms; and for the better Preservation of Salmon within several Rivers, in that Part of this Kingdom called England.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Scarborough, of Privileges and Elections, That diey do hear the Mat- &c- E,ec>

7 X ters Uon*

6^0 12° — 15

ters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Scarborough, in the County of York, for the Shire of Sutherland, and for the Borough of Stajford, in the County of StaJJord, in Course, as they Hand in tins Order.

Committee Ordered; That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-

of Privileges, tions be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lurice, 150 die Martii;

Anno g° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1735.

Prayers.

Avon O IR Abraham Elton reported from the Committee, to Navigation. whom the Petition of Edward Heylin and Thomas Fane Esquires, John Wynne, Walter Hawksworth, Edward Gregory, and Onesiphorus Tyndal, Merchants, on behalf of themselves, and several other Merchants and Traders within the City of Bristol, and Parts adjacent, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof,

The Petitioners laid before the Committee, An Act of Parliament, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for making the River Avon, in the Counties of Somerset and Gloucester, navigable, from the City of Bath, to or near Hanham’s Mills. Then,

Mr Hen. Parker was examined: Who said, That, in pursuance of the Powers given by the said Act, the Navigation of the River Avon was completed about Eight Years ago, from a new Quay at or near the City of Bath, to Hanhams Mills; and that the same is capable of being further extended to or near the Towns of Bradford, Melksham, La cock, and Chippenham, in the County of Wilts.

Mr.# Smith, being examined, said, That in 1734, a Survey was taken of the Ground through which the Navigation was intended to be carried; and that the same Was found practicable.

The said Mr. Hen. Parker, and Mr. Timothy Gr if cold, being severally examined, said, That, in and near the Towns of Bradford, Melksham, Lacock, and Chippenham, considerable Manufactures in the Cloathing Trade are carried on; and that the extending the said Navigation to those Towns will be of great Benefit to the fame, and will reduce the Price of Carriage of all the Materials made use of in the said Manufactures, 40$. a Load being now paid for the Carriages of such Manufactures to some of the Places to which the Navigation is intended to be carried.

And they further said, That the said Navigation will also be of great Advantage to the Landed Interest, by reason the Farmers will be able to carry their Corn, and particularly Barley, to the Markets, much cheaper than they can now- do; and that, in case the said Navigation is carried on, the Roads will be preserved, which, at this time, are in a very ruinous Condition, particularly the Road leading from Bath to the Towns of Bradford and Melksham.

Then the Petitioners laid before the Committee, Articles of Agreement bearing Date the 17th Day of Feb. i?35; whereby it is agreed, That the Navigation of the said River shall be extended to the Towns before-mentioned, under certain Conditions and Restrictions, in case an Act of Parliament can be obtained for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

5Martii. 1735.

extending the Navigation of the River Avon from the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset, to the Town of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts: And that Sir Abraham Elton, Mr. Holland, Mr. Coster, Mr. Ivory Talbot, Mr. Long, and General Wade, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do Duties <m lay before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of i ca> ^c* the Subsidies, and other Duties, paid on Tea for Home Consumption, from Christmas 1716 to Chrijhnas 1723; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Cocoa-nuts and Chocolate imported, from Chrijhnas 171b to Christmas 1723; distinguishing each Year; with an Account of the Subsidies, and otl^*r Duties, paid thereupon, for so much as remained for Home Consumption.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Tea sold at the East India Company's Sales, from Chriji-mas 1728 to Christmas 1733, with the Average of the Pound Weight fold for each Year.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Tea seized in London, and the Out Ports, from Chriji-mas 1728 to Chrijhnas 1735, and at what Prices the same have been Ibid.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Excise do lay before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Inland Duties on Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate, from Mid-J'ummer 1724 to Alidjummer 1735; distinguishing each Year.

Mr. Hervey reported from the Committee, to whom Bury St. the Petition of the Aldermen, Recorder, capital Burgesses, Edmund's and Burgesses, of the Common Council of the Burgh of Streets, &e. Buiy St. Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk, and also the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Burgh of Bury St. Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk, were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio weth; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matters of the Petitions:

And, in order to prove the Allegations thereof,

The Reverend Mr. John Bat ley was examined: Who said, That the Streets and Highways within the said Town are very much out of Repair, and that several Parts thereof want paving: That Surveyors every Year are regularly appointed, to see that the said Highways and Streets kept in good Repair; and have constantly done their Duty, as far as they were able; but, the Number of Inhabitants being upwards of 7,000, he apprehends it to be impossible that the Surveyors should know when the Statute-work is done; and that, if the Laws relating to the same were rigorously put in Execution, they would be attended with very great Hardship to the poorer Sort of People.

And he further said, That the Streets of the said Town cut one another at Right Angles; so that the enlightening of them would thereby be considerably less expensive, inasmuch as one Lamp would throw a Light into several Streets.

The Petitioners then proceeded to lay before the Committee, so much of the Statute of Windufter, 13* Edit;.

Imi, as rebates to the Watch and Ward to be kept in great Towns.

And Mr. Batley, being again examined, said, That the said Statute had been complied with in the Town of Bury; but that the Watch and Ward, kept in pursuance of it, is of little or no Ule, and of a considerable Expence to the Inhabitants of the said Burgh.

Mr.

9 Geo. II.

15° Ma

631

Kent County buoL

Pot;/arth, Mr. 1.cch mere,

Sir R'.'vrt Rub. Mr. Hint nan, don, Sir ////;. (

Paul* Covent (i.tr-‘k-n Ni^LiIy W^tcb. '

Mr. Jb//// //<///, late Cor>6able of the said Burgh, confirmed tin* Km lence of Mr. Hatley, with regard to the bad Condition of the Highways and Streets, the Hardllnps and Difficulties of exacting a rigorous Execution oi the 1-aws now in I icing, from the jx/orer Sort ot People, towards repairing the lame; the Commmliouliiefs of the Streets from their Streightnels and Regularity, for enlightening the lame, at a linall Expence; and the Infus-tuicncv, wdl in the Exjunlivends, of the W atch and W ard now k< t>t in the said Burgh, purtlmnt to the Statute ol // mainjit /*, which, when Coultuble, he had frequently expt rii u« ( ik

Unit: id, That Ixavc1 be given to bring in a Bill for the letter repairing and paving the Streets and Highways, and for enlightening the Streets, I^anes, and PalVages, and keeping 11 ftiong and regular W atch, within the Burgh of Pur if St. A dmuiuL, in the County of Suffolk: And that Mr. Ilervci/, Sir Jermyn Dimr.v, and Colonel burton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to enable the Justices of the Peace afling for the W ell - in Division of the County of Ac///, to purchute a eotiven. nt Piece of Ground for building a Gaol for the said Comu \, and for impoweiing the said Justices to apply Pait of the County Stock of the said Division towards the lame, was read a Second time.

Rthdu d. That the Bill be committed to Sir Chris'topher PoucII, Mr. Him u, Sr Truncis C hild, Mr. J/r/nr, Mr. B re re I on, Mr. I Ionia/ry II ulunns, Mr. lit (di urth, Sir Jermyn Dams, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Larochc, Mr. Cart-xrright, Sir// ///. Hentworth, Mr. St. John, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Mar/hail, Mr. 1 lucks. Sir (n o. Downing, Mr. (ritda/t, Mr. ITnnet, Mr. Scrape, Sir Charles Timur, Mr. At:r-land, Mr. Gmc, Mr. /larini. Sir II m. Jluthcote, i-ord

Mr. Turn/h r, Mr. Levan, Mr. Cipbhvh, Lord Suu-//, Mr. Banks, Sir C hines Mur-daunt, Mr. Ft/ieh. Mr. // inniogton, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Con. Cafe.ill, Lord Middle Ur, Sir Eduard Ihring. Sir Juki/ Sb 7, Mr. Mr. Hairs, Mr. Hu nr C \n.'p-

Mr. I/ //, Mr. I\dh:U, Mr. lEh/sworth, Mr. Burred, Sir li/dnrt It:/ten, Mr. (Uctn.dc, Sir Francis linj/u-tn'i; and all the Mend eis who krve for the County of Kitit, mill the Cinque Ports: And t!:ey are to mi i t this Act moon at Live of tneCloek, in the Sptak* r’s Chamber.

s

A Bill lhr the lutt-T regulating the Nightly W atch, and B adli v within the Parish of St. Paul Covent Darden, within the Liberti* s of the City of H'cjhninster, was read a Si com! time.

Ui/ulud, That tin* Bill he committed to Mr. Archer. Mr. Hacks, Mr. Ilungerf/a d, Mr. Tracey, Sir John Hcathe/de, Mr. C/lcr, Colonel Mordaunt, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Parch//, Sir I Em. Heatheute, Mr. Seowcn, Mr. Haney, Mr. (lybbun, Sir James Grant, Mr. lower, Mr. Hay, Sir Che. Cafwall, Sir If iff rid June/on. Sir Den. IFynnc, Mr. Huxley, Sir Thomas Clarke, Mr. Brad-jhtne, Colonel Tyadcll, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Crotjc, Mr. Yorkc, Mr. Hooper, Lord James Cavendish, Mr. IFatts, Sir Charles I Eager, Lord Sundon, Mr. Longuexille, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Tor, Mr. II inning to//, Mr. Smith, Mr. Holland, Sir John liujhout, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hcdworth, Mr. Shutt/eieorth, Mr. Laroche, Lord Pohcarth, Mr. Henry, Mr. Hamilton, Sir John Shelley, Mr. H hite, Mr. Jllore, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Hawkins', Lord Glenorchy, Sir James Campbell, Mr. li'ilkinson, Mr. Tyner, Mr. Lewis, Colonel Ducket, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Conduitt. Sir Christopher Powell, Mr. Fane, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Hind Cotton, Sir I Em. Gage, Sir Jere. Sambrooke. Air. Crof/c, Mr. Cluttcrbuck, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Alderman lEUTnnott, Mr. Foley, Mr. Alderman Par fans, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Alderman Perry, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Pollen; and all the Members w ho serve for the County of Middle sex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Vol, 22.

A Bill for continuing the Term and Powefs granted Reading to by an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the ltcign of Bdfmgstoke his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act llwads* for repairing the Highways from Crown Corner, in the Town of Reading, leading by and through the several Parishes of Shin findand Hcckjelu, in the several Counties ol Berks, H ilts, and Southampton, to Ba/ingsiokc, in the said County of Southampton, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Grey,

Mr. Robert I lucks, Mr. Techy, Mr. Archer, Mr. Pet-hum, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Hen. Archer, Captain (rough, l/ycMUenorchy, Sir James Campbell, Sir. Longue* x/lte, Mr. C after, Mr. Marshall, Mr. St. John, Air.

Plumptrc, Mr. lE/nnington, Sir Charles Turner, Air.

Gregory, Mr. Bond, Mr. Ptumcr, Mr. Med/icott, Sir llm. Heath cote. Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Tydell, Mr.

Ioii/f. Sir 7human Lee, Sir Chris. Powell, Mr. Uybbun,

Sir IEm. Clay ton. Air. Bacon. Mr. Harley; and all the Members who Itrve for the Counties of Berks, (Jeon,

II /Itv, and South impton: And they are to meet this Alter-ijoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Cnamber.

The Iloufe was moved, That the Petition of /Em Removing Murray, eldest Son of Sir Patrick Murray. uiAuehertyrc, J'J^rra^# clicrali d, whicu w as presenteil to the House upon Friday |)V uumder the J7th Day of Ttbruary lull, might he read;

And the same being read accordingly;

OrtUnd, That it l>c an InliruOtion to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Dili to enable // id mm Murray, eh left Sun of Sir Patrick Murray, of ./acherfyre, dece ifed, to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of the said Attainder. to take or inherit any real or personal Kltate that may or shall he real ter deleend or come to him: That tin y do extend the said Bill to remove any Disability in him, h\ reason of the said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or p; rlhnal Estate that would otherwise havedefeend-cd or come to him liucc his late Majesty s most gracious Pardon to him, hearing Date the 20th Day of July, in the 7th Year of his laid late Majesty’s Reign.

The House being informed that Air. lEaples, from deficiencies the Accomptant General of the Court of Chancery, at- of Mailers in tended at the Door; Chancery.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presentel to the lloule, pursuant to their Order, a State of the Deficiency of Mr. Danner, Mr. llorrett, All*. Conway, and Air. Godfrey, late Alalters in Chancery, and what hath been received in Part thereof, and the State of the pre-lent Deficiency of the Suitors Aloney in the Court of Chancery.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said State w'as read.

Ordered, That the said State do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said State is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Sir lEilliam Stapleton reported from the Committee, to Henley, &c4 whom the Bill for repairing the Roads leading from Hoads. Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorchafter Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a Place called Mile)tone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered\

6$i

15° Marti!. A. 1755,

Supply Bill, Land Tax.

Earl of

Pembroke’s

Estate.

St Martin in the Fields Nightly Watch, &c.

Kendall’s

Name.

Belief of Suitors in Chancery.

Debtors

Petition.

Earl of

Pembroke’s

Estate.

Philips' N ame.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

An ingfofled Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1736, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1736.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr. Thursltm:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for impowering the Trustees named in the Will of Thomas late Earl of Pembroke and Montgomery, to lay out the Residue of his personal Estate in the Purchase of such Lands and Hereditaments as in this Act are mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster, without any Amendment.

And then the MdTengers withdrew.

Sir John Barnard reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Robert Kendall Esquire, now called Robert Cater Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Cater only, was committed; That the Committee had considered the Petition of the said Robert Cater Esquire, to, them referred; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bq ingrossed.

Ordwed, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Humphry Bell, the surviving Assignee of the Estate and Effects of William Ellins and Edmund Farringdon, against whom a Commission of Bankruptcy issued, is referred, be received upon Friday Morning next.

A Petition of the poor unhappy Citizens, Sufferers for Debt, and lying in the Prison of Ludgate, within the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the confined Prisoners, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering the Trustees named in the Will of Thomas late Earl of Pembroke and Montgomery, to lay out the Residue of his personal Estate in the Purchase of such Lands and Hereditaments as in this Act are mentioned, was read the First time.

1Refolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Robert Philips Esquire, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Sirname of Lee, pursuant to the Will of Robert Lee Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pitt, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hales, Mr. Conduitt, Sir James Camp-

bell, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Brereton, Mr.

Pollen, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Hanbunj Williams, Sir Robert Browne, Mr. Hcrfemonden Turner, General Wade, Mr. Kent, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Earle, Mr. Berkeley, Lord Cornbury, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Dr. Lee, Mr. Lejlie,

Mr. Harvey, Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr. Packer, Mr. Knight,

Sir Christopher Powell, Mr. Archer, Lord Polwarth,

Mr. Scowen, Mr. Erejking, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Wyndham. Sir John Cope, Sir Francis Child, Sir Charles Mor-daunty Mr. Harley, Mr. Banks, Mr. John Banks, Sir Wm. Heathcote, Mr. Crosse, Mr. May, Mr. Bucks, Mr.

Yorke; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Berks, Bucks, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House jfcgulafog to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Iloule, hiccup, upon the Bill for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament in that Part of Great Britain called England, be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to jumiol^ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Debt to ut . consider of the Petition of Edward Randolph, late of Cr0VU1-London, Merchant, on behalf of himself* and his Sureties;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Rail-cloth resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Manutacair* consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Makers of Sail Cloth, and others, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of the Poor in this Kingdom, employed in the Manufacturing thereof, was referred;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to coplider of the said Report.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Supply, into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Westminster to resolve itself into a Committee of tine whole House, Bridge, upon the Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Nero Palace-yard, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the Petition of Henry Jernegan, Goldsmith, which was presented to the House upon Tueflay the Second Day of this instant March, and ordered to lie upon the Table, be referred to the said Committee;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

CSir Charles Mordaunt,( (Mr. George Fox: j

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes, }.<

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision, in the said Bill, for the Relief of the Petitioner.

3 Then

Committee of Privileges.

Biggleswade

Boad.

Beconsfield

Road.

>t. Anne's iVfcrtminster Kiglitly Aillcli, &c.

9 Geo. II. 150 — 16° Martii. 33

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Sundon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Sundon reported from the Committee, That they had considered the several Petitions to them referred; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame. "

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Liberties of the City of Westminster, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Sundon, Sir Charles Turner, Lord Glenorchy, Mr. Conduitt, General IVtide, Mr. Winnington, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Plamer. Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Crofje, Mr. Eversfield, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Hanhury Williams, Mr. Papillon, Sir William Clayton, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Hurley, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Walker, Mr. Earle, Mr. Rawlmfbn Earle, Lord Charles Cavendi/k, Mr. WoUaston, LoM Harry Powlett, Mr. Yorkc, Sir Thomas Saunderson, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Vere, Mr. Finch, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Mountagu, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Owen, Sir Geo. Wynne, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Bramston, Lord Gage, Lord Polwarth, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Foley, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Gore, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Brereton-, and all the Members who serve for the County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Mart is, 16° die Martii;

Anno 90 Georgii IIdI Regis, 1735. Prayers.

AN ingossed Bill for inlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Road from Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, to Bugden, and, through Alconberry, to the Top oiAlconbeny Hill, or Cross-post, leading into Sauteiy-lane, on the York and Edinburgh Road; and from the said Town of Bugden to the Town of Huntingdon; and from CrofsAiall, in Eaton Soken, in the said County of Bedford, to Great Stoughton Common, in the said County of Huntingdon; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act; for repairing and aft)ending the Road from Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, to Bugden, and, through Alcon-berry, to the Top of Alconberry Hill, or Cross-post, leading into Sautcrij-lane, on the York and Edinburgh Road; and from the said Town of Bugden to the Town of Huntingdon; and from Cross-hall, in Eaton Soken, in the said County of Bedford, to Great Stoughton Common, in the said County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Alston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence

A Bill to enable John Sinclair, eldest Son of Hemy Removing late Lord Sinclair, deceased, to sue, or maintain any Smclmr's Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to ^Atta^nder. remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter descend or come to him; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to enable John Shales, commonly called John Shales' Barrington, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use Name, the Surname of Barrington, pursuant to the Settlement made by Sir Charles Barrington Baronet, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Conduitt,

Mr. Cross, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Trcby, Sir Geo. Wynne, Mr.

Laroche, Mr. Walpole, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Winning ton, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Foley, Mr. Onslow, Sir Hen. Hoghton, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Longueville,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gybbott, Mr. Hooper, Lord Harry Paiv-lett. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Archer, Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Hay, Sir Wm. Carexv, Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr. Brereton,

Mr. Hales, Lord Sundon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for inlarging the Term and Powers granted by An Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Beconsfield, in the County of Bucks, to Stoken Church, in the County of Oxon, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 34. To leave out " and till the End of the " then next Session of Parliament

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repaii ing the Road from Beconsfield, in the County of Bucks, to Stoken Church, in the County of Oxon.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry JFuller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for the better regulating the Nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the Parish of St. Anne, within the

Vol. 22,

A Bill for reviving, and continuing the Acts therein Expiring mentioned, and for explaining and amending a Clause Laws* in an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for making the Laws for repairing the Highways more ef- N feftual, relating to the appointing Scavengers in Citiga* and Market Towns, and the ordering the Aftertments for the repairing and cleansing the Streets therein, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hooper,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Lord Sundon, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Hen. Archer, Mr. Hay, Sir Wm.

Clayton, Sir Robert Aujlen, Sir Nicolas Williams, Mr.

Archer, Sir Jof. Eyles, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Vere, Sir Christopher Poxvell, Mr. Brereton, Lord Glenorchy, Mr.

John Talbot, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Miles StapyIton,

Mv. Papillon, Mr. Bramston, Sir Richard Corbett; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at,

Five oftiie Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Seventh Wearing of Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the printed Cal-First, intituled, An Act to preserve and encourage the llc&es>

7 Y Woollen

N orfolk Election.

York Election.

Clandestine

Marriages.

Importation oi Fish, &c.

634 160 — 17

Woollen and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for more effectual employing the Poor, by prohibiting the Ule and Wear of all printed, painted, itained, or dyed Callicoes, in Apparel, Houshold Stuff, Furniture, or otherwise, after the 25th Day of December 1722, except as is therein excepted, so far as relates to Goods made of Linen Yarn and Cotton Wop I manufactured in Great Britain; was read the Third time.

Refoked\ That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act> to amend* an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to preserve and encourage the Woollen and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for more effectual employing the Poor, by prohibiting the Ule and Wear of all printed, painted, Itained, or dyed Callicoes, in Apparel, J Joulhold-stuff, Furniture, or otherwise, alter the 2£th Dayoi December 1722, except as is therein excepted, lo far as relates to Goods made of Linen Yarn, and Cotton Wool, manufactured in Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Shnttlezcorth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for hearing, at the Bar of this House, the Matter of the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of No?;folic, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and a great Number more of the Freeholders of the said County, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the fkicJ County;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, at Ure Bar of this Iloule, upon this Day Fortnight.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of York.

And the Counsel were called in:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner Sir Rowland Winn Baronet, and the other Petitioners, whose Petition complains of an undue Election and Return of Sir Miles Sta-pylton Baronet for the said County, examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in carder to disqualify several other Persons who voted for the said Sitting Member at the said Election.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

The other Orders of tho Day being read;

Refoked, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Marriages. n

Refoked, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Firltj intituled, An Act for the preventing Irelh Fish taken by Foreigners being imported into this Kingdom; and for the Preservation of the Fry of Fish; and for giving Leave to import Loblters and Turbots in Foreign Bottoms; and for the better Preservation of Salmon within several Rivers, in that Part of this Kingdom called England.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

0 Martii. A. 1735.

Mercurii, 170 die Martii \

Anno 90 Georgii IIdl Regis, 173Y Prayk r s.

THE Lord Sidney Beauelerk presented to the House, Herbert’s according to Order, a Bill to enable Charles Her- Name. bert Esquire, now called Charles Sheffield, and his I flue, to take and use the Surname of Sheffield, pursuant to the Will of John late Duke of Buchinghamshire and Normanby, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refoked, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Crojfe presented to the House, according to Order, St. Mar-a Bill for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the Parishes of St. Margaret and St. John Nightly the Evangeli/l, within the City and Liberty of Westmin- Watch. Jler: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refoked, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Vyner presented to the House, according to Order, Gainlbo. a Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church of Gainsborough, ^)lch in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refoked, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Sidney Beauelerk presented to the House, NewWindfor according to Order, a Bill for enabling the Mayor, Bai- CndSe*

Jiffs, and Burgesses, of the Borough of New Windsor, ill the County of Berks, to repair and maintain their great Bridge over the River of Thames, leading from the said Borough of New ffindfor to Eton, in the County of Bucks: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refoked, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Francis Child reported from the Committee, to Higltgate whom the Bill for making more effectual Two Acts of Roads* Parliament, One in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other of the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from Highgate Gatehouse, in the County of Middlefe. v, to Barnet Block house, in the County of 'Hertford; and also the Road leading from the Bear Inn, in Hadley, to the Angel, in E?ifield Chafe, in the said County of Middlesex; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabic:

WThcrc the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One or them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Robert Kendall Esquire, Kendalls now called Robert Cater, and his Ilfue, to take and use Name-the Surname and Arms of Cater, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following Mas proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 21. To leave out " is,v and insert "aref’

And the same M'as, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refoked, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

An Act to enable Robei't Kendall Esquire, now called Robert Cater, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Cater.

Ordered,

9 Geo. II.

17° Martii.

Ordered, That Sir John Barnard do carry the Bill to Mr. Oregon!, Mr. Archer, Mr. Va\\ Sit Geo. Cafwall, t)jc Lords, und dt-fire their Concurrence. Mr. ('rou te, Mr. Tuujiihend. Sir Charles Mur da uni, Lord

Galluay, Mr. Glanville, Sir John Ilcaihcotc, Mr. Pan Removing Mr. /H wring ton presented to the House, according to /i//*, I/ml Robert Mountagu, Mr. Lawton, Mr. Camp-lhULiliue* Grder, a Bill to enable l\rm. Murray to sue, or maintain Ml ot Pembrokcjh', Mr. Edu ards, Lord John Murray, i»y Attainder, any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; ami Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Benin, Sir Nicolas William, to remove any Dilubility in him, by reason of his laid Mr. //'/;/, Mr. 1'alien. Sir Chrifopht r Pencil, Mr. Bacon, Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Eli ate Lord Pvkcarth, Sir John Barnard, Sir Francis Boynton, that may have defeended or come to him since his late Mr. llaaLs, Lad Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Leviuz, Mr. Majesty's most gracious Pardon, dated the 20th ui July, Alderman Perry* Colonel James Campbell, Mr. Gore, in the 7th Viar of his Reign, or that shall hercaster de- Air. trank land, Lord Sundon, Mr. Alderman IVillimott, fcetul or mme to him: And the time was received; and Lord Baltimore, Mr. Bijfe, Mr. Brevet on, Mr. But Ur, read the l’irfr time. Colonel Duckett, Mr. LversJieUl, Mr. Grey, Mr. Gui-

fte/bhed, That the Hill be read a Second time. dott, Mr. Hin.vman, Mr. Kinaston, Mr. A the Lord Vere

Scantierk., Mr. Borland, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Coppleftone, Debtors Pe« A Petition of the De btors in the Gaol of the County Sir Gen. Dawning, Mr. Lyles, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Laroche, Palatine of lMncaster, in k-lulls of theinll lvc s, and many Mr. loathes, Mr. Retell, Colonel Onjlaw, Captain Mar-others of his ALijcliy’b Subjects, fled beyond the Seas, ^in, Mr. lhompfon, Mr. Jkhitxvorth, Lord Gage, Air. wa* presented to the House, and read; complaining of Longucvihe, Mr. Lewis] and aH the Alcmbers w ho serve

their Diltrels: And praying Relief. for the County of iW/a/A*; And they are to meet this A fter-

Ordered, 'Hint the said Petition do lie upon the Table, noon at l ive of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

1

1

Smining-lane A Bill for repairing the Highways from Sunning-lane End, next Tzryford, to the Old Bear Inn, in Heading, in the County of Berks, wus read a Second time.

Re tidied, Tlrat the Bill be committed to Mr. G re?/, Colonel / luckett, Mr. Parlous, Mr Danvers, Mr. Han-bury II A Hams, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Bre-rcton, Mr. Butler, Mr. Waller. Mr. Guidott, Mr. KittaJ-tm. Dr. Lee, Mr. Ashe, Mr. Trehy, Lo.d /’ere Beau-r/c rk, Lo d Sidney Bcauctcrk, Sir James Campbell, Captain Evans. Mr. Plainer, Mr. Pens, Mr. Huxley, Air. 1m-rccht, C.ipt.dn Martin, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Retell, Mr. // httu rth, Mr. Hampdm, Sir John Barnard, Mr. AldiTmc.n Perry, Lord Morpeth, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Bro:, Mr Archer, Mr. In van, Mr. Loniynville, Sir Jaffa ian If ho at, Mr. Harley. Mr. BifJ'c: and all the Meiiila is who serve for the County of Berks and // ills: And they are to meet tins Afternoon at l ive of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Bill for the better lighting the Streets of the City of Improving London, was read a Second time. the Streets of

Ilejtnved. That the Bill be committed to Air. Alderman ndon* Perry, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Alderman Champion, Mr.

Mar shall, Mr. Ord, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Hamilton, Mr.

Par fans, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Clutter buck. Air. Hen. Archer, Sir Geo. Omening, Lord Middlesex, Lord John Sac-nHe, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Trehy, Mr. Wollaston, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Gore, Sir Win. Jolliffe, Mr. Packer,

Air. Twnjhcnd, Sir Charles Manhunt, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Plainer, Mr. Hanbury Williams,

Mr. Fane, Mr. Bame, Mr. Delmc, Mr. Alderman Wil-Hmatt, Mr. Alderman Par fans. Sir Francis Child, Mr.

Scaxren, Mr. Pollen, Mr. J'rcfufis, Mr. Kinaston, Air,

Sandys, Lord Pokearth, Mr. llarley, Sir Christopher Powell, Mr. Earle, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Williams; and all the Alcmbers who lerve for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

lWrkflry’s Sit William Wyndham reported from the Committee, to

K4me. whom the Bill to enable William Berkeley Kiquire, now called WiLia.n Portman, and his lllue, to take and use the Surname of Portman only, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; uml had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, '1 hat the Bill be ingrossed.

A Aleflage from the Lords, by Air. Elde and Air. Thurjhm;

Mr. Speaker,

!»rd Caven- The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

diU/» 1-ihte. discharging the Estate purchased by the Trustees of Charles Cavendish Li quire, commonly called Lord Charles Cavendish, from the Trulls of his Settlement; and for enabling the said Trustees to sell and dispose of the same for the Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Debtors Pe- A Petition of the insolvent Debtors in the Sheriffs ution. Ward at Ivelchester, in and for the County of Somerset, in behalf of them lei ves, and Thoulknds of others, w»as presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Diltrels: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

I.xworth In- A Bill for inclosing and dividing the Common and cloture* Common Field in the Manor of Ixworth, in the Tow n of Lrworth, in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Danvers, Mr. Treby, Sir Francis Child, Sir Thomas Lyttelton, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Holden. Mr. Yorke, Captain Evans, Vol. 22.

The House being informed, that Air. Oxenford, from Foreign Spi-the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; rits imported.

lie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Duties have been paid at the Custom-house in London, and the Out Ports, for foreign Spirits and Brandies imported, from Midfu miner 1720 to Mulsummer 1733? distinguilli ing each Year, and under what Denomination of Brandy the Duty was paid for the same.

And then lie withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are appointed to con-lider further of Ways and Aleans for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The laid Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Glanville presented to the House, according to Or- Recovery of der, a Bill to inlarge, amend, and render more effefilual, Ecclesiastical the Laws now in being, for the more ealy Recovery of Tythes, Church Rates, and Oblations, and other Ecclesiastical Dues, from the People called Quakers: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Ways and a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of ^eans* Ways and Aleans for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Illfgil Imposition of Te a.

Debtors Petition.

Offices and Employments.

Relief of the Dill refled at Cadiz.

Lord Cavendish's Estate.

I.ys', &c. Nat.

636 170 — 18° Martii. A. 17 3 5.

Sir Charles 7 mint reported from the Committee, That they liad come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the iloufe will please to receive the same.

Ordered That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the Motile, That he was directed by the Committtee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the most effectual Means to put a Stop to the great and growing Evil arising from the unwarrantable and illegal Methods of importing Tea and other Goods, into this Kingdom.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 18° die Martii;

Anno 90 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1735.

Prayers.

A P ETITIO N of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Gaol in JVarxciek, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Doctor Lee presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to quality themselves for Offices or Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, as requires Persons to quatify themselves for Offices or Employments before the End of the next Term or Quarter Sessions; and also for inlarging the Time for making and subscribing the Declaration againltTransubstantiation, *!irected to be made by an Act, passed in the 25th Year of King Charles' the Second, for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants; and for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papiits; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devi-lees, and Lessees: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Stert and Mr. Goddard be added to the Gentlemen who are ordered to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for more equal paying* and better collecting, certain small Sums for Relief of fliipwrecked Mariners, and distressed Persons, his Majesty’s Subjects, in the Ports of Cadiz and Port St. Marys, in the Kingdom of Spain, and for other pious and charitable Uses, usually contributed to by the MerehantSrtrading to the said Ports.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging the Estate purchased by the Trufrees of Charles Cavendif 1 Esquire, commonly called Lord Charles Cavendish, from the Trusts of his Settlement; and for enabling the said Trustees to sell and dispose of the same for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Kent reported from the Committee, to whom the

ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Hemy Lys, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had considered the Petition of Frederick Ludowick Metzner, to them referred; and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 1. Leave out " beseecheth, and inlert '

" beseech:"

L. 5. After " Franceinfert" and Frederick,

<c Ludovick Metzner, Son of John Henry Metzner, by i-

"Isle Maiy his Wife, born at Peina, near Hanover:'

L. 7. Leave out " his," and insert " their :w L. 8. Leave out " Affection," and insert " Affections:"

L. 14. After c< that," insert " they," and, after " Lys," insert " and Frederick Ludovick Metzner I' and, in the same Line, leave out c< is," and insert u are:" t3

L. 17. Leave out " a," and, in the same \

Line, leave out " Subject," and insert " Subjects:"

L. 18. Leave out " he is," and insert " they

" are:"

L. 21. Leave out " he,'9 and insert " they’;" 1

and leave out " was," and insert " were;" and leave out " a," and, in the same Line, leave out " Subject,’ and insert " Subjects

L. 24. After " that," inlert " they," and, after " Lysf insert " and Frederick Ludovick Metzner

L. 25. Leave out " is," and insert " are L. 33. Leave out<c his," and insert " their L. 34. Leave out " Heir," and insert

" Heirs:"

L. 38. Leave out " him," and insert them:"

Pr. 2. L. 1. Leave put " he," arid insert " they

L. 6. Leave out " he," and insert " they," and, after " Lys," . insert " and Frederick Ludovick " Metzner;"

L. 11. Leave out " a

L. 12. Leave out " Subject," and insertu Sub-

tc jects :"

L. 17. After " that," insert " they," and, after " Lys," inlert " and Frederick Ludovick Metzner,

" or either of them

L, 19. After " Member," infe " or Mem-

" hers

L. 22. Leave out " himself," and insert " them-

" selves:"

L. 23. Leave out " him," and insert u them,

" or either of them

In the Title of the Bill, after " Lys," insert " and " Frederick Ludovick Metzner The laid Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by {he House.

Mr. Thomas Gore presented to the House, according to Purry's, &c. Order, a Bill for naturalizing David Puny: And the NaL same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of small Recovery of Debts within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, Small Debts was read a Second time. mLoniU.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Barnard, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Alderman Willi-most, Mr. Crowle, Sir John Rufhout, Lord Polwarth,

Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Alderman Par-fons, Mr. Treby, Mr. Watts, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr.

Pturner. Dr. Lee, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mrv Gybbon, Mr. Kent, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Newland, Sir Francis Boynton, Kir. Wilkinson, Mr.

Erefkint,

Aliening Lanas in

foreign

kpmu.

Flint

£jctt»ii.

York

Section.

Karl of Krmhroke'n Lftaie.

9 Geo. II.

Erejkine, Sir I Em. Heath cote, Mr. Gib fan, Mr. Amlrcws, Mr. I Jar let/, M r. Languevitte, SW Justinian Jjhani, lx>rd Sidney Beau clerk, Ixinl Cere Beau clerk, Mr. llrmust on, Mr. liar ley, Lord Morpeth, Mr. // idler, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Conduitt, Mr. Brevet on, Mr. Bevan, Sir Christopher Pwell. Sir Edward Dering, Mr. //tr/tw, Mr. Dennis, Mr. Trtjujis, Mr. Archn\ Sir / f it) t id Law fan, Mr. Boone, Mr. Bvrarles, Sir John Chichester, Mr. Curnc-tcall, Mt. Wright, Mr. Bowes, Sir Jof. Pennington; and all the Members wlw lerve for the City of Ijnndofi: And tlicy are to inert »his Alter noon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to reftruiti the Dispositious of tands, thereby the time become unalimablt, wa.^ read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Itcfohced, That die Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Rcfolrcd, That this House still, uj>on Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of th»Customs do lay before this Iloule, mi Account of the Net Produce of the Duties on Brandy oud foreign Spirits, from Midsummer 1714 to Midfununer 1735, distinguishing each V ear, and the Prt>|>orlion that belonged to the ucw Subsidy.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantities of linuidy and foreign Spirits im|>orted, from Mniftnnmer 1734 to ARdfummer 1735, distinguishing each Vear, and what Quantity was tingle, and what double Brnedy.

The Order of the Day IHng read, for hearing, nt the Bar of this House, the Matter of the Petition of Sir John Glynn Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Hcturn for the Borough of Flint, in the County of Flint;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition he heard at the Bar of this House, u|x>n this Day Fortnight.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to the further Hearing of the Matters of the levcrul Pel it ions, complaining of an undue Election and Return lor the County of York.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counfci for the Petitioner Sir Rowland Winn Baronet, and the other Petitioners, whole Petition complains of an undue Electitm and Return of Sir Miles Sta-pylton Baronet, for the said County, examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to diiqualifv sevend other Persons, who voted for the said Sitting Member at the said Election.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions be adjourned till Tuefduy Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 190 dMartii;

Anno 9° Georgii II. Regis, 173,5.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from die Lords, intituled, An Act for empowering the Trustets named in the Will Of Thomas lute Earl of Pembroke and Montgomery to* lay out the llefidiic of his personal Estate in the Pur-chnfr of such I^uids and Hereditaments as in this Act are mentioned, was read a Second time.

ResolveedfVYwX the Bill he committed to Mr. Earle, Mr. Cjvjft) Mr. Smelt. Mr. Treby, Mr. Sevan, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Ord, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Lindfnj, Mr. Pelham, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Rauiinfdn Earle^ Air. Hooper,

Vol. 22.

Hi

Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Vere, Mr. Ilanbury li tllia ms, Mr. I Collation, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Demus, Mr. Tucker, Sir John Heat It cole, Mr. Pitt, Sir IVm. Clayton, Mr. Corbett, Mr. For, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Foley, M r. Lockwood, Mr. Halle, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Longue-rt/lc, Mr. Erejkine, Sir John St. Aubin, Mr. Parjbns, Sir Michael Sew ton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Charles Stanhope, Mr.// m. Pitt, Brigadier llamlufyde, Sir ICm.Carrw, Mr. Eduard Montagu, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Copale-ston, Mr. Saudijs, Mr. Arundcll, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Edg-cnntb, Mr. Moore, Mr. Beck land, Mr. White, Mr. Whit -7cortlt. Sir Thomak Hales, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Kent, Sir John ALfluorth, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Huxley, Sir Thomas Ijrwther, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Mr. Robert Rich, Mr. A/cadatcs, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Lech-mere, Mr. Sloper, Lord Sidney Btaaelerk, Mr. Geo. Foa\ Sir Christopher Pas cii, Mr. Cr<rwle, Sir Wm. Heathcote, Sir Bin. Irby, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Conduitt, Mr. Packer, Mr. Archer, Me* Alderman Parjbns, Mr. Hen. Archer, Sir Charles I lot ham, Mr. Andrews and all the Member* who lerve for the County of Wilts: And they are to meet this Altemoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Sjieakers Chamber.

Mr. Hooper reported From the Committee, to whom the Bill for reviving and continuing the Acts therein mentioned; and for explaining and amending a Clause in an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Ma jolty King George the First, intituled, An Act for making the Law s for repairing the Highways moteefteftual, relating to the appointing Scavengers in Cities and Market Tow ns, and the ordering the Allcflhicnts for the repairing and cleansing the Streets therein; *Vas committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fcve-ral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in hid Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, iu at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon thcQuestion, severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the bill, with the Amendments, bo ingrossed.

A Petition of the fine Clothiers iri and about Mdkjkam\ in the County of Hi Us, in behalf of themselves, and others concerned in the said Trade, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Duty upon Olitc Oil, being the only Oil that can he used iri making fine Cloth: And therefore praying this House to take iilto Confident* tiou the Premises, and afford such Relief, with relatfori to the Duty on Olive Oil, as the Hriuie ilia.ll lee meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to naturalize Henry Lys, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 34. To leave out " his ’and Insert u their."

And the same w as, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Kent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed id the fame, writh some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lord 111 ips.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of thfc Excite do lay before this H,ouse, an Account of the Quantities and Net Produce of the Duties upon foreign Brandy and Spirits* from Midsummer 1720 to Midsummer 1735; distinguishing cacti Year, and the Produce thereof which belongs to the Hereditary arid Temporary Excite.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excise do lay before this House, art Account of the Net Produce of the Duties upon strong Waters, low Wines, and Swreets, 7 Z from

13 — 190 Martii.

dit.TL

Expiring'

Laws.

Olive Oil used by Clothiert.

Ly’i Nafc

Foreign.

Brandy.

Strong Waters, See.

638 190 Mart'll. 1735.

from Midsummer 1720 to Midfumnicr 173.5, distinguishing each Year, and the Produce thereof which belongs to the Hereditary and Temporary Excite.

r.lijfiiow Colonel Campbell presented to the House, according tc> Improvement. Oi’der a Bill for continuing the Duty of Two Penies Sects, or one Sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, on each Pint of Ale and Beer that shall be vended or sold within the City of G la/go a', or Villages of Gar bells and Port Glaft gnw, and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City and Villages: And the same was received; and read the Fir'll time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Westminster The Lord Sundon, according to Order, reported from Bridge, the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Next) Palace-yard, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Re port, in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the . Clerk’s Table:* Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to feme of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

s"tll^rlan(* Ordered) That Sir William Gordon Baronet be at

et ion* Iji)erty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Shire of Sutherland.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petition.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eldc and Mr. Thurston:

Mr. Speaker,

FcUlmfen’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Isat* naturalizing Friederick Felthufen: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also, afford* k°r(*s have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to

MarriaU* ' ena^e Harry Earl of Stamford, and Harry Gray, coin-Settletoenu monly called Lord Gray, Son and Heir apparent of the said Earl, to make a Settlement upon the Marriage of the said Lord Gray, notwithstanding his Infancy: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

Aftlcy’s, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Imitate. Exchanging of Lands between Sir John Astley Baronet, and the President and Fellows of Queens College, in Cambridge: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Laud lax. gran^ng an to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1736, without any Amendment: And alii),

Indemnify- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ing Ouiif- t() indemnify Persons w ho have omitted to read the* Declarations Prayers> anc* make and subscribe the Declarations directed to be read, made, and subscribed by the Act of Uniformity of the 13th and 14th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, within the "Lime limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for doing thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

Whitstable The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Road. for repairing and widening the Road leading from Saint T)iinstans Crust, near the City of Canterbury, to the Water-iide at ff'hitstable, in the County of Kent, without any Amendment: And also,

Rochyfter, to The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ARoads.nC to ^xplniu and amend an Act, passed in the First Year; of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act

for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from the House called the Sign of the Bells, in the Parish of St.

Margaret's, in Rochester, \o Maids tone, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent, without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lutley’a to enable Bartholomew Richard Barncby Esquirg, other- Name wife Lulley, and the Issue of his Body, to take upon him and them the Surname of Barncby, pursuant to the Will of John Barncby, Esquire, deceased, without any Amendment.

And then the Mefleiigelrs withdrew:

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from Ways and the Committee of the whole House, whom it was refer- Mean*; red to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for all spirituous Liquors which any Retailer thereof shall, from and after the 24th Day of June 1736, be possessed of, there be granted to his Majesty a Duty of Twenty Shillings per Gallon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, from and after the Q 4th Day of June 1736, the Sum of Fifty Pounds yearly shall be paid to his Majesty for a Licence to be taken out yearly by every Person keeping a publick Brandy-lhop, a publick Vi&ualing^house, Coffee-house, or Alehouse, or being an Innholder, who shal vend, barter, or utter, any such spirituous LiqUors. \

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duty and Revenue which shall ariseby Licences for vending Brandy or Spirits, as also the present Duties on low Wines, strong Waters, Brandy, Rum, Arrack, and all other Spirits, whether foreign or British, and such Duties as shall arise by retailing the fame, be united to, and made Part of, the General or Aggregate Fund established by the Act of the First of King George the First, and be issued and applied to the Uses to which the said Fund is or shall be made applicable.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all the several Annuities, Payments, and other Appropriations, which are now charged upon, and pay-:

able out of, the said several Duties on strong Waters,

Brandy, Rum, Arrack, or any other Spirits, be charged upon, and made payable out of, the said Aggregate Fund.

'Fhe said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon agreed to by the House. ' '

The Ilonfe was moved, That the Resolutions reported Supply Bill ? from the Committee of the whole House, who were ?P,rt appointed to consider of the Petition of his Majesty s JlceuctS‘ Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, in their General Quarter Sessions assembled, and agreed to by the House upon Tuesday the 24th Day of February last, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the Resolu-tions last read, and also upon the Resolutions this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and agreed to by the House: And that the Master of the Rolls, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Dcdington, Sir Geo. O. render, and Mr. Winmngton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Barnard, according to Order, reported from pej-ep0f the Committee, to whom the Petition ot Humphrey Bell, Suitors in the surviving Assignee of the Estate and Effects of JPilliam Chancery — Ellins and Edmund Farrington, against whom a Com- deficiency, million of Bankruptcy issued, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition; and had directed, him to report a State

thereof

p Geo. II. ip" Martin 6$ 9

thereof to the House; and lie read the Report in his that Reports, for Sale of foine Of the said Estates, were belief Place; and afterwards delivered if in at the Clerk’s Table: confirmed, and Money was bid lor others, amounting to j>"itors xn

Where the same was read, and is as follows; viz. £. 8,250, which, with tiic Remainder of the Estates pro- BennecZ

Ilic Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the poled, as therein valued, did amount to £. 16,761 105. Deficiency. House, of the 2rjthoi February left, examined into 7{d. bolides the said Recognizance; and, none of the the bafts, as stated in the Petition; Parties concerned making any Objection thereto, he did

And, to prove tire fame, conceive it might be a good Security lor the said

Tfie Petitioner laid before your Committee several £. 11,000.

Orders made by the Court of Chancery, and several Re- Your Committee observe, That it appears by the said ports made by Mr. John Rennet, and Mr. Robert Hoi- Report, that the Solicitors for all the Parties were pre* jord> Two of the Matters of the said Court: Which being lent; and the same was not denied by the several Parties read, your Committi* did find. That, in pursuuncc of attending your (’ommittee.

Two Orders, one dated the 18th ot Mar. 1718, and But the said Mr. (Jive, being further examined, said, the other dated the 21st o (Jan. 1710. made on Two That it was impossible, by the Shortness of the Time, for Petitions of Sir PeUr Meyer and Hubert Stocldale, him to object; nor was any Title Deeds or Securities,

Afiiimees of the Eft ate of Morton, I nice, and H’attr, relating to the liiid Estates, produced, by which he could Creditors to Ellins and Farrington, who were indebted form miy Judgment of the 1 itlc, or the Value thereof: to them to the Amount of £.67,426 11 $. 4J. Bnhurd That by an Order, dated the same 22d of December,

Perry, Assignee to the said Ellins and Farrington, Bank- it was, oh Mr. Barnet's Application, ordered, that the rupts, was directed to account before Mr. John Rennet, laid Recognizance should hand as a collateral Security than and lull One of the Matters of the Court of Chancery: lor the said X-1 \oooo.

That, on the said 2ill of January 1710, the said Perry Your Committee observe, That, from the Time the was ordered to pay into the Hands of the said Mutter ail said Order w as made, nothing further appears to have the Money then remaining with him, U longing to the been done in the said Caul'e, except some Sums of Money said Bankrupts, amounting to £. 10,0} j 131. 8</. in paid into the Bank from the Sale of foitic of Mr. Bennet's Malt, and Land Tax Orders, and Tallies, and divers Estates, until the 26th Day of July 1733; when, upon a Bank Notes, to the Amount of £. 1.00.5 1 n*. 7d. Petition of James Bradley and^ Humphrey Bell, the fur-making, together, 13?. %}d.\ with which Or- viving Assignees of the said Bankrupt s Estate and Effects,

der he complied, as npp< ui s by a Cuiilicute of the said an Order, of the 26th of July 1733* was made, that Mr. Rennet'*, dated the Mil of February 1710. acknow- Mr. Rennet should pay the said Principal Money, and kduing the Receipt there ol: '1 hat, from that time, no- IntcrcTt; it wus referred to the said Mr. lloljord, to take thing appears to have been done in this Affair till the 1 tii an Account of what remained due from the said Mr. of December 1723, when, by a Report made by the liiid Burnet, ior Principal and Interest, which was to be Mr. Rennet, he acknowledged to have in hi.s Hands the rallied on to the lit Day of the then next Michaelmas Sum of X-12,379 6*. 11U' beloncini! to tiiflaid Caulk Term; and what should lie found due wfus to be paid Mr. Snell, being examined, lint I, That the Difference before the said In ft Day of Term: of the Sums in the Certificate, and the Petition, is owing Tint the said Mr. lloljord, by his Report of the 19th to the Intctrft being added to the Sum of «£. 11,038 of October 1733, did certify, that James Bradley, One of 13.V. 3d.: the said Afiiguccs, was dead, and that the said Mr. Bell

That, tm the 2d of February 1723, the hid Mr. Ren- was the only furyiving Assignee; and that there would be vet c titered into a Recognizance, in C o Pnulty of due from. Mr. Burnet, on the ill Day of the same Mi~

X" 20,326 for the Payment of £. the then ap- chaelmas Term, for Principal and Interest, after an Al-

pcaiing Deficiency ol hi* Culh: lowance of all Monies paid by him, £. 12,334 6s. 8 d.;

That the said Mr. Rennet, by his Certificate, dated the which Report was nlteruard* duly confirmed: ifitli of Uurmbtr 1723, alter taking notice, that, on the That by anolb.cr Order, dated the 22d of December 2()th of December 1 724, there did remain in his Hands, 1733, it was ordered, Tllat such of the Estates of the in the Cmdrer parte Meyer, X‘.12.370 t».v. 11 </. did laid Mr. Rennet, mentioned in the said Mr. Halford's certify, tlmt he had that Day luid out jf. 1,374 13 v- nr/. Report of the 22(1 of December 1723, as did remain Part of the said .£\i *.370 6a. 11 d. in purch.ilir.g £. 1,320 unfold, should he Ibid. iiihject to prior Incumbrances;

South Sea Aonmtic.'. and iiad placed out lirmo at In- touching which Estates and Incumbrances the said Mr. kercTt at £.4 per (cut. on the Security of his lice og- Rennet was to he examined on Interrogatories, and Mr. nizanee in the said Report mentioned, and ail hi* Eliate lloljord was to carry on Interest for the said £. 12,354 Ijiecified in a Schedule annexed thereto; ami allb certified, 6j. 8r/.; and the Monies arising by Sale of the said that in Six Months, he would ruife the said £. 11,000 and Estates, subjcCl to prior Incumbrances, was to be paid Interest, and invelt it in South Sea Annuities: into the Bank, in the said Caule, ex parte Meyer, tow ards

1 hat, by an Order of the 2lit of December 1723, discharging the said Monies, reported due as aforesaid, made on the said Mr. Rennet's Application, it was or- with the growing Interest; and, if there should be any dered, That the said Money should be put out at Interest, Surplus, the same was to be paid to the said Mr. Sennet; on Security to be approved by Mr. lloljord, One of the but, in case of a Deficiency, the Petitioner Bell was at Matters of the said Court: and Mr. Reuiet propoling to Liberty to resort back to the said Court for further Jecm c it by his Recognizance, and his several Estates Direct ion:

mentioned in a Schedule thereunto annexed (a Copy That the said Mr. Halford, by his Report, dated the whereof b also hereunto annexed), it was ordered, by the 26th of Feb. 1734, did certify, that a Leasehold Estate Content of Mr. lloxclandfan, Solicitor for the Commission at Greenwich, and Two Freehold Estates in Sussex and iiliied against Ellins and Farrington, That all Parties E/fex, subject to Incumbrances, were all the Estates of should attend Mr. lloljord, who was to look into the the said Air. Rennet, mentioned in the said Report of the Ibid.Security, that Afternoon, and to make his Report the 22d of December 1725, which did remain unfold at the next Day. time that the last Order was made; and that the said

Mr. Clive, Solicitor to the Commission ifined against Estates had been since fold; viz, the Estates in Su/jex for Morten, I Vice, and Waits, being examined, liiid, That ,£.10,000, the Eltatein K/jex for £. 2,450, and the Lease-he w as present when the said Order was made, but refuted hold Estate for £. 030; and that on the 28th of February to give his Content thereto: there would be due from the said Mr. Barnet, for Prin-

And your Committee observe, That his Content is not cipul and Interest in the said Cause, ex parte Meyer, alter mentioned in the said Order: an Allowance of all Monies paid into the Bank, £. 11,486

That, in ptirfuante of the said Order, Mr. Halford, 4,v. 5d; which lait Report has been duly confirmed; by his Report, dated the ’id of the same December, did That by an Order, made the 24th Day ot March certify, that he had looked into the said Security; and , 1734, it was referred to the said Mr. Holjord to review

V.o l.*2*2. his

3

Relief of Suitor* iii Chancery — Bonnet's Deficiency.

19° Ma

a. 1735-.

His last Report, a\id to state the prior Incumbrances affofting the said Estates therein mentioned as ibid, and whut (if any thin") would remain of the Monies raised by the Sale of the said Estates, towards the discharging the Petitioner s Demands; and the said Mr. Hoijord was to examine whether or not the said Mr. Bennet was foiled of, or entitled unto, any other, and what, Estateor Estates, and of what Value, which was, were, or might be, aft'tfted by the said Recognizance, and what Incumbrances there were thereon; for Discovery whereof the said Mr. Barnet was to be examined on Interrogatories, or otherwise, as the said Mr. Holfordfliould fee lit; who was to state the whole Amount of the Deficiency of all the said Estates to aofwer the Petitioner’s Demand; and, upon the Master s making his Report, the Petitioner w as to be at Liberty to resort back to the Court for further Direction:

That, in pursuance of the last Order, the said Mr. Holford did, by his Report, dated the 13th of May last, certify, That the said Mr. Barnet having, on the Second Pay of the said Month, put in his Examination to Interrogatories, pursuant to the said Order, he did find, that the said Mr. Bennet, at the time the said Order w as made, 01* at any time since, w as not seised of, or entitled to, any Estate real or personal which u as or might be affected by the iaid Recognizance, other than and besides the said Estates in the said Order mentioned as fold, except the Equity of Redemption, subject to a Mortgage for £. 200 of die Leafo of Ids Dwelling-house in Chancery-fane., for the Remainder of a Term of 21 Years, w hereof about *5 Years were yet to come; at a Rack-rent of £. 30, dear of 7 axes, and except some Iloidbold Goods Linen, Furniture, a fuall Quantity of Pilate, some Family and other Pictures of little Value, and some Law and other Books; which Furniture, Plate, and Books, were, in June 1734, assigned as a Security for the Payment of £. 350 borrowed, with Interest; and that the said Estates in the said Order mentioned had been fold before him, viz. the Estate, in Sussex for £. 10,000, the Efttffce in Effbxiov £. 2,450, and the Leafeliold Estate at Greenwich for £. 950; and that he did find, by his said Report of the 26th of Feb. 1734, that, on the 28th of the same Month, there was due from the said Mr. Barnet, in the said Cause, ex parte Meyer, for Principal and Interest, alter an Allowance of the said £. 950 for which the said Ixafehold Estate at Greenwich was fold; and all other Monies which hod been paid into the Bank in the said Cause, £. 11,486 4.9. $d.; and that he did find by Mr. Bennet' s Examination, that the said Estates in Suffix and Efftx were subject to the several Incumbrances in the Schedule to his Re|>ort mentioned, amounting to £. 12,546 os. 3d; and that both the said Estates, being fold for no more than £. 12,450, were not sufficient to answer the Incumbrances thereon; so that no Part of the said ,£ 11,486 4 s. 5 d. due from the said Mr. Bennet, could be satisfied thereout.

Mr. Holford, being examined, said* That, when the Alignment was made by Mr. Bennet to him, of his Estates,. lie did not know of any Incumbrances upon the Estate at Paddington, nor at the time of his making his Report of the 22d of December 1725; but, some time after, Mr. Benmt informed the Examinant, that there w as an Annuity of £. 200 per Annum, issuing out of the same for One Life; and a Iteverfionary Annuity of £. 100 per Annum, if a certain Person forvived her Husband; to redeem which, £. 2,400, Part of the Money for which the said Estates have been fold, was applied to redeem the fat ne.

Then an Act of Parliament, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for Relief of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, was produced, and read; by which it appeared, that, after reciting, among other Things, That Fleetwood Dormer and John lifirr-et Esquires, loth dccealed, formerly Masters of the said Court, and Richard Godfrey and Edward Con-waif Esquires, then Masters of the said Court, had been deficient in answering the Money and Fffefts ordered by the said Court into their Hands, according to the then 22

Computation, to the Amount of £. 51,851 19s. u^d. besides several Claims in their Offices, not then determined, but which, if allowed, would greatly increase the Deficiency, it was, by the said Act, Etiafted, That a Duty of Six-pence should be laid on every of the Particulars in the said Act specified, beyond all former Duties laid thereon, for the Term of Sixteen Years, to commence, ami be collected, as in the said Act expressed; and when collected ihouhi be paid into the Bank, and considered as Part of the common Calli of the said Court, and, as such, should be iftucd and applied in and for the Payment of the respective Demands of the Suitors of the said Court, as the said Court should direct; and the Court was, by the said Act, impowered to borrow any Sum of Money upon the Fund thereby granted, not exceeding, in the Whole, the Sum of £. 60,000* which was to he paid into the Bank, and made Part of the General and Common Cash of the said Court, for the Benefit of the said Suitors, and be issued for them as the said Court should direct; and, as soon as the Deficiency of the Suitors Money, and also all Monies lent on the Credit of the said Act, should have been fully satisfied, the Surphisrinonies, which should have been raised by the said Duties, should be reserved for the Benefit of the Publick, and not to be applied for any other Use or Uses* than such a3 should be thereafter directed by Parliament.

Mr. Snell being again examined, foid, That, hi 1733, he was employed by Mr. Bradley and Mr. BeM the then Assignees, to look after the Sum of £. 11,000^ and Interest, which* they informed him was in the* Court of Chancery, in order to make a Dividend among the Creditors of Ellins and Farrington; and was surprised to find it was not in the Accomptant General’s Books: That, uponfor-thetr Inquiry, he found the greafceft PaFt thereof remained unpaid by Mr. Benmt; thereupon* the Examinant preferred a Petition, upon which die Order of the 2*6th of July 1733 was niade:

Tlmt, on the irthof June 1735, the Petitioner did, by a Petition presented to the Right honourable the prefen t Lord Chancellor* apply to the said Court of Chancery, that his Demand might be fotisfied out of the Monies then raised, or which should thereafter be raised, by the Duties granted by the find Act, or make such other Ol der for his Relief as the Nature of the same should require:

That by an Order, dated the 2d of August following, made by the Ixn d Chancellor upon the said Petition* the said Sir. Halford's Report, dated the 13th of May 1735, was abioiutely confirmed; but the Petitioners Demand not being in or upon any of the Offices wherein the Deficiencies mentioned in the said Act are therein*recited, or declared lo have happened, his Lordflnp- did not think himself authorized, by the said Act, to direct any Part of the Money then raised, or thereafter to he raised, to be applied in or towards Satisfoftion of such Demand. APPENDIX.

The Schedule to which Mr. Holford, by his Report of the 22d of December 1725, refers, being the Security proposed by Mr. John JBe/wet, in a Cause ex parte Meyer.

His Recognizance entered into the 2d Day of February last, in the Penalty of Twenty-nine thousand1 Five hundred and Twenty-six Pounds.

His Estates and Securities conveyed and assigned to Mr.

Iioljbrdy hereafter mentioned; viz.

Three Freehold Houses in Mark-lane, <£. s. d.

actually fold for - - - - 1,950-----

Two Freehold Houses at Greenwich,

fold for - - - 570-----

A Freehold Estate at Paddington, fold for 2,050-----

A large IIoulc at Greenwich, which

there is hid for - - - - 3,150 — —

Ground Rents of £. 28 per Annum, for

which there is hid - - - - 560-----

£. 8,280-----

Securities

Regulating

fcJcrtioof.

Clandestine

Marriages.

Stower

Navigation.

Earl or Stamford’s Marriage Settlement.

Aftley's, Scc. Kliate.

9 Geo. II. 190 — 2 2°

Securities and fcffefts assigned to Mr. Holford.

An Assignment for a Mortgage from

Mr. Ever.fcld, on a House at Horfi c£. s. <L

ham, in Suffer..... 100-----

1)* from Mr. Lurfoi'd and Cooper, in a Copyhold Estate and Timber at

Temple, in Surreij....

The Lealc of his Dwelling-Iioufe in Chancery-lane -

Deposit of £-2\2. 10#. od. South Sea Annuities and Stock, and all the Dividends since Midsummer 1720, to attend Uic Event of a Trial for X- 2,.*>00, Value whereof, at the Market Price The Equity of Redemption of Two Freehold Eibttes in the Counties of Essex and Suffer of 631. 1 os. od. per Annum, betides a great Quantity of Timber alleged to l>c worth X 3,298, and a large new House, and Offices, and Gardens, which are subject to X- 13,000 Incumbrances, but computed to lx; worth, beyond tiiolc Incumbrances -

200-----

600-----

611 to 74

7,000 — —

71. Holford. j£. 1(1,701 10 7t

A Bill for the better regulating the nightly Watch, < and Beadles, within the Parishes of St. Margaret, and St. John the Evangelist, within the City and Liberty of 1 // cut minster, was read a Second time.

Re foiled. That the Bill he committed to Mr. Crojfe, Sir Robert (Irofvenor, I/xd Sidney Beauderk, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Hurley, Lord Sundon, Mr. More, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Jsongucville, Mr. Bacon, Mr. If kite, Sir Geo. Ca/walt, Mr. Archer, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Robinfin, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Goddard, Mr. Conduilt, Mr. Stert, Mr. Ai/labic, Mr. II atts, Mr. Tonn/hcnd, Mr. Pturner, Mr. Bcvan, Mr. Earn ick, Mr. Alderman JEillimott, Mr. Tirwer, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Lewis, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Saturn, Mr. Thomas Archer, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Danannbc, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Treby, Mr. Holland, Dr. Lee, Sir James Lout her, Mr. Sandys, Lord Poharth, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Hales, Sir Thomas Hates, Mr. Lehvup, Mr. TkomasGore, Mr. Pitt, Mr. II in Gore, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Hen. Archer, Mr. Plumptre, Lord John Sacvitle, Mr. Earle, Mr. Ruulinfin Earle, Mr. Hooper, Mr. U'innington, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Kent, and all the Members who serve for the County of Middiefcr, and City of I Test minster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Report and Petition be referred to the Conlidcnition of the Committee of the whole 1 louse, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The oilier Orders of the Day Itcing read;

Ref'olved. That this House will, upon Wednesday next, at Twelve of the ('lock, resolve itself into a Committee o! tin* whole House, upon the Bill for the further regulating Elections of MciiiIxts to lerve for the Commons in Parliament in that Part of Great Britain called England.

Rcfobced, That this House will, upon Friday Morning, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tijxjn the Bill for the more effectual preventing clundeftine Marriages.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luricz, 2 2° die Martii;

Anno if Georgii ID* Regis, 1733.

Travers.

JT% A EID Purry took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Mr. Bramston presented to the House* according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 4th and ;,th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for making the River Stoner navigable from the Town of Maningtrce, in the County of Ef/e.v, to the Town of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Rif deed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Harry Earl of Stamford, and Harry Gray Esquire, commonly called Lord Gray, Son and Heir apparent of the said Earl, to make a Settlement upon the Marriage of the said Lord Gray, notwithstanding his Infancy, was read the First time.

Rifohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exchanging of Lands between Sir John Astlcy Baronet and the President and Fellows of Queens College, in Cambridge, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Vol. 22.

A Bill to enable Charles Herbert Esquire, now called Charles Sheffield, and his lll'ue, to take and use the Surname ut Sheffield, pursuant to the Will of John laic Duke of Buckinghamshire and Xormanby, dcccaied, was read a Second time.

Refill ed, That the Bill be committed to Lord Sidney Beaticlerk, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Kent, Mr. Archer, Sir Robert Rich, Captain Owen, Mr. Bladen, Mr. Han. Williams, Mr. Clutterbuclc, Mr. Conduitt, Mr. Tnby, Lord Harry Pmclctt, Mr. Duncomb, Lord Sundon, Mr. Ear, Mr. Lcuis, My. Pelham, Mr Onjloiv, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Foley. Mr. Harley, Sir Hen. Hoghton, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Lehcup, Mr. Imcen, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr. Eduards, My. Grove, Mr. Plumptre, My. Yorke, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Edward Mountagu, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Courteney, Mr. Tnfufis, Sir Henry Lyddell, Mr. Blackett, Mr. Jenifin, Mr. Watts, Mr. Shuttleworth, My. Price, Mr White, My. Robert Hacks, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Phillips, Or. Lee, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Thomas Gore, Colonel Onslow, Sir Francis Boynton, My. Bon es, Sir William Heathcote, Mr. Duncomb, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Lord Polwarth, Sir Hannas Hales, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Wilkinfin, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Ord, Mr. Hales, Mr. Bramston] and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Lincoln, York, and Effer: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed, that one of the Sheriffs of the City of London, attended at the Door;

He w as called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, a Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; representing to the House, That a Bridge crols the River Thames, from the New Palace-yard, in the City oil Test minster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, for building which a Bill is now' depending in this House, will, if erected, prove destructive of several Rights, Properties, Privileges, and Franchises, of the said City; will be a great Prejudice to the Navigation of the River of Thames, so as to render it dangerous, if not impracticable; and will greatly affect the Trade of the said City in general, and the Properties of many private Persons in particular; And therefore praying the House, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, or to grant

8 A the

Margaret &c. estminster, Nightly M atch.

Herbert,’#

Name.

XVeiiminftef

Bridge.

a

22° Martiu A* 17^5.

the Petitioners such other Relief as to the House Hi all seem meet*

Ordered, That thefuid Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for building a Bridge cross the Rivejr Thames, from the New Palace-yard, in the City of Westminster, to die opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, be read the Third time; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard, by-their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard for the said Bill, at the same time.

And the House being informed, that the said Bill, which was ordered to be ingrossed, would be ingrossed by Wednesday next;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time upon this Day Sevennight.

Brid^cfCr Petition of the Rulers and Assistants of the Company

n ®e* of Watermen and Lightermen, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Company, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That in case the Bill, how depending in this House, for erecting a Bridge cross the River Thames, should pass into a Law, it will tend to obstruct the Navigation of the River Thames, and will highly prejudice the Members of the said Company, by greatly lessening, if not totally destroying, several Ferries between Vauxhall and the Temple, which, by an Alt of the 1 ith and 12th of King William, they have a Power to work on Sundays, and produce a very considerable Sum yearly, which is applied towards the Maintenance of poor decayed and aged Watermen and Lightermen* their Widows and Children; and many Hundreds, who are able and willing to work on the other Days of the Week, will be deprived of their daily Livelihood, in carrying Passengers, Goods, and Merchandizes, as well up and down, as cross, the said River; by which means , the Old and Decrepit will become chargeable upon their

respective Parishes, and the Young and Aide must be obliged to seek their Bread in foreign Parts; And therefore praying the Ifoufe to t ike the Premises into Consideration; and that they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third timfe: And that the Petitioners, if they think lit, be then heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of South-tvark, in the County of Surrey, was presentec! to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners apprehend, that, should the Bill, now depending in this House, for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, pass into a Law, the Trade and Estates of the said Borough will be greatly affected, and the Inhabitants thereof rendered unable to support themselves under the heavy Taxes they now pay, which must be increased by the Poverty of great Numbers of Watermen, who are Parishioners and Inhabitants of the several Parishes, within the said Borough, who, for want of Employment, must become a Burden to the said Parishes; and representing also to the House, That, by the late great Flood which happened in February last, innumerable Damages have been sustained by a great Number of the Petitioners, and others; and that, as the Petitioners apprehend, should such a Bridge be built, as intended by the said Bill, it would greatly obstruct the Navigation of the said River, and thereby occasion frequent Inundations, to the great Damage of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, as well as the Publick in general: And therefore praying the House, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, agaiilft the said Bill, before the same pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read the Third time; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Recovery of The House being informed, that One of the Sheriffs

Small Debts of Qfty of London attended at the Door;

m London. J

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, a Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

Anil then he withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners having observed, in the Votes of this House, that a Bill hath been brought in for the more easy and Ipcedy Recovery of finall Debts within the City of London* and Liberties thereof entertained Hopes, that the Purport of such Bill was agreeable to one which feme time since passed this House, to prevent the Removal of Caul'es, for any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, from the Mayor's and Sheriffs Courts of the said City, w hieix Courts have been held by immemorial CustoifL established by several Royal Charters, and confirmed’ by Acts of Parliament; and which, from the cheap and expeditious Method of Proceedings therein, for the Recovery of Debts contracted within the said City, have been, for many Ages, of the greatdft Rehefit to the Inhabitants thereof; or that the said Bill would extend to enlarge the present Court of Confidence to the Sum of Five Pbuftds; but that the Petitioners have been informed, that the Design of the Bill now depending, is not to prevent the Removal of Causes from the ancient Courts within the said City, wherein the legal Method of Tryal by Juries is preserved, or to extend the said Court of Conscience; but to ere&ra new Jurisdiction, for Tryal of Causes in a liimmary way; and expressing their Apprehensions* that such a Deviation from the uniform Method of Tryal which hath hitherto prevailed within this Realm, may be of dangerous Consequence, and prove extremely prejudicial to the said City* and the Inhabitants thereof:

And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, or may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cobsideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the City of London, and Liberties thereof, is committed; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, according to the Prayer of their Petition.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty s Sallom’® Command, acquainted the House, That the same of Estate. John Sallom, of Billsborough, in the County of Lancaster,

Gentleman, whose Petition, presented to the House upon Tuesday the Second Day of this Instant March, was then ordered to lie upon the Table, having been humbly represented to his Majesty, his Majesty gives his Consent, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the fitid Petition: And that Mr. Brereton, Sir Han Hoghton, and Mr. Gildart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to enable JVfn. Murray to fee, or maintain Removing any Action or Suit, notwithstanding iris Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said bylttainder. Attainder, to take or inherit any real Or personal Estate that may have defeended or come to him* since his late Majesty s most gracious Pardon, dated the 20th of July in the Seventh Year of his Reign, or that shall hereafter defeend or come to him; was read a Second time*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refoked, That the Bill be Committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, To-morrrtw Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Art ingrossed Bill to enable William Berkeley F.squire, Berkeley'* now called William Port man, and his liluc, to take and Ham use the Surname of Portmin- only, was read the Third time.

Refoked\ That the Bill do pass: And that the Title 16

9 Geo. II.

be, An Act to enable William Berkeley Esquire, now called William Portman, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Portman only.

Ordered, That Sir tVm. tVyndham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

tegiftry of Mr. Alderman Willimot reported from the Committee, Ships. the Petition of the several Persons, whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Owners, Part Owners, Commanders, or Mailers, of Ships and Vessels employed in the Trade of Great Britain, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and the Report, and R/elblutions of the Committee, are as followeth; viz.

The Committee have, perfuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof, the following Witnesses were examined; viz.

Mr. Thomas Hopkins said, That his Father, now deceased, had had a Bill of Sale made to him of Three Eighth Parts of a Ship, called The Yeoman's and Saucolt; which Bill the Witness produced; but that the same being found not valid, the whole Property therein w ill be loft.

Mr. Samuel Bonham said, That he advanced £. 1,120, in the Year 1734, upon the Credit of the before-mentioned Ship; and it was found afterwards, that the same had been mortgaged Four times over to different Persons; whereby the Witness, and several others, must be considerable Losers, it being apprehended, that, if a Law Suit was commenced, the First Bill of Sale would be

adjudged to have the Preference.

Mr. Slingsby Bethell, Merchant, said. That he had advanced 815 on the said Ship, and took a Bill of Sale for One Moiety thereof; but will be in Danger of losing his Property by the prior Mortgages.

Mr. Richard Gapper said, That, about Five Years ago, he bought One Sixteenth Part of a Hoy, of Daniel Simons, Malter, deceased, who before had fold One Sixteenth Part of the said Hoy, more than he had a Right to do; by which means the Witness loft his whole Money: And he further said, That lie had purchased the Sixteenth Part of a Ship, the Matter of which paid him several Dividends of Profits arising therefrom; but, after the Death of the said Master, it was discovered that the Ship was sold by the Person who had the grand Bill of Sale made to him; by which means, the Examinant, with Two others, having each One Sixteenth in the said Ship, loft the Parts that they had purchased.

Mr. Samuel Bonham being asked, If that when Ships are registeredat the Custom-house, the Owners Names ard registered ? heanswered. That they were: But said, That he is of Opinion, That the Intent of such Registry is only to notify, that the Ships are British built, and have British Owners, the Mailer then making Oath, That no Foreigner is concerned therein; and he does not think that such Registry will prevent the Frauds committed by the Ow ners of Ships.

And being aiked, Whether it is not usual for Persons, when they purchase any Part of a Ship, to have Recourse to the grand Bill of Sale ? he said, It was not usual, unless they have an ill Opinion of the Seller; it sometimes happening that the grand Bill of Sale is beyond the Sea, and the Seller in England; and that every Person having a Share or Part in any Ship, has a different Bill of Sale made to them; and that Shares are often branched out into Halves, Quarters, or lesser Parts, which are not indorsed on the grand Bill of Sale.

And being aiked, If the Part of a Ship being indorsed on the grand Bill of Sale, will make it a Security agffinft a Bill of Sale of a Part not indorsed, though prior in Time to that indorsed ? he answered, That it would not; for the Person who had not his Part indorsed on the grand ' Voj*. 22L

64}

Bill of Sale, if it appeared that it was prior in Date, would have the Title:

That if the Captain, who has the grand Bill of Sale, takes it with him abroad, the Buyer of any Part of a Ship is prevented having Recourse thereto.

Mr. Slingsby Bethell, being further examined, and aiked, What Ships are registered at the Custom-house, and in what manner ? He said, That those trading to the Plantations are obliged to be registered; but it is only to notify, that they are British built, and have British Owners; but that he don’t know' that the Owners are particularly named in the Register; and that the Register does not ascertain the property they have in the Ship.

Mr. Ephraim Haden said, That he purchased Part of a Ship, which being fold more than once over, he loft his Property therein: And he, and Mr. Gapptr, and Mr.

Bonham, severally said, That Persons are greatly discouraged from lending Money on Ships, or Parts of Ships, the Security for the same being so precarious.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Petitioners have proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the establishing an Office within the City of London, and in any otl^cr Port or Ports, which shall desire to have an Office erected within their respective Ports, for the Register ing of Bills of Sale of trading Ships, and Parts of such Ships and Vessels built, and hereafter to be built, to prevent the Frauds and clandestine Sales therein committed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the establishing an Office within the City of London, for the Registering Bills of Sale of trading Ships, and Parts of such Ships and Vessels built, and hereafter to be built, to prevent the Frauds and clandestine Sales therein committed:

And that Mr. Aldertnan Willimott, Mr. Ashby, and Sir George Cafwall, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Excise

That the Commissioners of the Excise do lay before this duties.

House, an Account of the Net Produce of the hereditary and temporary Excise, from Midfammtr 171G to Midfum-mer 1726; distinguishing each Year; and the Produce of the several Duties belonging to the said Excise;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for heN.es, } '8l'

So it passed in the Negative.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into $aii_cioth a Committee of the whole House, to confirler of the Manufacture. Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Makers of Sail-cloth, and others, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of the Poor in this Kingdom, employed in the Manufacturing thereof) was referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Willimott took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Willimott reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- af*1* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Crown# House, to consider of the Petition of Edward Randolph,

late

21° Mar til.

Supply.

Importation of Fiib, See,

Ways and Means.

Recovery of Small Debts in London.

Committee of Privileges.

Excise on Coffee, &c.

Gain (borough Church.

644 22° — a30 Martii. A. 1735.

' late of London, Merchant, on behalf of himself, and his Sureties.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole , House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Fi'iday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the preventing fresh Fish taken by Foreigners being imported into this Kingdom; and for the Preservation of the Fry of Fish; and for giving Leave to import Lobsters and Turbots in foreign Bottoms; and for the better Preservation of Salmon, within several Rivers in that Part of this Kingdom called England.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Champion be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of final 1 Debts within the City of London, and Liberties thereof, is committed.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 30 die Martii;

Anno 9* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1735. Prayers.

THE House being informed, that some of the Commissioners of the Excise attended at the

Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the Produce of the Inland Duties on Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate, from Midsummer 1724 to MidJ\mmer 1735; distinguilli-ing each Year.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church of Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vyner, Sir Francis Childs Mr. Parsons, Lord Vire Beauclerk, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Crozvle, Mr. Scazccn, Mr. Plumptre, Sir John Cope, Mr. Cicrzon, Mr. Hacks, Sir Robert Clijton, Mr. Winnington, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Pollen, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Gore, Sir Jcrmyn Davers, Lord Wallingjord, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Cartzcright, Lord Charles Cavendish, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fere, Lord Polzvarth, Mr. lVrighte, Sir James Grant, Mr. Croje, Mr. Cor new all, Mr. Archer, Mr. Walker, Sir Thomas Saundcrjon, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Byng, Mr. Packer> Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Treby, Sir JPm. Clayton, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Plumer, Sir JoJ Pennington, Mr. Compton, Mr. Kent, Colonel Onslozv, Sir Rowland Alston, Mr. Hay, Mr. Earle, Mr. Sandys, Mr. W0 has ton, Lord Mor pet h, Sir Wm, Carczc9 Sir Christopher

Pozvcll, Mr. Glanville; and all the Members, who serve for the Counties of Lincoln and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Wm. Gore, Mr. Thomas Gore, Colonel Selwyn, Mr. Selzvyn, Sir Wm. JolliJj'c, Sir Geo. Cajwall, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Heron. Mr. Alderman Heath cote, Sir Francis Child, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Holden, and Sir Geo. Beaumont, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, is committed.

Mr. Conduitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable John Shalescommonly called John Bai'rington, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and ule the Surname of Bari'ington, pursuant to the Settlement made by Sir Charles Barrington Baronet, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Bramston presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better regulating and ascertaining the Price and Assize of Bread in the City of London, and Parts adjacent, within the Bills of Mortality: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Robert Phillips Esquire, and his Issue Male, to take and ule the Surname of Lee, pursuant to the Will of Robert Lee Esquire, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, w ithout any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk s Table.

A Petition of the High Sheriff of the County of Berks> and others, whose Namesare thereunto lbbscribed, Trustees appointed by virtue of the Acts of Parliament, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, and the First Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from Maidenhead Bridge to Sunning Jane End, next to Tzoyjord, in the Road to Reacting, and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That by a Bill, now depending in this House, for repairing the Highways from Sunning-lane End, next Twyjord, to the Old Bear Inn in Reading, it is suggested, That the before-mentioned Highways are lb far repaired, that Part of the Tolls may be well applied towards the repairing the last mentioned Highways; and therefore the Trustees are, by the said Bill, out of the Monies collected, or to be collected, by virtue of the above-mentioned Acts, to repair the lame, as if they had been included in the said Acts; and that the said Bill provides, That the Colts of procuring the Act shall be paid out of the Monies arisen, and to arise, by virtue of the above-mentioned former Acts: That the Petitioners are informed, it is intended that the Turnpike-gate at Sunning-lanc End, shall not be carried so near Reading, as to include a Lane called Ort-lane, which e 1-ters from the Forest Side of the Country into the high Road proposed to be repaired: That each of the said Roads in the former Acts are above Eight, and, together, above Sixteen Miles in Length: That the Trustees at first were obliged to borrow several large Sums on the Credit of the Tolls, which at this Day ft and mortgaged for the sum of <£.700, Principal Money; That the Tolls produced, communibus annis, but about £. 58/5 a

Year;

Recovery of Small Debts in London.

Shales*

Name.

Assize of Bread ia London.

Phillips*

Name.

Sunning* lane Roads.

9 Geo. II. 23° Martii. $45

Year; and that the Interest of Money borrowed, Salaries, are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in and other necessary Expences, amount to £. 255; so that the Speaker’s Chamber, the Trustees have but about £. 330 a Year to expend in

repairing the said Sixteen Miles, which they hope will ap- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord

pear to the Satisfaction of this House, to have been fru- for discharging the Estate purchased by the Trustees of Cavendtfh’i

gaily and justly laid out; and that the Treasurer, at Charles Cavendish Esquire, commonly called Lord Estate*

Christmas\e&, which was the last Quarterly Meeting, had Charles Cavendish, from the Trusts.of his Settlement,

but the Sum of £. 111 13 s. 0 d. in his Hands: That and for enabling the said Trustees to sell and dispose of

the Roads mentioned in the Bill contain Four Miles in the fame, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read

Length, and, if included in the present Turnpike, will a Second time.

make a Fifth Part of the Roads to be repaired: That the Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Sun-

present Turnpike Roads, by the last severe Winter, are don. Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Berkeley, Mr, Scawen,

very much damaged, and will require a great Expence to Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Tozonjhend,

put them into Repair: That the Petition for the Bill was Copplefon, Mr. Bromley, Lord Hairy Powlett, Mr. Yorke',

subscribed without any publick Notice to the Trustees, on Lord Polwarth, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Treby, Sir Wm

a Meeting required of them; and that, as the Petitioners Clayton, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Yates, Lord Vei'e apprehend, if the Turnpike-gate at Sunning-lane End Beauclerk, Sir Chris Powell, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Kent, may be carried on nearer Reading, so as to include OrU Mr. Huxley, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Longueville, Sir Geo. lane aforesaid, the same will raise an adequate Sum for Cq/'walL, Mr. Di'Ummoiid, Lord Glenorchy, Mr. Gore, repairing the Roads mentioned in the new Bill;.and that Mr. Edwards, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Hucks, Captain Ro* the Petitioners are desirous, that the Quarterly Meetings binfon, Mr. A rchpr. Sir Robert A ujlen. Sir John Rttfh* of the Trustees may, for the future, be alternatively at out, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Rawlinson Earley Maidenhead, Reading, and Henley: That above Three Sir Wm. Stapleton,. Mr. Bathurfi, Sir Miles Stapylton+

Miles of the Road mentioned in the Bill lie in the Parish Mr Foley, Mr. Watkyn Wms. Wynne, Sir Francis Boyri-of Sunning; and the Inhabitants, who are many, will ton, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Fere, Sir Wm.Heathcote, Mr. Con-not, unless the Gate be removed beyond Ort-la7ie, contri- duitt. Sir John Chichester, Mr. Waller, Mr. Sandys, Mr. bute towards the Repair of their own publick Roads, and Fydell, Lord James Cavendish, Colonel Onslow, Mr* that many ThousandsSheep and Cattle, in Summer-time, Earle; and all the Members who serve for the C0U11-go through Ort-lane, to the great Prejudice of the Tolls; ties of Hertford, Bedford, and Derby: And they are to and that, as the Petitioners conceive, if the Bill, as now meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the proposed, passes into a Law, it will be greatly injurious Speaker’s Chamber, to the present Turnpike Roads, if the new Road shall be

repaired out of the Tolls of the present Turnpike, withr A Bill for enabling the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, out contributing any thing the reunto, and will prevent of the Borough of New Windsor, in the County of Windsor the Petitioners from being able to continue the present Berks, to repair and maintain their great Bridge over the Turnpike Road in any tolerable Repair; a much greater River of Thames, leading from the said Borough of New Sum, than what is now in hand, being absolutely necef- Windsor, to Eton, in the County of Bucks, was read a fary to repair the present Roads, without applying any Second'time

Part thereof to pay the Expence of an Act of Parliament, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Sidney

upon the present Bill, or paying off any Part of the said Beauclerk, Lord Polwarth, Lord Fere Beauclerk, Mr.

Debt of £. 700: And therefore praying, That the Peti- Winnington, Sir John ttujhout, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bacon^ tioners may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before Mr. Longueville, Mr. Treby, Lord Glenorchy, Sir Roger the said Bill passes; and that the House will be pleased Bradshaigh, Mr. Scawen, Sir Chris. Powell, Mr. CroJJe, to take the Nature of their same into Consideration, and Mr. Archer, Dr. Lee, Mr. Packer, Mr. Campbell, Co-make such Provision for their Relief, in the said Bill, as lonel Onslow, Mr. Drummond, Lord Harm} Powlett, to the House shall seem meet. Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Fere, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Pelham, Sir

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- Charles Turner, Mr. Townshend, Mr Sloper, Mr. Copple-sideration of the Committee,; to whom the Bill for re- ft on, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Thomas Tower, Mr. Fane, pairing the Highways from Sunningrla?ieE\vi, nextT\oy- Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Smelt, Mr. Gore, Sir James Camp-ford, to the Old Bear Inn, in Reading, in the County of bell. Sir James Grant, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. May, Lord Berks, is committed; and that the Petitioners, if they Charles Cavendish, Mr. Marshall, Sir Wm. Stapleton, Mr. think fit, be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before Thompson, Mr. Griffith, Mr. Ashby. Mr. Yorke, Mr. the said Committee, according to the Prayer of their Baker, Mr. Briflmv, Sir John Chichester, Sir Here. North-Petition. . cot, Mr. Wm. Hucks, Mr. Robert Hucks, Mr. Crowle, M>r.

Ordered, That it be an Ipstruction to the said Com- Hen. Fox, Mr. Goddard, Mr. Hales, Mr. Ingram, Mr. mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the Eechmere, Ix>rd Middlesex, Lord John Sacvilie. Lord BaU same time, in fevour of the said Bill, against the said timorc, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Charles Pelham, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Petition. Pollen; and all the Members who serve for the Counties

Ordered, That Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. May, Mr. Dig- o{Berks &udBucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon by, Mr. Gore, Sir Thomas Hoby, Mr.. Harry Waller, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr Hay, Mr. Compton, Mr. Mountagu and Sir Wm.

Stapleton, be added to *he said Committee. A Bill for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to Offices and

' qualifythemselves for Offices orEmploymentswithin the Employment*.

Puny’s A Bill for naturalizing David Purry, was read a Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time

Kat* Second time. for that Purpose; and for amending so much of an Act,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Gore, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Gore, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Majesty, for indemnifying Persons who have omitted Mr. Treby, Sir John Cope, Mr. Pollen, Sir Fmncis Child, to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments within Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Foley; Mr. Butler, Mr. Winning- the Time limited by Law, and for other Purposes thereto, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Drummond, Mr. in mentioned, as requires Persons to qualify themselves Brereton, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir John Rushout, Mr. for Offices or Employments before the End of the next Leheup, Mr. Duckett, Mr. Fere, Mr. Longueville, Lord Term, or Quarter Sessions; and also for enlarging the Polwarth, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Sir Wm. Clayton, Co- Time for making and subscribing the Declaration against Jonel Campbell, Mr. Pitt% Mr. Huxley, Mr. Gregory, Transubstantiation, directed to bemade by an Act, passed Mr Scawen, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Archer, Mr. Bathurst, in the 25th Year of King Charles the Second, for prevent-Mt*. Parsons, Mr. Alderman Willimott, Lord Morpeth, ing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants;

Sir James Grant, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Sandys: And they and for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds Vol. 83.; 8 B and

6^6 23*- — $4° 1735.

amd Wills mkde by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devi fees, and Lessees, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Severt-night, resolve itfdf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

KSlafgow A Petition of the Feuers, and other Inhabitants, of the improvement Qort)dls> &c. was presented to the House, and read;

complaining of the Design to comprehend the Gorbells, and adjacent Grounds, in the Bill for a Duty on Ale and Beer, in favour of the City of Glasgow; the Gorbells being no Part of that City* or within their Charter of Erection into a Borough Royal, but being afeveral Barony* and being, and alwayg having been, Part of the Shire of Lanerky and having publick Works of their own; and having of late built a Church, whereby the Inhabitants are in Debt; and wanting, many other Things for their Encouragement and Accommodation; and having been expressly excepted in former Grants for the like Impofi* tion: And therefore praying the House to allow the Petitioners to be heard, by their Counsel, against the aforesaid Bill, or any other, for laying a Duty on the Gorbells* in favour oftbe Town of Glasgow, and to give the Petitioners such Remedy as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for continuing the Duty of Two Penies Scotst or One-sixth of a Peny Sterling, on each Pint of , Ale and Beer that shall be vended or sold within the City of Glasgow, or Villages of Gorbells and Port GlasgoWy and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City and Villages, be read a Second time.

Sail-cloth Mr. Alderman Willimolty according to Order, reported Manufacture. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Makers of Sail-cloth, and others, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands Of the Poor in this Kingdom, employed in the manufacturing thereof, was referred, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and are as follows; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a further Encouragement be given to the Manufacture of British Sail-cloth.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties payable on foreign Sail-cloth imported into this Kingdom be more effectually secured.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Ship which shall be built in Great Britain, or in the British Plantations in America, from and after the 24th Day of June next, shall, upon her first setting out, have One full Set of Sails made of British Canvas.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Sail-cloth, from and after the 24 th Day of June next, he exported to the British Plantations in America, but such only as is manufactured in Great Britain or Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, from and after the 24th Day of June 1738, all British Ships or Vessels of 200 Tons Admeasurement, or upwards, be fumished with One full Suit of Sails made of British Sail-cloth.

The First, Second, Third, and Fourth, Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fifth Resolution, being read a Second time, was postponed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill upon the First, Second, Third, and Fourth Resolutions: And that Mr. Alderman Willimotty Mr. Walpole, Mr. Lock-woody the Lord Baltimore, Mr. Wi?inington, Mr. Sandys, *7

Sir Charles Wager, Colonel Bladeii, Sir Charles Turner, and Sir John Barnard9 do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Ordef of the Day being fead, for hearing, at the Sotithafnjano Bar of this Hotife, the Matters of the several Petitions Elccl, uu* Complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Southampton;

Ordered, That the Matters of the said Petitions be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon this Day Month.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to the Yotk farther Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions Election, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of York.

And the Counsel were called in:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner, SWRowtand Winft Baronet, and the other Petitioners, whose Petition complains of an undue Election and Return of Sir Miles Sta-pylton Baronet, for the said County, examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to difqua-lify several other Persons who voted for the said Sitting Member at the said Election.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions be adjourned till Thursday Morning next*

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon ThursdayMotnxug Removing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable John Sinclair, eldest Son of by Attainder* Henry late Lord Sinclair, deceased, to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriij 24* die Martit;

Anno 9* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1735.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Oxenford, duties ok from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended Tea»&c* at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Net Produce of the Subsidies, and other Duties, paid on Tea for Home Consumption, from Christmas 1716 to Christmas 1723, distinguishing each Year. And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Cocoa-nuts and Chocolate imported, from Christmas 1716 to Christmas 1723, distinguishing each Year; with an Account of the Subsidies, and other Duties, paid thereupon, for so much as remained for Home Consumption: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Tea sold at the East India Company’s Sales, from Christmas 1728 to Christmas 1735; with the Average of the Pound Weight fold for each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Tea seized in London, and the Out Ports, from Christmas 1728 to Christmas 1735, and at what Prices the same have been fold.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Sir Christopher Powell reported from the Committee, to Kent

whom the Bill to enable the Justices of the Peace acting County for the Western Division of the County of Kent, to pur- Citto1* chafe a convenient Piece of Ground for building a Gaol for the said County, and for impowering the said Justices to apply Part of the County Stock of the said Division towards the fame, was committed. That the

Committee

9 Geo. II.

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House > and he read the Keport in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Hill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time* one by one; and, upon 11 le Quell ion severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill) with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

fimlnr, Ire* An ingrossed Bill for repairing the ftoads leading from RoitU. Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a Place called Milrstone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a Place called Milcstone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir William Stapleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defiro their Concurrence,

Cmmtnul Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, pursuant Wll" to their Address to his Majesty, Copy of the Treaty of Navigation and Commerce between his Majesty and her Czarish Majesty, concluded at Peterfiurgh, 2d December 1731; and Translation thereof.

And the Titles of the said Copy and Translation were read.

The Translation is as follows; viz.

Whereas the most Serene and most Potent Prince George the Second, by the Grace of God King of Great Britain, Fram e, and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, Duke of Bmnfwkk and Lnncnberg, Arch Trea-fnrer and Prince Elector of the Holy Roman Empire, S c. and the most Serene, most High, and most Potent, Prineefs Anne, likewise by the Grace of God Czarina and Great Duciiefs of all the Great, IJttle, and White Raffias, Sole Monarch of Muscovia, Kiovia, Ulodomiria, Xovogardia, Czarina of Cazan, Czarina of AJiracan, Czarina of Siberia, Lady of Pfcovia, and Great Duciiefs of Smolcn/ko, Tueria, Jugoria, Permia, lr\atkia, Bolgaria, and other Places, Lady and Great Ducbefs of the Lower Xovogardia, Tzemihovia, Rezania, Ro-Jtovia, Jaroffivia, Belooforia, I?doria, Ohdoria, Condinia, and Empress of all the Coasts of the North, Lady of the Lands of Iberia, Cartalinia, and Gruzinia, Czarina of Caberdinnia, Circoffin, and the Dukes of the Mountains, and of many other Dominions and Countries East, West, and North, Hcireft, Successor, Lady, and Ruler, e£c. have considered, that there has been, for a very long time, an Intercourse of Commerce and good Friendship between their Territories and Subjects reciprocally, without having been regulated and established by any fixed and particular Convention; and being defirousto render this Correspondence more firm and lifting, by such Regulations and Conditions as might remove some Difficulties that have arisen therein, and put the Trade and Navigation upon a Foundation that might better answer the mutual good Intelligence that fubiifts between the said King, and the said Czarina, and their Dominions and Subjects, they have thought fit to name and authorize Ministers on the one Side, and on the other, for that Purpose; that is to say. His Majesty the King of Great Britain, 8Cc. has named, for Commissary and Plenipotentiary on his Part, the Sieur Claudius Rondeau, his Resident at the Court of her Czarish Majesty; and her Majesty the Czarina of all the Rujffias, tfc. hath named, for Commissaries and Plenipotentiaries on her Part, her Cabinet Minister, actual Privy Counsellor, and Knight of the Order of St. Andrtry, Henry John Frederick, Count of Overman, as also her Cabinet Minister, actual Privy Counsellor, and Knight Vo l.

647

of the Order of St. Andrew, Prinfce Alexti Czercafcoy', Commercial ai likewise her actual Privy Counsellor, Senator, and with President of the College of Commerce, and Knight of Ru the Order of the White Eagle, Baron Peter de Schap-hirojf; who having conferred together by virtue of their respective full Powers, have agreed upon the Articles following:

1.

The Peafce, Friendship, and good Correspondence, which happily subsist between their Majesties of Great Britain, and of all the Rujffias, shall be confirmed and settled by this Treaty; so that from this time forward, and for the future, there shall be, between the Crown of Great Britain, on the one Side, and the Crown of all the Rujffias, 00 the other, as also between their States,

Countries, Kingtloms, Dominions, and Territories, which are under their Obedience, a true, sincere, firm, and perfect* Peace* Amity, and good Intelligence, which shall last for ever*and be inviolably preserved, as well by Land as by Sea, and upon firelh Waters; and the Subjects,

People, and Inhabitants, on the one Side, and on the other, of what Degree or Condition soever they may be, shall mutually treat each other with all Sort of Kindness,

Aid, and Assistance, possible, without doing any Wrongs or Damage whatsoever to each other.

2.

There shall be a perfect Liberty of Navigation and Commerce in all the Dominions of either of the Two High contracting Parties, situated in Europe, where Navigation and Commerce is at present allowed, or shall hereafter be allowed, by the High contracting Parties, to the Subjects of any other Nation.

3*

It is agreed, That the Subjects of the High contracting Parties may at all times enter into the Ports, Places, or Towns, ofeitheroftbe High contracting Parties, with their Ships, Vessels, and Carriages, loaden or empty, into which the Subjects of any other Nation are allowed to enter, trade, or abide; and the Seamen, Passengers, and Vessels, as well English as Russ, although the Subjects of some other foreign Nation should be fdund among their Crew, shall be received and treated as the most favoured Nation; and the Seamen or Passengers shall not be forced to enter into the Service of either of the High contracting Parties, except the Subjects of that contracting Party which shall have Occasion for their Service: And it is agreed, That the Subjects of ilie High contracting Parties may buy all Sorts of Necessaries, which they may want, at the current Prices, refit and repair their Ships, Vessels, or Carriages, and buy all Sorts of Provision for their Subsistence or Voyage, stay or go, as they please, without Molestation or Hindrance; provided that they conform themselvesto the Laws and Ordinances of the respective Dominions of the High contracting Parties into which they shall come, or where they shall relide.

4-

It is agreed, That the Subjects of Great Britain may bring, by Water or by Land, into all or any of the Dominions of Rujffia, where the Subjects of any other Nation have Permission to trade, all Sorts of Goods or Merchandizes, whereof the Tradeor Importation are hot prohibited; and, in like manner, the Subjects of Russia may bring into all or any of the Dominions of Great Britain, where the Subjects of any other Nation are permitted to trade, all Sorts of Merchandizes of the Produce or Manufactureof the Dominions of Russia, whereof the Trade and Importation are not prohibited, and; in like manner, the Merchandizes of the Produce or Ma-nufadure oiAfia, provided that the same be not actually prohibited by any Law at present in Force in Great Britain; and that they may buy and export, out of the Dominions of Great Britain, all Sorts of Goods and Merchandizes which the Subjects of any other Nation may buy in the Dominions, and export out of the Dominions, of Great Britain, particularly Gold and Silver wrought or unwrought, the coined Money of Great Britain being excepted: And to the end that an Equality may be preserved, with respect to the Exportation of

Goods

240 Martii.

hv

1

Commercial Treaty with Russia.

648

2 40 Mar tit.

Goods and Merchandizes, where the Riifs pay much lower Duties than those who trade thither from Great Britain, the Subjects of Russia shall hereafter pay the same Duties of Exportation that the English Merchants pay upon the same Goods, exporting them from the Ports of Russia; and the Russ Merchants shall enjoy the same Liberties and Privileges of Trade in England, as the English Merchants of the Russia Company do enjoy; it being always tinderstood, that there is nothing in this Permission contrary to the Laws of the Country: and that the Merchants, both English and Russ, and their Factors, conform themselves to the Laws, Statutes, and Ordinances, received and established in those Countries respectively where they shall traffick, to the end that' no Fraud or Abuse may happen to be introduced.

5*

It is agreed. That the Subjects of Great Britain, if they have no Rix Dollars to pay the Customs or Duties which are payable on the Merchandizes imported, they may pay the same in the current Money, at the Rate 125 Copecks for a Rix Dollar.

6.

AH Ease and Dispatch shall be given according to the Regulations for that Purpose, at the Entry of English Vessels, to load and unload their Merchandizes belonging to the Subjects of Great Britain, and they shall not be in any-ways detained under the Penalties specified in the Regulations; and, if the Subjects of Great Britain make any Contract with any Chancery or College, to deliver any Goods or Merchandizes, upon making Declaration that the Merchandizes are ready to be delivered, they shall be received according to the Time specified in the Contract; after which the Account shall be regulated and liquidated, in such time as shall have beep agreed in the Contract between the Chancery, or College, and the English Merchant. '

7;

It is agreed, That the Subjedsof Great Britain may, ih all the Towns and Places of Russia where the Sub-je#s of any other Nation are permitted to come, pay, for the Merchandizes they have bought, the same cur-» rent Money of Ryfjfia which has been received for Merchandizes foldy unless some particular Contract specify the contrary.

It is agreed, That the Subjects of Great Britain may import into Russia all Sorts of Goods or Merchandizes, and carry them through the Dominions of Russia, by the shortest and most commodious Way* into Persia, paying Three percent, in Rix Dollars, ad valorem, for the Duty and Transit of the said Merchandizes, and not any more, under any Pretext whatsoever; nevertheless the English Merchants shall be obliged to agree with the Russian Subjects for the Charge of Transportation, as well by Water as by Land, and to give them areasonable Price for the same; and the most precise Orders shall be issued, that the English Merchants may meet with all Expedition and Facility upon the Road; and, in like manner, that they may bring all Sorts of Goods an Merchandizes from Persia, and carry them through BuJJia, with the same Liberty and Ease, paying only Three per Cent, ad valorem, for the Duty and Transit, reckoning the Rix Dollars in the manner as usual in the Russian Cudom-houses: And, for preventing all Frauds on the Part of the English Subjects, and all Vexations and Delays on the Part of the Russian Officers, the English Merchants shall declare the Merchandizes deigned to pass through Rujffia, and to go to Perffa, and also those which they bring from Persia, at the Fird Placewhere they come into Rujffia; and they shall be received according to their Bills of Lading, Policy, or Register, and according to their declared Value; on which a Duty of Three per Cent, shall be paid, without opening or unpacking the Merchandizes, more than is absolu.tely necessary to satisfy the Russ Officer, that the Merchandizes specified in the Bill of Lading, Policy, or Register, and no other, is or are contained in the Packs or Bales wherein the Merchandizes are put; but in case that the Russ Officer has Reason to fuf-16

4- 1755-

pe#, that the Merchandizes are not declared according to their full Value, by 20 per Cent. in such same the Russ Officer, paying the Merchant the declared Value, and 20 per Cent, more, without any Deduction, may take the Merchandizes, and dispose of them: When the Russ Officer has made his Visitation, which shall be done without any Vexation or Injury to the Merchandizes, or the Package, he shall affix a Piece of Lead on the Bales or Packs wherein the Merchandizes are contained; he shall number them, and mark them;and shall give the Merchants a Certificate of the Payment of the Duties, and, by this Certificate, Lead Mark, and Numero, they shall pass through Russia, to go to Per-fia, or to come from thence, without any other Hindrance or Molestation; but in case the Merchant does not carry all or any of the Bales through Russia, according to the Declaration, or if he breaks the Leads, and takes out'any of the Merchandizes in Russia, if there be any Reason to suspe# that it was done contrary to the clear Sense and Intention of this Article, lie shall be fined, and shall pay the full declared Value of such Bale or Pack as shall be wanting, or shall have the Lead broke.

/ 9-

That it shall be allowed reciprocally to the Subjects of the Highcontracting Parties, at the usual Places of Transportation, to load, upon their own Ships, Vessels, or Carriages, or on any others, the Merchandizes that they have bought, except suchonly as are prohibited to be exported, and to carry or fend them out freely; provided that they pay the Customs, and that the Ships, Vessels, or Carriages, be cleared according to the Regulations.

10.

That the Subjects of either the ope or the other of the Parties shall not pay more Customs or Duties for the Importation or Exportation of the Merchandizes, than what is paid for the Importation or Exportation of the same Merchandizes by the Subjects of any other Nation; and, for the Preventing of all Frauds in the Customs, on the one Side and the other, the Merchandizes that have flipped by the Custom-house, to avoid the Payment of the Duties of Importation, shall be contifcated; and no other Punishment shall be inflicted on the Merchants of either the one or the other of the Parties.

11.

It is agreed. That the Subjects of the one or the other of the Parties may freely go, come, and traffick, in all the Dominions that are, or that shall be hereafter, at Enmity with either of the Parties, except only the Places which are actually blockaded or besieged, provided that they do not carry any warlike Stores to the Enemy; as to all other Goods, the Vessel, the Passengers, and Effects, shall be free and unmolelied.

' 12.

Cannon, Mortars, Fire-arms, Pistols, Bombs, Gra-nadoes, Cannon-ball, Bullets, Fufees, Flints, Match, Powder, Salt-petre, Brimstone, Armour, Pikes, Swords, Belts, Pouches, Cartouch-boxes, Saddles, and Bridles, in any Quantity beyond what is necessary for the Provision of the Shi p, or what may belong to, or be judged necessary for each Man belonging to the Ship, or for the Passengers, shall be deemed warlike Stores, and, if they are found, they may be seized and confiscated, according to Law; but neither the Ship, Passengers; nor the rest of the Efte&s, shall be detained on that Account, or hindered from pursuing their Voyage.

13-

That in case of a Rupture between the High coning Parties (which God forbid 1) the Persons, Effects, or Ships, of the Subjects of the one or the other of the Parties shall not be detained nor confiscated; but, at kail, a Year’s Time shall be allowed, that they may fell, dispose of, carry, or fend away, their Effects, and remove their Persons.

14.

The Merchants, Seamen, Ships, or Este#s, shall not, on either Side, be seized, or forced to enter into the Service, under any Pretence whatsoever, without their ow*

Content;

9 Geo. II. 24° Martii

Consent 5 and, if any Servant or Seaman deserts his Service or Ship, he shall be given up, it being understood, that nothing in this Article tends to hinder the ordinary course of Justice of the one Side or the other.

That in case of Shipwreck in any Place of the Dominions of the High contracting Parties, all Manner of Assistance shall be given to the Unfortunate; no Violence shall be offered them, nor shall their Effects, which have been saved by themselves, or by others, or cast on Shore by the Sea, be concealed or detained from them; nor shall any one do Damage to them, under any Pretence whatsoever, but they shall be kept safe for them,# and they shall pay a reasonable Price for the Assistancethey shall have received, towards helping them to save their Persons, Ship, and Effects.

16.

The Engli/k Merchants may build, buy, or hire, Houses, and sell or dispose of them in any Place at St. Petersburgh, at Moscow, in the German Slabod, in AJiracan, and in Arch Angel, and nobody shall be quartered upon them in their Houses in those Places 5 in all other Places, though they shall have Liberty to buy, fell, or'hire, Houses, they shall not however be exempted from Quartering, but they shall bear the same equally with the other Inhabitants: It is likewise agreed, That the Russ Merchants may build, buy, or hire, Houses, in Great Britain and Ireland, and sell or dispose of them; they qualifying themselves for that Purpose in the same manner as the Subjects of any other Nation, the most favoured, are obliged to do; and that they shall be exempted from Quartering; and that they shall have the free Exercise of the Greek Religion in their Houses, or in such Places as shall be appointed for that Purpose.

I"-

PafTports shall be given to all the English Subjects, who desire to leave the Dominions of Rufia, Two Months after they shall have given Notice of their Design to go away, without obliging them to give any Security, if in that time there does not appear any just Cause for detaining them, or without obliging them to apply for their PafTports any-where else than to the College of Commerce, or to that which shall hereafter be substituted in the room of that College: The same Dispatch and Facility in going away shall be given to the Russ Subjects in all the Dominions of Great Britain, according to the Custom of the Country on such Occasions.

18.

The English Merchants, who take into their Service, or Hire, Servants in Russia, with such PafTportsas the Civil Policy think fit to register, shall not be afterwards obliged to pay more for them, to the Mailers of those Servants, than that which shall have been agreed upon between the English Merchant and the Servant; but the English Merchant shall not keep those Servants longer than the Term which was allowed for their Service by their Mailer’s Passport; but, without Pokermojlinoys, no Servant shall be taken into Service, or hired: And in case that the Merchant takes a Bond of Security for the Probity and Fidelity of the Servant, if it happens that such Servant does not behave himself well, and cheats any one, the Merchant shall not be responsible for it, but the Security: Aud there shall be the same reciprocal Security and Justice for the Russ Merchant residing in the Dominions of Great Britain, who shall hire Servants there, according to the Laws of the Country.

*9

All the Affairs of the English Merchants in Rufia shall be under the Cognizance of the College of Commerce only, or of such other Court as shall hereafter be appointed, instead of that College, to take Cognizance of the Affairs of foreign Merchants, and no other: The Russ Merchants in the Dominions of Great Britain shall be under the Protection and Justice of the Laws of that Kingdom, as all other foreign* Merchants, and they shall be treated as the moll favoured Nation.

Vo l. 22.

20.

The English Merchants shall not be obliged to shew Commercial their Books or Papers to any one whatever, except for Treaty with making Proof in Law; neither shall their Books or Papers be taken away from them, or detained; neither shall their Goods be taken in Execution, or fold, under any Pretence whatsoever, unless in case of Bankruptcy, and then by Judgment of the College of Commerce only, or of such other Court as may be appointed hereafter, in the room of that College, to take care of the Affairs of foreign Merchants: And the Russ Merchants in the Dominions of Great Britain ^shall be protected by the Laws, as in the preceding Article.

21:

That, in case of a Law-suit, Four Persons, of unble-mished Reputation among the foreign Merchants, shall be named by the College of Commerce to examine the Books and Papers of the Prosecutor, as Occasion shall require; and the Report of the Examiners to the College of Commerce, of what they shall have found upon examining the Books or Papers, shall be held for good Evidence in the Cafe.

22.

The Custom-house shall take care to examine the"

Servants of the Russ Merchants, when they write Bargains, if they have Orders, or Letters of Credit, from their Mailers, for so doing; if they have none, they shall not be trusted: The same Thing shall be done towards the Servants of the English Merchants; and the Merchandizes shall be written on the Account of the Masters; who, if they have given Orders, or Letters of Credit, to their Servants, shall then be responsible, as if they had written the Merchandizes themselves: In like manner all the Russ Servants employed in the Shops shall be registered; and their Masters shall be responsible for their Transactions in point of Commerce.

*3-

In case that Russ Merchants, being indebted to Eng-lifi Merchants, shall leave the Place where they are, and remove into the Country; if it should happen, that, while they are absent, Petitions should be given in against them, with Proof of the Debt; then the College of Commerce shall cite them Three different times, allowing a sufficient Time for their Appearance before the College, but, if they do not appear, the College of Commerce shall condemn them, and fend a Person express, at the Charge of the Prosecutor, to the Governors, or Chief Magistrates, to put the Sentence in Execution, and oblige the Debtor to pay that which is demanded.

24-

That the Russ Merchants, which come with the Merchandizes, shall be obliged to enter them at the Custom-house as soon as possible; and, when they flialji have been fold, they shall write the Quantity, the Weight, and the Measur, according to the Regulations.

a5-

The Brack shall be settled according to Justice, and put on a good Regulation; and the Brackers shall be responsible for the Quality of the Merchandizes, and for the false Package; and shall be liable tp pay the Loss, upon Proof against them.

26.

There shall be Regulations made for correcting the Abuses that may happen in the Bandage on Hides and Hemp: In the mean while, if there happens any Dispute between the Buyer and the Seller, concerning the Tare of any Merchandizes, the Custom-house shall decide it, without Delay, according to Reason and Equity.

27.

For the greater Ease and Encouragement of the Trade of Great Britain, it is agreed, That, for the future, the Woolen Stuffs of England, hereafter specified, shall not pay any more Duties on Eutry, than what is specified in this Article; that is to say,

/ 8 C English

240 Martii. A. 1735.

C rnimercial English Cloth for Soldiers shall pay no more than Two Tr ity with Copecks in Rix Dollars by the Archine, for Duty on Entry. 3

The coarse Cloth of the County of York, known in the Russian Tariff by the Name of KoftroJJcy, shall pay no more than Two Copecks in Rix Dollars by the Archine, for Duty on Entry.

The Broad Flannel shall pay but One Copeck in Rix Dollars by the Archine, for Duty on Entry.

The narrow Flannel shall pay but Three Quarters of a Copeck in Rix Dollars by the Archine, for the Duty on Entry.

28.

It is agreed and concluded between the High con-trading Parties, That the Subjects of the one and the other Side shall be considered and treated always as the moil favoured Nation in their respective Dominions; and that the Subjects of Ruffa, who shall go into England, to learn their Arts or Trade, shall be protected, favoured, and inftriicted: In like manner the Ritfs Ships, when they are at Sea, upon their Voyage, shall not in anywise be hindered by the English Ships, when they shall meet each other, provided that, in the Brit iff Sea, they demean themselves according to Custom; but they shall be favoured, and shall receive all Assistance possible; and the same shall be done in the Ports or Havens under the Dominion of Great Britain.

29-

The Peace, Amity, and good Understanding, shall lad for ever between the High contracting Parties; and as it is customary to fix a certain Time for Treaties of Commerce, the said High contracting Parties have agreed, That this, of Commerce, shall last for the Space of Fifteen Years, to be reckoned from the Day of the Signing of this present Treaty; and, before that Term be expired, they may agree together for renewing and prolonging the fame-3°-

This present Treaty of Navigation and Commerce shall be approved and ratified by his Bntaww/c/; Majesty, and by her Czarish Majesty; and the Instruments of Ratification, in due Form, shall be exchanged on each Side, at St. Petersburgh, within the Space of Three Months, or sooner, if possible, reckoning from the Day of Signing.

Iu Witness whereof, we the Underwritten, provided with the full Powers of their ft\id Britannick and Czarish Majesties, have, in their said Names, signed this present Treaty, and have let our Seals thereto. Done at St. 'Petersburgh, the 2d December 1734.

(L.S.) Claudius Rondeau. (L.S.) H. /, F. C. v. OJlerman.

(L.S.) Knez Alexei Czercaffoi.

(L.S.) Baron Peter Schaffrov.

Ordered, That the said Copy and Translation do lie tupon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

Wearing The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act of printed to amend an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Callicoes. Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled,. An Act to preserve and encourage the Woolen and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for more effectual employing the Poor, by prohibiting the Ufeand Wear of all printed, painted, stained, or dyed Callicoes, in Apparel, Houshold-stuff, Furniture, or otherwise, after the 25th of December 1722, except as is therein excepted, so far as relates to Goods made of Linen Yarn, and Cotton Wool, manufactured in Great Britain, without any Amendment. And also, Biggleswade The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Road. for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Road from Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, to Bugden, and, through Alconberry, to the Top of Alconberry Hill, oxCrofs-post, leading intoSautery-lane, on the York and Edinburgh Road; and from the said Town of Bugden to the Town of Huntingdon; and from Cross-hally in Eaton Soken, in the said County of Bedford, to Great Sioughion Common, in the said County of Huntingdon; without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Beconsfidd for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, Road, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Beconsfield, in the County of Bucks, to Stoken Church, in the County of Oxon, without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Lys’ Nat. this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize Henry Lys. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Pyndar’s to enable Reginald Lygon Esquire, otherwise Pyndar, Name,

and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take upon him and them the Surname and Arms of Lygon, pursuant to the Settlement of William.Lygon Esquire, deceased, with One Amendment: To which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Alresford dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste hwlofure. Grounds called Stankham and Sold ridge Commons, in the Parish of Old Alresford, in the County of Southampton: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Bentley’s veiling the Equity of Redemption of all the Lands of Estates* Inheritance, and Leasehold Estates, late of Charles Bentley Esquire, deceased, lying in the County of Worcester, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts, and making some Provision for Penelope his Widow, and Charles and Penelope, Infants, his Son and Daughter:

To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Parker’s vacating the Grants and Settlements of certain Manors, Marriage Lands, and Tenements, made by George Parker Esquire, Settlements upon the Marriage of Francis his Son with Jacquette his now Wife, and for settling other Lands instead thereof:

To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Gilbert’s enable John Gilbert Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his 1 a?nt" Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Cooper, pursuant to the Will of John Cooper, of Thurgarton,

Esquire, deceased: To which the Lords desire the

Concurrence of this House. And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Smith’s enable George Allgood Esquire, lately called George Name-Smith] and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Allgood only, pursuant to the Will of George Allgood, Gentleman, deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this I louse.

' And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Pyndar Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, ^alne An Act to enable Reginald Lygon Esquire, otherwise Pyndar, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take upon him and them the Surname and Arms of Lygon, pursuant to the Settlement of William Lygon Esquire, deceased:

And the said Amendment was read; and is as follows; viz.

At the End of the Bill, add Proviso, marked A:

A: " Provided that nothing in this Act contained f< shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away " from Margaret Lygon, Daughter and Heiress of the *c said Corbyn Lygon, and Heir General of the said " William Lygon, the Right of bearing and using the " Arms of that Family.*'

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

9 Geo. II. 240 M651

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the read the Prayers, and make and subscribe the Declara-Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed tion directed to be read, made, and subscribed, by the to the Amendment made by their Lordships. Act of Uniformity, of the 13th and 14th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, within the Time Philips* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for Nime. to enable Robert Philips Esquire, and his I flue Male, to doing thereof:

take and use the Surname of Lee, pursuant to the Will An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Seventh of Robert Lee Esquire, deceased, was read the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the time. First, intituled, An Act to preserve and encourage the

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. Woolen and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the for more effectual employing the Poor, by prohibiting Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed the Use ami Wear of all printed, painted, flamed, or to the fame, without any Amendment. dyed Callicoes, in Apparel, Houshold Stuff, Furhiture,

or otherwise, after the 25th Day of December 1722, Accounts Ordered, That the Accounts, this Day presented to except as is therein excepted, so far as relates to Goods

to *r«hilil# House by Mr. Oxenford, from the Commissioners of made of Linen Yam and Cotton Wool manufactured e* the Customs, do lie upon the Table, to be perut d by it* Great Britain:

the Membeis of the 1 louse. An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch,

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Relief of the Sir John Barnard presented to the House, according *° ^r^cr* a IWI for more equal paying, and better collecting, certain small Sums for Relief of shipwrecked Mariners, and diUrefl* d Persons, his Majesty*s Subjects, in the Ports of Cadiz, and Port St. Mary \ in the Kingdom of Spain, and for other pious and charitable Uses, usually contributed to by the Merchants trading to the said Ports: And the iame was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second lime.

Recovery of Ordered, That it bo an Instruction to the Committee,

Small Dcbu to whom the Bill for the more ealy and l‘[>eedy Recovery m London. f)f |ina|i Debts within the City of Londnnt*tid the Liberties I hen-of, is committed, That they do admit Cotiufel to be heard, in favour of the said Bill, against the i'eti-tion of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of Ijondoig in Common Council a trembled, at the same time the Petitioners are heard, by their Coun-fel before the said Committee, according to the Prayer of their Petition.

ShaW An ingrossed Bill to enable John Shales, commonly Name. called John Barrington, and the 11« irs of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Barrington, pursuant to a Setth ment made by Sir Charles Barrington Baronet, dei 0:1 fed, was read the Third time.

Royal Ail. m A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, to bit *. Gentleman Ulh»*r of the Biack Rod:

Mr. Speakt r,

The King c ommands this honourable House to attend Lis Mai* ft v. immediately, in the House of Peers: According y. Mr. Speaker, with the I lotife, went up to a 1 h-nd In’s M a jetty, in tiic House of Peers:

Ai d, bi-im; returned;

Mi Sneaker reported, That the House had attended his Mnjftiy in the House of Peers; and that his Ma-jfttv had been pleafid to give the Royal Allen t to the several (niblick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1 736:

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: An Act to repeal the Statute, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act against Conjuration, Witchcraft, and dealing with evil and wicked Spirits; except so much thereof as repeals an Act, of the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Eliza-hethy against Conjuration, Iuchantments, and Witchcrafts; and to repeal an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Ninth Parliament of Queen Mary, intituled, Anentis Witchcrafts; and for punching such Persons as pretend to exercise or use any Kind of Witchcraft, Sorcery, Inchantment, or Conjuration:

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to Vol. 22,

and Beadles, w ithin the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Saint Dunstan'sCrofsy near;the City of Canterbury, to the Waterside at U hitjiablCy in the County of Kent:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Firli Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from the House called the Sign of the Bells, in the Parish of St. Margaret*s in Rochejlcry to MaidJloney and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Kleventh Year of his late M ijftiy King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing and ame nding the Road from Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, to Bugden, and through Aleon-bn'ri/y to the lop of Alconberry Hill, or Cross-pojiy leading into Sautcry-lane, on the York and Edinburgh Road; and from the said Town of Bugden to the Town of Huntingdon; and from Cro/i-hall, in Eaton Soken, in the said County of Bedford, to Great Stoughton Common, in the said County of Huntingdon:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Beconfeld, in the County of Bucks, to Stoken Church, in the County of Oxon:

An Act to enable Bartholomew Richard Barneby Esquire, ot her wife Lulley, and the Irtue of hisBody, to take upon him and them the Surname of Barneby, pursuant to the Willjof John Barneby Esquire, deceased:

An Act for naturalizing Hemy Lys and Frederick Ludovick Metzner.

Then Mr. Speaker opened the ingrossed Bill to enable Shales* John Shales, commonly called John Barrington, and the Maine.

Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Barrington, pursuant to a Settlement made by Sir Charles Barrington, Baronet, deceased.

RcJ'olved, That the said Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable John Shales, commonly called John B a it ing I on, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Barrington, pursuant to ii Settlement made by Sir Charles Barrington, Baronet, deceased.

Ordertdy That Mr. Conduitt. do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for continuing the Duty of Two Penies Scots, Glasgow or One Sixth of a Peoy Sterling, on each Pint of Ale Impr0VCIDCIIt‘ and Beer that shall be vended or sold within the City of Glasgow, or Villages of Garbells and Port Glasgow, and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City and Villages, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel*

Campbell, Mr. Scrope, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Hay,

Mr. Campbell of Pembrokejh. Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir Charles Wager9 Mr. Dodinglon, Mr. Duncomb,

Mr. Stephenson, Mr. Waller, Mr. Plumptre, Mr.

WoUq/lon, Sir Robert Browne, Sir Harry Gough, Mr.

Brerelon,

6 52 240 — 150 Martii. A. f 7 3 6.

Glasgow

Improvement.

Limiting the Number of Officers in the House.

Regulating

Elections,

Illegal Importation of Tea.

Randolph’s Dent to the Crown.

Sunninc-Jane

Roads.

Brereton, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Dundafs, Mr. Conduitt, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Andreivs, Mr. Far, Mr. Clutter buck, Mr. Robinson, Lord Gallway, Mr. Gybbon, Lord /0/2W Murray, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Wynne, Sir James Grant, Mr. Bacon, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Sandys, Lord G’age^Mr. Polhill, Mr. Vyner, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Lord Polwarth, Mr. Hume Campbell Mr. Harley, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Wilkinson, Lord Sundon, Sir Barnard, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Laroche,

Mr. Tower, Sir Thomas SaunderJ'on, Mr. -Seamen, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Sir Christopher Powell, Mr. Kent, Mr. Phillips, Colonel Selwyn, Mr. Howe, Sir Thomas Frank land, Mr. Sir Abr. Ellon, Mr. Compton 5

and all the Members who serve for Afar//* Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Feuers, and other Inhabitants, of the Gorbells, See. which was presented to the House Yesterday, and ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time, be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed 5 and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, according to the Prayer of their Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better securing the Freedom of Parliaments by limiting the Number of Officers in the House of Commons, be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament in that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr, Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Rufhout took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Rufhout reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the moil effectual Means to put a Stop to the great and growing Evil arising from the unwarrantable and illegal Methods of importing Tea, and other Goods, into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of Edward Randolph, late of London, Merchant, on behalf of himself, and Sureties.

Ordered, That Lord Harry Powlett, Sir John Cope, Sir Abraham Ellon, Mr. Cojler, Sir Geo. Wynne, Mr. Owen, Mr. John Owen, Mr. Wm. Corbett, Mr. Richard Lloyd, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Bridges, Mr. St. John, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Speke, Mr. Watts, Sir Rickard Corbett, Lord Gallzvay, Mr. Earle, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Montague, Mr. Stephen Fox, Mr. Henry Fox, Mr. George Fox, Mr. Chester, Mr. Foley, Mr. Mordaunt. Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Sir Miles Stapylton, Sir Edward Dering, Lord Archibald Hamilton, Mr. Howe, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Winnington, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester and 24

Oxford, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Highways from Sunning-lanr End. next Twyford to the Old Bear Inn, in Reading, in the County of Berks, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 25" die M;

Anno 9* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1736.

Pit AYERS.

THE Lord Sundon reported from the Committee St. Anne's to whom the till for the better regulating the Westminster Nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the Parish of St.

Anne, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster, atc ' c‘ was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto 5 which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bentley’s for veiling the Equity of Redemption of all the Lands Estates. of Inheritance, and Leasehold Estates, late of Charles Bentley Esquire, deceased, lying in the County of Worcester, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts, and making some Provision for Penelope his Widow, and Charles and Penelope, Infants, his Son and Daughter, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Lightermen, navigating Lighters Westminster and Barges, employed in carrying Coals on the River Bridge, of Thames, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That if the Bill, now depending in this House, for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, should pass into a Law, it would greatly obstru6l the Navigation of the said River, and endanger the Lives of the Petitioners, and the Loss of Goods and Merchandizes by them carried, and considerably enhance the Carriage thereof, to the great Injury of the Merchants and Traders near the said River, and the Publick in general: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into- Consideration; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the New Palace-yard, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, be read the Third time: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Mr. Thomas Archer reported from the Committee to st. Pa.ut whom the Bill for the better regulating the Nightly Covent Watch, and Beadles, within the Paritl) of St. Paul, Co-vent Garden, within the Liberties of the City of West- WatcV&c. jninster, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments

9 Geo. II.

25 ° Martii.

Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second lime, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

lea-ding, Mr. Packer reported from the Committee, to whom c. Road*. the Bill for continuing the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways from Crown Corner, in the Town of Reading, leading by and through the several Parishes of Shinfield and Heck field, in the several Counties of Berks, Wilts 9 and Southampton, to Bujir.g-Jloke, in the said County of Southampton, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the? same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Kent An ingossed Bill to enable the Justices of the Peace ounty Gaol. acting for the Western Division of the County of Kent to purchase a convenient Piece of Ground for building a Gaol for the said County; and for impowering the said Justices to apply Part of the County Stock of the said Division towards the fame; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace acting for the Western Division of the County of Kent to purchase a convenient Piece of Ground for building a Gaol for the said County; and for impowering the said Justices to apply Part of the County Stock of the said Division towards the lame.

Ordercdy That Sir Christopher Powell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

ecovery of A Petition of Peter Burton, James Mount, Geo. a lindon*8 G'rew> William Calvert, on the behalf of themselves, and Edward Hajled, Henry llatty Edmund Newton, and Thomas Sheppard, Clerk Sitters of the Sheriffs Courts of the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Office of a Clerk Sitter is a most ancient Office belonging to the Courts of the Sheriffs of London y and that the Petitioners gave upwards of £.8,000 for their Places; and were all of them admitted to their said Offices by the Court of Aldermen of the said City, to hold and enjoy the fame, with all Fees and Profits thereunto belonging, quamdiufe bene gefferint; and that the Petitioners have not any Salary annexed to their said Offices, the foie Profits whereof arise from several ancient and small Fees; and that almost all the Actions brought in the said Courts, and entered by the Petitioners, at their respective Offices in the Two Compters belonging to the said Sheriffs of London, are for Debts between 40s. and Ten Pounds; and that many of the said Actions which are entered for more than Five Pounds, are removed, by Habeas Corpus, into the superior Courts; so that if the Bill, now depending in this House, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the City of London should pass into a Law, the Petitioners Freeholds will be greatly-prejudiced, if not entirely destroyed; the superior Courts taking away, by Habeas Corpus, all the larger Actions, and this new-intended Court all others: And therefore, as the Petitioners, and their Predecessors, have been, for Time immemorial, the proper and only Officers for issuing out the First Process for Recovery of the said Debts above 40 Sh. as also to take and enter Appearances, administer the Oath to the Jurors, and Vol, 33.

to record the Verdicts given in all Causes tried in the said Courts; and since the Petitioners will be the Persons principally injured by this Bill, if it should pass into a Law; praying, That, in case the said Bill ftionld pass into a Law, they may be appointed the Registers or Officers of such new-intended Court, the Bufmefe of such Register being agreeable and answering to that which the Petitioners, of Right, now exercise in the said Sheriffs Courts, by virtue of their said Offices, and , which will otherwise be greatly abridged, if not totally taken from them; and that such Fees be allowed to the Petitioners, for the Business to be done by them in such new-intended Court, as will, in some measure, compensate to them the Loss they will sustain, by being deprived of the ancient Business and Fees annexed to their said Offices; or that the House will give the Petitioners such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, is committed.

A Petition of several Freeholders and Copyholders, Ixworth whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having Right Incl°sure. of Common in the Common and Common Field within the Manor of Ixworth, in the Town of Ixworth, in the County of Suffolk, on behalf of themfelws, and several others, who have a Right of Common in the said Common and Common Field, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, as the Petitioners conceive, if the Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common and Common Field should pass into a Law, it will be very prejudicial to the i ehiioners, and many other Persons concerned in the said Common and Common Field: And therefore praying Leave to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, at such time as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill xor inclosing and dividing the Common and Comm on Field in the Manor of Ixworth, in the Town of Ixworth, in the County of Suffolk, is committed: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard, by their Coim-fel, before the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an lustruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A11 ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Parker’* for vacating the Grants and Settlements of certain Marriage Manors, Lands, and Tenements, made by George Sette, nents* Parker Esquire, upon the Marriage of Francis his Son with Jacquette his now Wife; and for settling other Lands instead thereof; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Alresford for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste- Inclosure. grounds, called Stankham and Soldridge Commons, in the Parish of Old Alresford, in the County of Southampton, was read ihe First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, of the University of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the University, and the several Colleges therein, were founded, and endowed, for the maintaining fit Persons in the Study of useful Knowledge, and the bringing up Youth in Learning, Virtue, and Religion; and that they have hitherto pursued these Ends with great Industry and Success; and that many excellent Books have been written, by the Members thereof, for the Service of Religion, and many useful Discoveries, and great Improvements, made in Arts and Sciences; and that many of the Nobility and Gentry have, by their academical Education, been so well fitted for the Service of the Church and State, as to have proved the Orna-8 D ments

Aliening Lands in Mortmain.

Aliening Lands in Mortmain.

Recovery of Small Debts in London.

Removing

Sinclair’s

Disabilities

by

Attainder.

York

Election.

654 25° — 1&

ments and Supports of both; dnd that the University hath, at all times heretofore, been thought worthy of the Countenance of the Legislature, and continually favoured by Persons of all Orders and Degrees, eminent for Wisdom and public Spirit; and that if the Bill to restrain Alienations of Lands should pass into a Law, without Amendment, it will, as the Petitioners , apprehend, be attended with Consequences greatly prejudicial to them at present, and much more so in time to come; because it will, in a great measure, prevent all Donations to supply present or future De-'ficiencies, or for any other wise and great Purposes, how useful and necessary soever they may be thought; and that a confidei;able Part of their Revenue arises from Annuities, and other certain Payments, issuing out of Lands and other Estates; and that many of these Payments being fixed in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, and Trill continuing invariably the fame, are now, by the great Fall of Money since that time, funk so far below the original Value, as to be insufficient to answer the Purposes for which they were designed; and that several Headflrips are under £.120, some under £.100 per Annum % and that the Salaries of some Professorships are under £.50 per Annum, and others, as those of Botany, Anatomy, and Chymistry, have no Endowment at all; and that the Income of much the greatest Part of their Fellowships is under £.60, of many under £40, of some so low as £.30, £.20, and £.15 per Annum; and that many of their Scholar-ffiips and Exhibitions amount not to above £.6, £.4, and £.3 per Annum; and that some are even under those small Sums; and that many poor Students have neither Scholarship nor Exhibition, to help towards their Maintenance; and that the Number of Advowsons, in most Colleges, is very small, in proportion to the Number of Fellows: And therefore praying the House to except this University, and the several Colleges therein, out of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to restrain the Dispositions of Lands, whereby the same become unalienable, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Houblon, Mr. Price, Mr. Ong-ley, Sir John Hind Cotton, Sir Thomas Clarke, Mr. Lockzvood, Mr. AJldey, Mr. Croft, Mr. Monson, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Win. Pturner, Mr. Richard Pturner, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, is committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable John Sinclair, eldest Son of Henry late Lord Sinclair, deceased, to sue, or maintain any ACrion or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him; be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Glenorchy took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Glenorchy reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of York.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner Sir Rowland

Martii. . 1736.

Winn Baronet, and the other Petitioners, whose Petition complains of an undue Election and Return of Sir Miles Stapylton Baronet, for the said County, examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify several other Persons, who voted for the said Sitting Member at the said Election.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 26° die Martii;

Anno 90 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1736. Prayers.

A BILL to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Fourth and Fifth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for making the River Slower navigable, from the Town of Maningtree, in the County of Essex, to the Town of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bram-ston, Sir Robert Abdy, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Earle, Mr. Archer, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Treby, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Henry Archer, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Hay, Mr. Seamen, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Wollaston, Mr. Crojfe, Sir Geo. Wynne, Sir Christopher Powell, Mr. Walker, Mr. Moore, Mr. Harris, Mr. Polhill, Sir John St. Aubin, Mr. May, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Cai'tivrigfu, Sir George Beaumont, Mr. Thomas Archer, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Worfcley, Mr. Thomas Gore, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Harley, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Compton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Trefufo, Mr. Rawlinson Earle, Dr. Clarke, Lord Noel Somerset, Sir Wm. Clayton, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Maifier, Mr. Conduitt; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the* Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, of the University of Oxford, in behalf of themselves, and the several Colleges and Halls within the said University, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners apprehend, that by the Bill, now depending before this House, to restrain the Dif-positions of Lands, whereby the same become unalienable, they and their Successors may be deprived of the Assistance of future Benefactions, and the charitable Donations of such as may be disposed to promote the pious Intentions for which that ancient University was founded; and that the Petitioners are, by their Constitution, entirely founded in Charity, and must ever continue to depend upon it; and that,1 notwithstanding the large Benefactions with which they have been formerly endowed, yet many of the Societies are so meanly provided for, that the pious Designs of their Founders must remain imperfect, without future Benefactions, which have been found, by long Experience to arise by such low Degrees: That the Petitioners hope. That when their same is duly considered, they will not be thought to be within any of the general Mischiefs that may arise from Alienations in Mortmain; and that, as their present Possessions are inconsiderable, in respect of the great Number of Persons that are maintained out of them, and as the Donations they now enjoy, as well as those they may hereafter receive, must be solely appropriated to the Advancement of Religion and Learning, for these Reasons they hope, that no Difficulties or Discouragements will be put in the Way of those, whose pious and charitable Intentions may dispose them to give their Assistance towards rendering the University in general, as well as the several Societies of it, more instrumental in promoting these great and necessary Ends: And that the Petitioners therefore hope they shall be exempted from

Slower

Navigation

Alieiing Lands in Mortmain.

Aliening Lauds in Mortmain.

Karl of hltau1.

lari of Stamford's Marriage Settlement.

Recover) of Ecclesiastic a! Dues from Quakers.

9 Geo. II. 26° Martii. 655

the Restraints mentioned in the Bill; or that they shall meet with such Relief from this House, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to restrain the Dispositions of Hinds, whereby the same become unalienable, is committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill, be now read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Hr/olxed, That this House will, upon this Day Sevcunight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Earl reported from the Committee, to whom ‘ the ingioiled Bill from the lx>rcb, intituled, An Act for impowering the Trustees named in the Will of Tlh mas, late Karl of Pembroke and Montgomery, to lay out the Rrfidue of his persona! Estate in the Purchase of such Lands and Hereditaments as in this Act are mentioned, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Parties roncerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed hnn to report the Bill to the Iloub\ without any Amendment: And lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the I^ords, intituled, An Act to enable //any Karl of Stamford, and Harm Gran Esqtiire, commonly called Ix>rd Gray, Son and Heir ap| airnt of the* said Karl, to make a SeUh n>«nt upon the Marriage of the said Lrd Gran, notwithstanding his Infancy, was read a Second time.

Radinl, That tin1 Bill he eomnutti d to Mr. ('< n:p-ton. Sir Francis Child, Sir Justmian Isham, Mr. 'y, Mr. Earle, Mr More. Mr. Tnby, I)r. Lee, Mr. L,d.-zvood, Sir Gm. (’atua’l. Mr. Gvhhon, Sir John Rutious, (irneral llade* Mr. Bacon, Mr. Archer, Mr. 7/nanas Gore, Lord -Sidney Beamierk, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Bi an:(ton, I.ord John Sacville, Lord Tyrconncl, Mr. Han/ ary IFiHiatus, Mr. Longueiillc, Mr. Cnfle, Mr. Polhill, Sir Christopher Powell, I^ord Snndon, Sir. Hay, Sir John Barnard, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir Charles Turner, Captain Purvis, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Scaurn, Mr. Plumrr1 Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Lind fan, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Huxley, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Ulri'c, Mr. Foley, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Raivlinjbn Earle, Mr. Conduitt, Air. lurrochc, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Phillips, Lord Morpeth, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Reran, Sir Jere. Sainbrouke, Mr. Wngh/e, Mr. M ay, Mr. Devrreux, Sir Wm. Carezc, Sir Thomas Archer, Mr. Hooper, Sir John Ilind Cotton, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Bathurji, Lord Conibury, Sir Geo. Reauniunt, Mr. Hen. Archer, Lord Sod Somerset, Mr. Row my, Mr. Trefufis, Mr. Chqfin, Dr. Clark, Mr. PclLn, Mr. Ctirzon, Lord Cere Beau clerk, Sir Charles Mordaunt; and all the Mcml>ers who serve for the Counties of Derby, Lincoln, Nottingham, Worcester, Stafford, and Leicester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several of the parochial Clergy of the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Bill, now depending in this House, to enlarge, amend, and render more elleftual, the I.aws now in being, for the more easy Recovery of Tythes, Church Rates, and Oblations, and other Ecclesiastical Dues, from the People called Quakers, will, as the Petitioners conceive, if passed into a Law, be extremely prejudicial to themselves and Brethren, excluding them from the Benefit of the Laws now in being, for the Recovery of Tythes, and other Dues, and thereby putting the Clergy of the established Church upon a worse Foot than the relt of his Majesty’s Subjects: And therefore desiring to be heard, by their Counsel, upon the Subject-matter of the said Bill, before it pass into a Law.

Vo l. £2.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard for the said Rill, at the same time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time, upon this Day Scvennight.

A Petition of sundry of the Clergy of the County Recovery of of Wilts, in behalf of themselves, and their Brethren Ecclesiartichl the Clergy of the said County; and also, Quaked

A Petition of the Chapter of the Church of South-well, and other the Clergy, within the County of Nottingham, and Diocese of York; and also,

A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of Peterborough; and also,

A Petition of the Clergy of Northamplonshire, in behalf of themselves, and their Brethren; and also,

Another Petition of the Clergy of Northampton-fiirc, in behalf of themselves, and their Brethren; and also,

A Petition of several of the parochial Clergy, in behalf of themselves, and their Brethren, in the County N of F.Jfex; and also,

A Petition of several of the parochial Clergy in the County of Hertford, in behalf of themselves, and th»*ir Bn tliren;

Were federally presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the said Bill will, if puffed into a Hiw, be prejudicial to their Rights: And therefore praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie iipnu the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heatd, by their C ounfel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Stirling Pi ivlieges and Elections, touc hing the Election and E,c^10"* Return for the Shire of Stirling, be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Lighthoun and Mr. Spicer.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Nowell'* making effectual Articles of Agreement touching the Estates. Estates late of Roger Nowell the elder, of Read, in the County of Lancaster, Esquire, and Roger Nowell his Son, lying in the same County, and in the County of York; and vetting the said Estates in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned: to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Lindsay reported from the Committee, to whom Irvine the Petition of the Provost, Bailies, and Council, of Harbour, See. the Burgh of Irvine, in the Shire of Air, in behalf of the Community of the said Borough, and of the Burgesses and Inhabitants thereof; and also the Petition of the Owners, Ship-masters, and Mariners, in and about the Borough of Irvine, in the County of Air, for themselves, and in behalf of many Sailors employed by them; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, proceeded to examine the Matter of the Petitions:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof,

Mr. James Marshall was examined: Who said, That he had known the Borough of Irvine several Years; and that the Harbour thereof, fitnated at the Mouth of the River, is very commodious for Trade, and has been

much

Debtors

Petition.

Expiring

Law#.

Aftley’s, Scl. Estate.

656 26® Martii. 1736.

much employed in the Exportation of Coal; but that, by reason of the Decay of the Pier, the Commerce of the said Burgh is much decreased of late Years, and is in Danger of being entirely loft: That, for want of confining the Water of the River into its proper Channel, the Mouth of the Harbour is frequently filled up with Sand Banks, occasioned by the Spates of the River, while the Ships lie at Anchor, in order to get to Sea; which Banks render the Harbour of little Use; Ships, and other Vessels, having been oblige_d to lie in the River for several Months, before they were able to get to Sea:

That the said Burgh bath been at very considerable Changes in cleansing the said River and Harbour, and repairing the Pier; but that the Revenue thereof is not sufficient effectually to carry on so expensive an Undertaking: That the Town-house, Church, and Steeple, want Repair; and One of the Arches of the Bridge over the River will be entirely loft, unless speedily repaired: That the common Gaol is so much out of Repair, that several Prisoners for Debt have made their Escapes, and the Town hath been thereby subjected to the Payment of their Debts; and that the Roads and Streets belonging to the said Town are become very ruinous, and want Repair:

That the Charge of paling the River, in order to confine the Water in its proper Chanel, and of cleansing the Harbour, and repairing the Pier, will amount to upwards of £.4,000, for which, and the other public Works, Money cannot be raised, unless some Provision be made by Parliament for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer brewed or brought into, and fold, within the Town of Irvine, and Liberties thereof; and for laying a Duty of One Peny Sterling upon every Ton, or Ten Horse Loads, of Coals carried to the Harbour of the said Town, and shipped there for Transportation: And that Mr. Lindsay, Brigadier Campbell, Mr. Solicitor General of Scotland, Colonel James Stuart senior, and the Lord Advocate of Scotland, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt, confined in Bodmin Prison, in the County of Cornwall, in behalf of themselves, and Thousands of others in Prison, in the several Parts of this Kingdom, for Debt, was pre-fen ted to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingossed Bill for reviving and continuing the ' Acts therein mentioned, and for explaining and amending a Clause in an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for making the Laws for repairing the Highways more effectual, relating to the appointing Scavengers in Cities and Market Towns, and the ordering the Aireffments for the repairing and cleansing the Streets, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for reviving and continuing the Acts therein mentioned, and for explaining and amending a Clause in an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for making the Laws for repairing the Highways more effectual, relating to the appointing Scavengers in Cities and Market Towns, and the ordering the Assessments for repairing and cleansing the Streets therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Hooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Exchanging of Lands between Sir John Aflley Baronet, and the President and Fellows of Queen1 s College, in Cambridge, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Moore, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Hay, Mr. Townshend,

Mr. Bromley, Sir Thomas Sanderson, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Bladen, Sir Wm. Heathcote, Mr. Gore, Mr. Clutterbuck,

Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Crosse, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Dr.

Lee, Mr. Lockwood, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Gybbon, Sir John Rushout, General Wade, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Archer,

Mr. Thomas Gore, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Yorke,

Sir James Campbell, Mr. Bramston, Lord John Sacville,

Lord Tyrconnel, M r. IIanbury Williams, M r. Lwtgueville,

Mr. Polhili,%Sir Christopher Powell, Lord Sundon, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Treby, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir Francis Bbynton, Sir Charles Turner, Captain Purvis, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Plumer, Sir Wilfrid Lawson,

Mr. Compton, Mr. Lindsay. Mr. Campbell, Mr. Huxley,

Sir Robert Rich, Mr. White, Mr. Foley, Mr. Corbett,

Mr. Rawlinson Earle, Mr. Conduilt, Mr. Phillips, Lord Morpeth; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wills, Cambridge, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Gilbert Esquire, and the Heirs Male m' of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Cooper, pursuant to the Will of John Cooper, of Thurgarton, Esquire, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making effectual Articles of Agreement touching ihdlt the Estates late of Roger Nowell the elder^ of Read, in the County of Lancaster, Esquire, and Roger Nowell, his Son, lying in the same County, and in the County of York, and veiling the said Estates in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, that the Accomptant General of the Excise attended at the Door;

He was called in; and at the Bar, presented to the Foreign House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Quantities, and Net Produce, of the Duties upon foreign Brandy and Spirits, from Midsummer 1720 to Midsummer 1735; distinguisiiing each Year, and the Produce thereof which belongs to the Hereditary and Temporary Excise: And also.

An Account of the Net Produce of the Duties upon Strong strong Waters, low Wines, and Spirits, from Mid- ^atcli'4c-summer 1720 to Midsummer 1735; distinguishing each Year, and the Produce thereof which belongs to the Hereditary and Temporary Excise.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Clandestin* a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for ldiria8;i‘ the more effectual preventing clandestiae Marriages.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Gage took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Gage reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

The Order of the Day, for the House* to resolve Sl,pp|v itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the Establishment of the Royal African Company of England, for their several Forts and Settlements on the Coall of Africa, with the Charges thereof,

for

Importation of Fish, &c.

Ways and Means.

Randolph's Debt to the Crowg.

Highgate

Hoads.

9 Geo. II.

26° — 290 Mctrtii.

657

for the Year 1735, distinguishing how much of the same is on account of Trade, and how much for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Forts and Settlements; and also an. Account, how the Money granted the last Session of Parliament, towards the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, hath been disposed of; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charges of the Royal jijYican Company of England\ for the Maintenance of the several British Forts and Settlements, belonging to the said Company, on the Coalt of Africa, for the Year 173d, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Surplusses stated at Lady-day 1735, be referred to the said Committee.

' Ordered\ That the Surplusses stated at Michaelmas

1735, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1735 hath been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until-the 3d Day of February 1735, and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament, to the Trustees for establishing the Colony in Georgia, in America, has been applied by them towards settling and securing the said Colony, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships, for the Year 1736, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the preventing fresh Fish taken by Foreigners being imported into this Kingdom; and for the Preservation of the Fry of Fish; and for giving Leave to import Lobiters and Turbots in foreign Bottoms; and for the better Preservation of Salmon within several Rivers, in that Part of this Kingdom called England,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of Edward Randolph, late of London, Merchant, on behalf of himself, and his Sureties.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nbe of the Clock.

Luna, 2 90 die Martii;

Anno 90 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1736. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Tenth Year of the Vo l. 22.

Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other of the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from Highgate Gatehouse, in the County of Middlesex, to Barnet Block-house, in the County of Hertford}; and also the Road leading from the Bear Inn in Hadley, to the Sign of the Angel in Enfield Chace, in the said County of Middlesex\ was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other of the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from Highgate Gatehouse, in the County of Middlesex, to Barnet Blockhouse, in the County of Hertford; and the Road from the Bear Inn in Hadley, to the Angel in Enfield Chace; and for amending Cane-wood Lane, leading from Highgate to Hamp-field, in the said County of Middlesex,

Ordered, That Sir Francis Child do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several of the Clergy of the County of ^ecoveryof Kent,. Diocese of Canterbury, in behalf of themselves, and their Brethren of the Clergy of the Church of Eng- Quakers. land, as by Law established; and also,

A Petition of several of the Clergy of the County of Kent, and Diocese of Rochester, in behalf of themselves, and other Incumbents in the said County and Diocese; and also,

A Petition of sundry of the Clergy of the County of Wilts, in behalf of themselves, and their Brethren the Clergy of the said Diocele; and also,

A Petition of the Clergy of the Diocese of Bristol, in and about the said City; and also,

A Petition of the Archdeacon, and several of the Clergy of the County of Gloucester, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Clergy of the said County; and also,

A Petition of the Clergy of Rutlandshire, in behalf of themselves, and their Brethren; and also,

Another Petition of the Clergy of the County of Rutland, in behalf of themselves, and of their Brethren; and also,

A Petition of several of the Parochial Clergy of the County of Northumberland, in behalf of themselves, and their Brethren; and also,

A Petition of several of the Clergy in the County of Durham, in behalf of themselves, and their Brethren;

Were severally prefer!ted to the House, and read; alledging, That the Bill, now depending in this House, to inlarge, amend, and render more effectual, the Law's nowr in being, for the more ealy Recovery of Tythes, Church Rates, and Oblations, and other Ecclesiastical Dues, from the People called Quakers, 1 will, if passed into a Law, be prejudicial to their Rights: And therefore praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill,

An ingrossed Bill for the better regulating the Nightly St. Anne’s Watch and Beadles w ithin the Parish of St, Anne, within Westminster the Liberties of the City of Westminster, w'as read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7. L. 17. After " made," to bfert " or the " lame."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill w as amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Titlo be, An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the Parish of St, Anne, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster.

8 E Ordered,

Aliening Lands in Mortmain.

St. Paul Covent Garden Nightly Watch, See.

Earl of Pembroke's Estate.

Bentley’s

Elates*

Parry’s Nat.

Herbert’s

Name.

658 290 Martii.

Ordered, That the Lord Sundon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the incorporated Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in foreign Parts was presented to the house, and read; letting forth, That a Bill is now depending in this IJoufe to restrain the Dispositions of Lands, whereby the same become unalienable; and that, as the Petitioners apprehend, the Powers conveyed to them by their Charter of Incorporation, granted by King William the Third, in the 13th Year of his Reign, may be taken away, or rendered doubtful, unless secured by a Clause, or Clauses, to be added to the said Bill, for the Preservation of those Powers: And therefore praying, That such Provisions may be made, in that behalf, as to the House shall seem proper and effectual.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrafted Bill for the better regulating the Nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the Parish of St. Paul Covent Garden, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the Parish of St. Paul Covent Garden, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Archer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering the Trustees named in the Will of Thomas late Earl of Pembroke and Montgomery, to lay out the Residue of his personal Estate in the Purchase of such Lands and Hereditaments as in this Act are mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Earle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Equity of Redemption of all the Lands of Inheritance, and Leasehold Estates, late of Charles Bentley Esquire, deceased, lying in the County of Worcester, in Trustees to be sold, for Payment of his Debts, and making some Provision for Penelope his Widow, and Charles and Penelope, Infants, his Son and Daughter, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Hay, Mr Gybbon, Mr Bacon, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir I Cm. Stapleton, Mr. Yorkc, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Archer, Sir Thomas Lyttelton, Sir Francis Boynton, Lord Vere Beauclerk, Mr Waller, Mr Sheppard, Mr. Pollen, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Sir James Grant, Sir James Campbell, Sir Thomas Saunderson, Mr. Earle, Mr. Trefafis, Sir Francis Child, Dr. Lee, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Bowles, Mr Lyttelton, Mr. Cocks; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties oi'Wcircester, Gloucester, Hereford, Salop, and Wancick: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing David Purry, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossfed.

The Lord Sidney Beauclerk reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Charles Herbert Esquire, now called Charles Sheffield, and his I fl ue, to take and use the Surname of Sheffield, pursuant to the Will of John late Duke of Buckinghamshire and Normanby, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment;

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossfed.

Mr. Braxton presented to the House, according to Sallom’s Order, a Bill for vesting in John Sallom Gentleman, and his Heirs, a Reversion in Fee of Lands and Hereditaments, therein mentioned, in the County of Lancaster, forfeited by Gabriel Hefketh, attainted of IiighTreason:

And the same was received.

Mr. Harvey presented to the House, according to Or- Bury St. der, a Bill for the better repairing and paving the Streets Edmund’s and Highways, and for enlightening the Streets, Lanes, Streets»&c and Paflfages, and keeping a strong and regular Watch, within the Burgh of Bury St. Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk: And the same was received.

The Master of the Rolls presented to the House, ac- Supply Bill; cording to Order, a Bill for laying a Duty upon the Re- Spirit tailers of Spirituous Liquors, and for licensing the Retail- Licence* ers thereof: And the same was received.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majdtvs Command, acquainted the House, That, as the Alterations proposed to be made by this Bill, in the Duties charged upon all Spirituous Liquors, may, in a great degree, affect some Parts of his Majestys Civil List Revenues arising from the same, his Majesty, for the fake of remedying so great an Evil as is intended by this Bill to be prevented, consents to accept any other Revenue, of equal Value, to be settled and appropriated, in lieu of his Interest in the said Duties.

Then the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Motion being made, and the Queliion being put,

That the said Bill be printed.

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time, upon JCednesday Morning next.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from Supply, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-two thousand Nine hundred Forty-four Pounds and Fourteen Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of the General Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding IVenty-four thousand Five hundred Seventy Pounds Two Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to make good to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same for Interest on the Million lent on Credit of the Salt Duties, for the Supplies of the Year 1734, pursuant to a Clause in an Act of Parliament, passed in the Seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements belonging to the Royal African Company of England, on the Coast of Africa.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, bo granted to his Majesty, towards settling and leaning the Colony of Georgia, in America.

2 " Refolded,

Recovery of Ecdrfmitical Does from Quakers.

Hyeth Writ.

Illegal Jm-porlaiion of Tea.

Westminster

Bridge.

9 Geo. II. 290 — 30 0 659

Itcfolred, That it is tU Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand lour hundred Eighty-ti\e Pounds l-’uur Shilling and Five Pence, he uranicd to his Majesty. to umkr Satisfaction to Humphrey lit/I, the survivii.g Aflame of the Estate ami Ef-Itfts of H i Ilium Filins und Fiinuunl Farrington, against whom a Commission of Bankruptcy iiuitd, Suitor of the Court of Chancery, in 1726, for lb much of his Debt und Demand, from one of the Matters of the said Court, a3 yet remains uufathlied.

ilefolved, 'Fhat it is the Opinion of tins Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty thousand One hundred and Sixty-seven Pounds, he granted to his Majesty, towards the Buildings, Rebuilding*, and Repairs, of his Mujcln s Ships for the Year 1730.

The laid Uelblutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Qjcftion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Petition of the Dean and Chapter, and Dignitaries, of the C hurch of 1W/, and other t e Clergy’ within the County ami Dion e York; and allb,

A Petition ot frwral of the Parochial Clergy of tire County of Sower lit, and Diocese of Hath und I Ft Us, in beluilt ot thniiielvt^, and the rest of their Brethren; and also,

A Petition of the Clergy of the Dirccfe of O.ron, whole Names are thereunto fuhicrihcd, in U'tails ot thendclves, and the rest of the CUig\ of uic laid Diotvfe; and also, 1

A Petition of fumlrv uf the Clergy of the County of Herbs, in bchuif of tliemielves, and their Brethren the Clergy of the said County;

Mere severally on lulled to the House. and read; al-ledging, 'lliat t! c Bill, now dcpuiding in this House, to iularge, aim ml, and rimier u ore t tnctuul, the Laws now in Ining lbr tl.e mere inly Rerow rv of T\ tl'€>s, ( iuireh l\at( > ami Ohiations, and other Eecl< Ituftirul Dues, from the People called Quakers, will, if passed into a I -aw, be extremely prejudicial to their Bights: And therefore praying to be heard, by their Counkl. a gain ft the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were Icwrally ordered to lie upon the 'Fulile, until the said Bill be read a Second time; 'ami that the Petitioners, if they think lit, be then heard, by their CounlLl, against the said Fill.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifiuc his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ lor electing a Baron to fer\c in this pie lent Parliament lor the Town and Port of liy.th. in the County of A cut, in the room of Hercules Fakir Elijah e; w ho, since his Election for the said Town and Port, hath accepted the Office of Treasurer of the Royal lloipital at Greenwich.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itl’elf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the moll clibftual Means to put a Stop to the great and growing Evil arising from the unwarrantable and illegal Methods of importing Tea, and other Goods, into this Kingdom, he now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And the Counsel for the several Petitioners, the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council aflerabled; and the Rulers and Assistants of the Company of Watermen and Ligutermen, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Company, and the Lightermen navigating Lighters and Barnes employed in carrying Coals on the River Thames, in behalf of themselves, and many others; were heard:

And a Charter of King Henry the Sixth, bearing Date the 26th Day of October, in the 23d Year of his Reign, was produced, and read, in order to prove, that the Soil of the River of Thames, within the Liberty of the City of London, was thereby granted to the said City:

And an Inspeximus and Confirmation of the said Charter, by Letters Patent of King Henry the Seventh, dated the 23d Day of July, in the 20th Year of his Reign, was also produced, and read:

And several Witnesses were examined, in order to prove that the Erection of a Bridgs cross the River Thames will prejudice the Navigation thereof.

Then a Charter of King Henry the Third, dated the 2( tli Day of February, in the 31st Year of his Reign, was produced, and read; containing an Agreement made between Richard Earl of Cornwall, oa the one Part, and John De Gyfore, then Mayor of the said City, and the Commonalty thereof, on the other Part, concerning certain Exactions and Demands belonging to Queen Hythe, and the Grant thereupon made by the said Earl to the said Mayor, and his Successors, and the whole Commonalty of the said City, of Queen Hythe aforesaid, with all Liberties, Customs, and other Things, to the same belonging, in Fee-farm, under the annual Rent of Fifty Pounds.

And several Witnesses were examined as to the Interest of the said City in Queen Hythe aforesaid, and the future Diminution of die Value thereof, if such Bridge be erected:

And a Witness was examined, as to die Value of the Tolls payable for Pafiiige over Louden Bridge; and the future Diminution thereof, if such Bridge be erected:

And the 1 ;>di Section of an Act, made in die 12th and 13th Year of the Reign of King William the Illd, intituled, An Act for die Explanadon, and better Execution, of former Acts made touciiing Watermen and Wherrymen rowing on the River Thames, and for die better ordering and governing the said Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, upon the said River, between Gravefaul and Windsor, being read;

Several Witnesses w ere examined, and Evidence was produced, in Support of the Allegations contained in the Petition of the Rulers and A Aidants of the Company of W atermen and Lightermen, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Company, which relate to the Ferries worked on Sundays between Vauxhall and the Temple.

And the Counsel for the said Petitioners summed up their Evidence.

And the Counsel for the other Petitioners, the Inhabitants of the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, was heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee tions be adjourned. of Privileges.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the New Palace-yard, in the City of Westminster, to the oppofiie Shore, in the County of Surrey;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read.

And the several Petitions which were presented to the House against the said Bill, and ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Third Reading thereof, were also read:

Vol. 22.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martif, 30° die Martii;

Anno 9* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1736.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Smith’s to enable George Allgood Esquire, lately called George Name. Smith, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use

the

Alresford

inclosure.

Ko well’s fcltdUS.

Recovery of Ecclesiastical Dues from Quakers,

660

the S ufti a me of AUgccd only, pursuant to the Will of George Allgood Gentleman, deceased, was read the First time.

Jit join’d, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dividing and molding certain Commons and Waste grounds called Stankham, and So Id ridge Commons, in the Parish of Old Aire ford, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Harry PowletI, A (after of the Rolls, Sir Thomas Lyttleton, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Pol-hill, Colonel Duckett, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Goddard, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Delme, Mr. Pent on, Mr, Gybbon, Lord Morpeth, Sir Henry Hoghton, Mr. Archer, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Thomas Archer, Sir John Cope, Mr. Crosse, Lord Charles Cavendish, Mr. JEilkinfbn, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Lindsay, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Vere, Mr. Gore, Mr. Longueville, Sir James Grant, Mr. Cojler, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Grey, Mr. Henry Archer, Mr. Owen, Mr. Holland, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Pollen, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Thompson, Sir Edmund Bacon,' Sir Wm. Wentworth, Mr. Moore, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Hume Campbell, Lord Polwarth, Mr. Noel, Sir John Rushout; and all the Members who lerve for the County of Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making effectual Articles of Agreement touching the Estates late of Roger Nowell the elder, of Read, in the County of Lancaster, Esquire, and Roger Nowell his Son, lying in the same County, and in the County of York, and vesting the said Estates in Trustees, to be 1'old, for the Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Bacon, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Erejkine, Mr. Bramston, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Robert Monroe, Mr. Archer, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Earle, Mr. Dundajs, Mr. Digby, Sir Nathaniel Curzon, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Longueville, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Parjbns, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Cojler, Sir Robert Grofvc-nor, Mr. Moore, Mr. Wollaston, Mr. Wilkinson, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, General Sutton, Sir Miles Stapylton, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Curzon, SirGVe. Cajivall, Mr Plump-tre, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Danvers, Sir Wm. Irby, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Hay, Mr. Brodie; and all the Alembers who lerve for the Counties of Lancaster and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

A Petition of several of the Parochial Clergy of the County of Surrey; and also,

A Petition of several of the Parochial Clergy of the County of Warwick, in behalf of themselves, and their Brethren; and also, jd»

A Petition of the Clergy of the County of Norfolk; and also,

A Petition of several of the Parochial Clergy in the County of Stafford, in behalf of themselves, and their Brethren; and also,

A Petition of several of the Parochial Clergy of the County of Dorset, whose Names are thereunder written, in behalf of themselves, and their Brethren; and also,

A Petition of the Clergy in and near Chichester, in the County of Sussex, whole Hands are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and their Brethren the Clergy in the said County;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; alledging, That the Bill, now depending in this House, to inlarge, amend, and render more effectual, the Laws now in being, for the more ealy Recovery of

A. 1736.

Tythes, Church Rates, and Oblations, and other Ecclesiastical Dues, from the People called Quakers, will, if passed into a Law, be prejudicial to the Rights of the Petitioners: And therefore praying to be heard, by tlwrir Counsel, against the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard, by their Cquufel, against the said Bill.

Air. Grey reported from the Committee, to whom the Sunning.iat* Bill for repairing the Highways from Sumdng-lane End, Roa(is-next Twyford, to the Old Bear Inn, in Reading, in the County of Berks, w as committed; and to whom the Petition of the High Sheriff 1 of the County of Berks, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees appointed by virtue of the Acts of Parliament, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Geoi'ge, and the First Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from Maidenhead Bridge to Sun-ning-lane End, next to Twyford, in the Road to Reading, and from the said Bridge to Hailey Bridge, in the County of Berks, was referred; That the Committee had conli-dered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to feme of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Air. Alderman Perry reported from the Committee, improving to whom the Bill for the better lighting the Streets of the the Strceuof City of London, was committed; That the Committee had LondoD* examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found) the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House,; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning;

A Petition of the Cloth-makers in the W00II911 Alanu- olive Oil factory of Wejibury, Westbury Leigh, and Places adja- used by cent, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the Iloule, Clothiers, and read; complaining of the Duty upon Olive Oil: And therefore praying for such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Parker’s for vacating the Grants and Settlements of certain Ma- Marriage nors, Lands, and Tenements, made by George Parker SeUlenicl,s’ Esquire, upon the Marriage of Francis his Son with Jac-queste his now Wife, and for settling other Lands instead thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Coppleston, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Treby, Mr. Edgcumb, Sir Wm.

Carew, Sir John St. Aubin, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Banbury Williams, Mr. Conduitt, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Bevan, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Stezvart, Sir John Cope, Captain Gough, Mr. Longueville, Lord Gage, Mr. Yorke, Air.

Bacon, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Erejkine, Lord Morpeth, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Robert Monro, Mr. Archer, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Earle, Mr. Digby, S\rNathanael Curzon,

Sir James Campbell, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Whitworth, Captain Evans, Mr. Hay, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Rozmey, Sir John Slid' ley, Sir John Hind Cotton, Sir Abraham Elton; and all the Alembers who lerve lor the Counties of Devon, So-

merfej

30° Martii.

Shor*'*

Eft ate.

Herbert*

Afliie of

flrenJ in Umdoo

Sullom's

liltate*

Bury

St.Kflipund’j

Streets, Arc.

Shore’*

Estate.

9 Geo. II. 30 0Marti*.

nterfet, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Mortage from the Lords, by Mir. Lighthoun arid Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The fjords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of an undiviiled Fourth Part of the Manor of Plumpton, and certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Suffer, the Estate of Elizabeth Short, and hef Daugitters; and for vetting the Money anting thereby in Trustocs, for the same I Tea to which the said Estate now (lands ft*tried: To which the Lords desire the Conclirrence of this House.

And tlsen the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Charles Herbert Esquire, how called Charles Sheffield, and ins I flue, to take arid ul‘c the Surname of Sheffield, pursuant to the Will of John late Duke of Buckingha$*JJurc and b’vrmanby, decrafed, w as read the Third time.

Jie/blvcdy That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to enable Charles Herbert Esquire, now called Charles Sheffield, and his Ifl'tie, to take and life ri»d Surname of Sheffield, pursuant to the Will of John late Duke of Bucktnghamshire and Sonnanby, deceased.

Ordered, That the Lord Sidney Beauclerk do earn* rite Bill to the Lords, and dt sue their Coucuneuce.

A Bill for the better regulating and ascertaining the Price and Assize of Bread in the City of London, and Parts adjacent, within the Bills of Mortality, was read a Second time.

Rcfrdved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rrmnston, Mr. ConduUt, Mr. I Em. Planter, Mr. Hooper, Mr. tumdys, Mr. Parlous, Mr. Dig by, Sir Charles Mtrdaunt, Jjoni Gage, I^oi d Boyne, Sir Christopher P<K<rlt, Mr. JLoduvod, Mr- Pitt, Sir. Mountain', 'SlvJCatki/i:Urns. Wynne, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Aldennan Parlous, Sir Henry Gough, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hales, I or 11 Ty remind, Mr. Xotl, Sir Jnf Pennington, Mr. I ere, Mr. Lmguexille, Colonel Bladen, Sir Hen. Ihgheon, Captain Martin, Mr. Coppleston, Mr. YorLc, Mr. Gyblmn, Mr. // inning ton, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Alderman H i itiniot t, Ixird Morpeth, Mr. Bacon, Sir A at Junta ct Curzon, Mr. Erefkine, Mr. Thomas Archer, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Earle, I.orrl Pntuarth, Mr. Finch, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Clutti rbucL\ Mr. Hacks. Mr. Moore, Mr. Toutr, Mr. Ijiimhc, Sir John Rujhvut, Sir// alter Bag nr. Lord Svndvn, Mr. Btrreton: and all the Members who It rvc for the Counties of Middle fee, Fjfe.r, Sunn/, and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon* at l ive of the Cluck, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Bill for vesting in John SuUorn Gentleman* and his Heirs, the Kcveriion in Fee of I^nds and Hereditaments theirin mentioned, in the County of Lancaster, forfeited by Gabriel Hcjketh, attainted of High TYealbn, was read the First time.

Rejoiced) That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the better repairing and paving the ‘Streets and Highways, and for enlightening the Streets Lanes, and Pafiltges, and keeping a strong and regular Watch*, within the Burgh of Bury St. Ednnmd\ in the County of Suffolk, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of an undivided Fourth Part of the Manor of Plumpton, and certain I-ands arid Hered it aments, in the County of Suffer, the Estate of Elizabeth Shore, and her Daughters; and for veiling the Money arising thereby in Trustees, for the same Lies to which the said Estate now! stands settled; was read the First time.

Re foiled, T'iiat the Bill be read u Second time.

VOL. iW.

Mr- Monfim reported from the Committed, to whom witbatm the Petition of the Mayor, Sherifft, Citizens, arid Com- Navigation? ' monalty, of the City of Lincoln, and of the Maybrand Bnrgclfes of the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, and of federal Lords arid Proprietors of many Thoiiftnds of Acres of low and fumntrided Grounds on the South-weft Side of the River Witham, in the said County, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, or behalf of themselvei, and other Lords and Proprietors of the said low and surrounded Ground, was refer fed,

That the Committee hud examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had dirofted trim to report the farrie, as it a|>peared to them, to the House; arid he read the Report-io his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at die Clerk's;

Table: Where tlifc same was read; and is as follows;

ris.

Tiie Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof, the following witnesses were Examined; viz,

William Gitby Esquire: Who said, That he had known the said River 35 Years; and constantly observed, That the low Grounds are generally overflowed, except in a dry Summer; and that there has been a confstant Complaint of the Navigation being obstructed, and the River in Danger of being loft, by being filled up towards Boston:

That he went, about Two Yefers ago* with the Mayor, and Ionic of the Aldermen, of Lincoln, and an Engineer; and took a View of the River from Lincoln to near Bardncy, where it was, in most Places, between 60 and loo Feet broad, and Four Feet and Half deep.

That be afterwards went to a Place near Chaple-hill; and, upon a View, the Dcfeft of the River plainly appeared, being, for several Miles towards Boston, not more than -20 Feet wide; and, it running very winding, feet ned a I tnget tier incapable of uttering fe great a Quantify of’ \yliter us came from above; which, as adjudged by others present, was the Occasion of the River's being’ filtrd up, and the low Grounds overflowed.

Samuel Abbot, being examined, lakh That he has known the River, from Boston to Dogdike, upwards of 20 Years: That, upon Complaint being made of the bad Condition thereof, lie, with several Persons, went to view it; and found, that the Bunks were down, and the low (trounds iriuch overflowed: That the late of Fr/nn harms hos made frequent ApphVutfoiis to the Cdm-inillioners of Sewers, for draining his Lands; and, if some Remedy is not taken, the Navigation is in Danger of Ix'ing intirely loft; but he laid, that the River has been im the same Condition as it now is ever since he remembered it; and that die Water not being confined is the Occasion of the low Grounds being overflowed.

Air. Scrihoxc, Engineer, being examined, said, That,1 upon u View of the River, he found it run in a very crooked moaner from a Place called Anthony Goat to Tatttnjhaibain, and that Ionic Part thereof was not more than IS or 20 lect in Breadth; though, abore that’

Part of the River, there were several Rivers, each of them much broader than the River itfetf which brought clown the Waters; and that this narrow Pail of the Haven.being not capable of receiving those Waters, they overflowed many Thou land Acres of Land on the West Sidr, where the Water lodged* till the Sun arid Air exhaled, it up; wlrich was the Reafotv of the Rivers growing so narrow' and (hallow:

TTiat he few foute Watermen attempting to go from Boston to* Lincoln, and they could not get up thitlier, but were obliged to unload their Goods, and put them in left Boats; and they told him, that they Hiould be ntidtt a Neceftity of unlading them several times, before they flioulu' be able to get up.

And, being further examined, be find, That the making a new Cut of 70 Feet wide at Top, and 50 at the Bottom, and Six Feet deep, from Anthony Goat to Tastsrjhalbain, will be a means of making the said River riaa^gabie, and draining the Water from the low Grrimtds

8 F which

&(k& 3 <$'M<kiiu£ 17 3

fyiphamr ^tes on the West Side of the River; which Gut is

Natation.. prpposed to be S^veri Miles, and Three Furlongs in length j the E*pence thereof, .'if done in a dry Summer, wj^U amount to aboutv«£< 6,363; and, when done, the low Lpqds, which confill of . 27,71s Acres, or thereabouts, will > be effectually drained) and the Navigation much improved,: . , ‘

That he founds by the Conversation he had had with-t^f/People of Wildmorc Fen; that the feme; is fhbjeft; to be. drowned every ;YVinter-ieafoo; and that he. apprehends the making fucfrCut will be an Advantage to the Lands ig d^t Fen* the’-Proprietors. thereof: being now’ at very1 Charge in keeping up their Ranks, and the Drains, for^heir Fens being often lilted up by the Tides* they! havec no Run for . their Water for feme Months together; but that, if the high Land Floods were confined to One Chanel, they^voaki, lcour and cleanle; out the Haven, iand have a greater Fall* for their Watery by feme Feetjlthan they havq ajtipresent: ‘ r That the Proprietors of Land between Anthonr) Goat apflrBoston wi jl - igye. !np Benefit; from this new Gut, they haying ‘Drains of’ their own, on either' Side of the River, tq:difrliarge^lieiv^W^ter(

:rlTbat the old , River! would be..dryin some Years, and j . not continue tu be a. Fence betvvseu M ildmwe Fefr and

Holland Fen,; but-t|mt, if a Tuohel was laid ;from the new Cut to the old River, it might he of Service, and no Prejudice, to the Navigation,! but:might help to keep the old . Fence and, River convenient for watering their Cattlej-and that, if a- Fence, was: made to separate the* Two (Fpn^,. it mult Jbe ’ 14. or-3 Mites irr Length: That file River at present4does not -ffcvMe-' tora Fenfce.inr dry Seafo.ns ( but that the'Cattle pass-froin one Couhnon to anptliqr: jV; i: . *# ,.* / -; j

'.That, if the-Ferry over the River at Langrybc‘xnd Armine w^s/transferred from the old Cut to the new one- it would be of equal ♦Service; for that there niufc be a' Dani for a Passagewhpre Hangtrte Ferry now: is,- or tfi.erq^bouts:-j , ' -.t;: ' "i .: -

c That the Cqt proposed to be made through /Vildmore^ Fen will be no Ifrqjiujicetp HollandFcn: but that a Gut through Holland Feu-uill bfc a {Prejudice to Wildmore Fei}, and^vill attended with greater E&pence, though not*Convei)te*icy. <. - y. \ . *i. .

.. And he . further feid, That thexe will be sufficient Fall of(\Vater info, the; Sea from this new Cut; and that, fro^'^LiyfQ/ji :t,o Boston, there is a Fall of about 13 or X4 Foot; and he believes, that the new Gut may be made* a^d. tty? Qrajuftge, thereby effected, for the Sinn ot Seven tftpuEnd Poqijfe §F:W<Jter.. .: v: u:'

E%ipe informed the Committee, That ljejius n coniideFahlf3 Fiftate at Wildmort Fen; and is of; Opinion, that the Nay igation of the River; and Drainage of the I^ands, byj the said Cut, w ill be:of great Service to thp people, ,who have a Right of! Common in that Fen.

'TMivfcV//T Brackcubary, being examined, feid, That femeof the Proprietors of Wildmore Fen differedin Opinion as to the;proposed Navigation< being of any Advantage to the Lap# there; but he laid; thht, if the can be iiRied, out of the Haven as fast as it comes* ix\f ltjwdl be an, Advantages, .: : r

Mr. Beter BrQ&ford, laid. That he w as. concerned in gettrng the Jevqral Parties to sign the Articles ot' Agreement ifer the fei(j Navigation, and went to several of the Towns adjacent to the^ River for that Purpose; jand that, at the said several Towns, he inquired after, the Persons cpncjernetLiu the Property of the low Grounds; and some vyepe nqt at, home;, but, they which were, ligned the feme, e*?eRt‘ Mr. Curtis, IVIiniftCr of Brampstou, who refused to ^ep,. bat piomifed to figil it some other time;

afcdjip w-a$j at Mr* Supplis House; but, he being lick in Bed, cohld not fee him.

A»d being asked,' Whether, in big Rout, he informed thellarties, that; they hereto be at the Charge in making the Cuts in the Navigation and’Drainage of the River ? h£ jnade* for Answer, That he did not; but lbewed the lu^, Articles to several of them; and most of them> read W-vV *5

the feme before they executed; but those who refused to figu,; he did not shew it to them, neither did they alk for the Siglit thereof.

Mr. John Pitchford laid befdfe the Committee a Map of the Lands adjacent to the River; whereby it appeared, that there were Fifteen Lordships on the South-west Side, adjoining to the said lliver: And, being examined, feid,

That he measured the said Lordships therein contained; as, well- as polbbLy lie could; and that the Number of Acres in each Lordship are as cxa6l as lie could then take them, by rea son some Parts thereof were under Water, and he could not come at them; but is certain, that the Number of Acres in the whole Level is as dieferibed in the said Map; and that lie measured all the Lands which lie between the Car-bank and the River.

To prove the Content of several of the Lords of the Lofdships in the Petition mentioned, the Petitioners laid before tine Committee the Articles of Agreement relating!

o o

to the said Navigation, bearing Date the- 14th Day of January \ 735; and called,

Mr. IVm. Morland viVid Peter Barsford: And Mr. Bal'sford proved the Execution of the said Articles by the City of Lincoln,. Borough of Boston, and Hospital of Lincoln, Lords of Three of the said Lordships; and liketvife of Edwadd Walpole Esquire* and Thomas Chaplin Esquire,: Two other Lords; and Mr. William Morland proved the Execution of the said Articles by Sir John Chejhyrc, and his Wife, Lady of One other of the said Lordships; and it appeared, that William Ailington Esquire,: another!-of the said Lords, has signed the Petition reterred to the- Committee, j. JVm. GHby Esquire, being further examined, laid,

That Sir Richard Ellys, Lord of the Manor of Notion, told him\several times/ that he approved of, and should willingly promote, the intended Design; but that he w?as gone to Bath before the said Articles were returned.

And a Letter, dated the 20th of November last, from Charles Hall Esquire, Lord of One other of the said Lordships, to the* Mayor of Lincoln, was produced; wherein *the said Air. Hall expresses his, Readiness to promote the intended Navigation.

'>Mf.GUby, being further examined, feid. That he was at a Meeting lately with Mr. Matthew Lamb, Guardian to the Earl FitzwiMams, Lord of Three of the Lordships, and he refuted to sign the Petition; but feid.

That he approved of the’Work, and that he thought it would! be art Advantage to the said Earl’s Estate; but that, as he was only Guardian to the said Earl, and his Affairs being in Chancery, he thought it not proper for him to sign’the feme, w ithout the Direction of that Court.

» Mr. Mofland Further feid, That he was with Sir Geo. Shipworth, One of the Proprietors, and Lord of the Manor of Mctheringham, who declined signing the Petition; 'but feid, That he.should not oppose it.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for restoring and preserving the Navigation of the River Witham, in the County of Lincoln, and thereby draining many Thousand Acres of low* and drowned Grounds’ adjacent to! the (laid River: And thatMr. Mon son, Mr.

Sibthorpe, Mr. Fydell, Sir Thomas Saunderson, Mr. Vyner, and Mr. Bertie, dp prepare, and bring, in, the feme.

Mr. Alderman JVMimott presented to the House, Sail-cloth according .’to Order’ a Bill for giving further Encourage- ‘Mannfoftu meet to the Manufacture of British Sail-cloth, and for more elsedually securing the Duties now payable on foreign Sail-cloth imported into this Kingdom: And thq same was received; and read the Firli time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr! Earle, according to Order, reported from the Stirling Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it ion; appeared to them, touching the Election and Return for the Shire of Stirling, with the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

9 Geo. II. 30° Martii.

the same was read; a’vul the Report and Resolution of Thomas Christy: Who said, That lie was present at this Stirling1 the Committee arc as follows; viz. Election, and knew for which Candidate each Freeholder Eltttion.

Upon the Petition of Thomas Ereshine Esquire, and also gave his Vote.

the Petition of Sir George Dunbar of Mochrum, Sir . But the Sitting Member’s Counsel objected to the Wit-Archibald Pimrojc of Dmmipace, Mr. James ness giving Evidence to this Point, upon his Memory;

Graham of Airth, and several others, Freeholders they alleging. That a List of such Freeholders had been of the County of Stirling, severally complaining of delivered to him by the Clerk of the Meeting, distinguish-an undue Electron and Return of Sir James Campbell ing for whom they voted: To prove which, they exa-of Ardkinlafs, to serve in this present Parliament for mined,

the said Shire. John Fynlajon, Clerk to the said Meeting: Who laid,

The Committee have examined the Merits of this That Instruments being taken against him, lor omitting Election. to insert in the Minutes the Petitioners Name as a Can-

- The Petitioner s Counsel alleged, That the Choice of dictate, and to distinguish for whom the Freeholders re-William Sterling, of Herbcrishire, Esquire, to be Prctfcs, spectively voted, his Answer to the Protest was, That he and John Pin la fan to be Clerk, to the Freeholders con- was not'required so to do at the Meeting; and that the vened at this Election, was made contrary to the Direc- Minutes were then read and subscribed by the Pmfes, tions of the Law of Scotland, and the Resolutions of the and consequently approved ;. but that the Witness deli-11 ou fe of Commons in the Year 1733, in the same of the vered to the said Thomas Christy such Lilt as before men-Election for the Shire of Peebles, the Freeholders, who tioned.

voted in this'Question, being called over by a Roll un- Being cross-examined, he owned, That Five Persons, duly made up, confiding of Thirty-six Persons only, who offered to vote for the Petitioner, and were refused, who did not, upon Demand, take the Oaths, to qualify are not inserted in that Lift: That he made up the said themselves, as required by Law’; and that the Votes of Lilt, from his Memory,.the Third Day alter the Election Eight Freeholders, duly inrolled, and who offered to was over, he knowing all the Voters, except Two or vote lor Mr. James Graham, of Airth, Advocate, to be Three, w hom he had not before seen; but those he well Prafu't and, James Don to be Clerk, w ere rejected; remembered before the Election ended, it continuing very which laid Graham and Don would have been chose, by long.

a Majority of Two, if those Eight Votes had been Being examined as to his Method of casting up the allowed. Numbers at the Election, he said, That he drew a pa-

And, in order to shew the Number of Freeholders rallel Line opposite to each Candidates Name, and made inrolled, from time to time, at the several Michaelmas Marks cross each Line, according to the Numbers of Head Courts, subsequent to the Election in 1727, an Votes, without letting down the Names of the Voters;

Extract or Tntnscript of the Record of the Minutes of the but remembered them particularly: That he had been First Michaelmas Head Court after that Election, signed present at former Elections, and observing at One of by James Don, Sheriff Clerk, being produced by John them, that the Clerk had Directions to take down the Ereskine, in whose Presence the said Extra# Was so Voters Names, and for whom they voted; he therefore . concluded, that, without such Directions, it was not

°The Sitting Member’s Counsel objected to the ad- incumbent upon him to purlue that Method, mitting the said Extract as Evidence, it not being proved He was allied, If he could distinguish how the 5th, to be a true Copy of the Record, otherwise than by the 6th, or 7th Person, called over by Name, gave his Vote? Subscription of the said James Don. and he answered, He could not.

To which the Petitioner s Counsel answered. That an Then the Lift, mentioned by the above Witness, being Extract of a Record, ligned by the proper Officer, in produced by Thomas Christy,

whole Custody the same is kept, by the Law of Scotland It appeared, that the Votes for the Sitting Member is, without any other Attestation, deemed and received were 28, and for the Petitioner 23. as Evidence, in all Courts of Justice there, as also in the It also appeared, by the Minutes of the Election, that House of Peers, on hearing Appeals from thence: and Five Persons, who claimed to be admitted on the Roll, that the like Evidence was admitted by the House of were refilled by the Meeting.

Commons, on hearing the Merits of the Election for ' And the said Thomas Christy, being examined, said, Anstruther H ester, in the Year 1714* That he was present when those Five Persons offered to

But the Committee not thinking the said Extract suffi- Vote for the Petitioner, and were rejected.

Ciently authenticated, resolved not to admit* the same as Then the Counsel for the Petitioner, in order to efiablifii Evidence. . the Right of Voting of Four of those Persons, produced

Upon which the Petitioner’s Counsel offered, but were the Evidence following; not allowed, to call the said Person to prove, that the said A Retour, with an Instrument of Saline proceeding Extra# was examined with the Record. thereupon, dated the 28th of August 1684; whereby ic

Then the Minutes taken at the Election were read; appeared, that John Glass, of Sauchie, deceased, who and it appearing, that it was put to the Vote, who should was Father to the present John Glass, one of those Per-be Member to serve for the County of Stirling in the en- fens, was infeoft in Lands, of an Extent and Variation fuiner Parliament; and that it was carried by a Majority above what is required by Law; which Lands, in the of Five that Sir James Campbell of Ardkinlafs should be Book of the Collectors of Supply, also produced,' appear Member; without any Mention made that the Petitioner to be£ 2,162. 1 is. Xd.Scots, valued Rent: was a Candidate, or any Distin#ion tofhew, for whom And it appeared, by the Minutes, that the said John the treeholdeis respectively voted; Glass claimed to vote as Heir apparent of his Father.

The Petitioner s Counsel therefore insisted. That these Another Retour, Charter, and Precept of Sasine, were DefeCls appearing upon the Face of the Minutes, the a]f0 produced, the Dates whereof are in the Years 1731 Record thereof was void, and ought to be so declared. ancj; whereby it appeared, that Sir Michael Bruce,

It was answered by the Sitting Members Counsel, of Stanhouse, one other of the said Persons, was infeoft in That the Petitioner did not declare hirnlelf a Candidate, Lands of £. 3. 6s. 8rf. old Extent, of which the valued till the Pr&fes and Clerk were chose: That the Clerk was Rent in the said Collectors Book appeared to be £. 639.* not required to mark for whom each Freeholder voted; $s. od. Scots.

and that, in many former Elections, the Minutes had It also appeared, by the Minutes, that John MJau-been made up in the same manner as in the present Cafe, chlane, of Auchentroig, the elder, another of the said Per-. And the Committee having resolved. That those Dm if- fens, voted in the Election of Prafes and Clerk to this ferns in the Minutes did not vacate the Record; Meeting; but was afterwards expunged the Roll, up6u

The Petitioners Counsel then examined, an Objection then made, That he was decreed, by an

yoL. 22* ' Award

' 654

3 Martil 1736.

Stirling

Ele&idn.

Award or Decret arbitral, to renounce the Life-rent Right of the Lands, for which he claimed to vote, in favour of his Son*

The Petitioners Counsel insisted, That he ought to have stood upon the Roll, as he was Tenant in capite to the Crown, at the time of the Election, and as ho Evidence was then produced, futftcient to ftiew that he was diverted of such Life-rent Right.

It appeared likewise, by the Minutes, that John Gibb Claimed to vote, as Master of Cott ons Hospital, by virtue of a Commission granted to him from the MagU fixates of Stirling, Patrons thereof; the Copy of which Commission was produced, and bears Date the 28th of May 1734: And the Petitioner s Coiinfel alleged, That, in regard the Right of the Governors of the said Hospi-tass voting by a Commissioner, in Elections for this Shire, had been formerly established in the Parliament of Scotland, therefore such Vote ought to have been allowed in this Election.

They then objected to Six of the Sitting Members Votes; viz.

Robert Cummgbam, Merchant in Edinburgh, alleging, That there appeared no Proof that the Lands for which he voted are of the Extent and Valuation required by Law; except a Charter only, which bears the said Lands to be a Five Pound Land, without expressing whether the same be of old or new Extent

John Cunningham, his Son, was also objected to, as voting for Half of those Lands, by virtue of a Renunciation to him from his Father:

He was likewise obj sted to for Nonage: To prove which, an Ex Craft of the Register of Baptisms at Edinburgh, dated the 21st December 1713, being offered to be read;

The Sitting Member's Counsel objected to the reading such Certificate, it not being produced at die time of the Election.

To which the Petitioners Counsel answered, That the Objection being then made, and offered to be proved by the Oath of Iris father, as appears by the Minutes, they were afterwards at liberty to produce Evidence, to make out such Objection.

But the Committee resolved not to admit the said Certificate to be read, the same not having been produced at the time of the Election, and the Objection not having been then verified*

The Petitioner’s Counsel then objected to William Aithkin and IVm. Stewart; alleging, That the Lands for which they voted did not kppear to be of 40 s. old Extent.

And also to George Irvin, who voted as Commissioner from the Magistracy of Edinburgh, Superiors and Proprietor^ of Lands called Paws; alledging, That no Royal Burgh represented in Parliament can appoint a Delegate to vote in any Election of Comm iffi oners for Shires; and that the said Irvin refused to take the Oath verbatim, required by the Act, pafl’cd in the 7th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the regulating Elections in Scotland.

They likewise objected to Mr. Hen. Cunningham of Bo!quhan9 as voting for Lands formerly the Lands of the late Viscount Kiljyth, attainted; the Superiority whereof was not claimed within the Time limited by the Act,' passed in the Fiift Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging such Superiors, Vassals, Landlords, and Tenants, as should continue in their Duty and Loyalty to his Majesty.

And a Copy of the Charter, in favour of the said Mr. Cunningham, being produced by Mr. Alexander Innys, lie was examined thereto; mid said, "Hiat he had searched the proper Records, and did not find that any Signature for granting the Superiority had passed upon such Charter in the Exchequer in Scot haul.

In Atvfwer to what had been offered by the Petitioner's Counsel,

The Sitting Member's Counsel alleged. That John Glass was inieoit on a Disposition of his Father, the Sasine

2i

whereof was not a Year and Day before the Teste of the Writ, as appeared by the Minutes; and that therefore he could not vote as apparent Heir, but as the Person to whom the Father had made over his Estate.

And they relied upon the Objection made to the Inrolment of Sir Michael Bruce, at the time of the Election, the Minutes whereof mention, That a Question was put to inroll Sir Michael Bruce; and that art Objection being moved viva voce, it was carried, Not to inroll; but what the Objection was, does not appear.

They alleged, That the Commission to John Gibb appeared, upon the Face of it, to be granted for the Purpose of his voting in this Electiou; add was therefore contrary to the Act, of the 2d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, to prevent Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament; and that, as it was granted during the Currency of the Year for which Pro-voft Littlejohn had, by a former Commission, been appointed Hospital Matter* in the Month of October preceding; therefore it could not superiede such former Commission.

Arid as to John M'lauchlane the elder; they alleged, That it appeared, from the Minutes, that, by a Submiffiofl and Decret arbitral following, then produced, he was denuded of the Life-rent for which he claimed to vote. And, to justify the Six Votes, objected to by the Petitioner's Counsel,

The Counsel for the Sitting Member alleged* That, as to Four of them, it La 1 been admitted by the Petitioner’s Counsel, that the Charters produced by those Voters, at the Election, did recite their Lands to be of Extents and Valuations sufficient to intitle them to vote; and that as all Charters proceed upon Inquisitions taken* they therefore infilled, that the Recitals of the Charters mentioned must be presumed to have had a proper Foundation.

That George Irvin's voting, by Commission, for Lands that lay in the County of Stirling, was a parallel same to Cafes of Elections for Counties in England\ where Per-lbns having different Freeholds in several Counties* are intitled to vote in the.Elections for lucii Counties; 3ml that the said George Irvin could not take the Oath required in express Terms; but that he had sworn to the Effect thereof, as appears by the Copy of his Oath, annexed to the Minutes.

As to the Objection made to Henry Cunningham, they referred to Mr. Cunningham's Answer given to that Objection in the Minutes; viz. That the same Objection had been made at former Elections, and over-ruled, in respect that no Decree against his Right was produced; and that it was not competent to object pretended Nulli4 ties uninftrufted, against Infeoftments proceeding upon Charters, on alleged Fasts, when no Nullities appear id the Infeoftment.

In Reply to what was offered by the Counsel for the Sitting Member,

The Petitioners Counsel observed, That the Answers given to what had been offered on the Petitioner s Part, were only Assertions alleged in the Minutes, and noc supportedby any Proofs produced to the Committee: And they insisted, Tint John Glasss Title to vote did not depend upon his Infeoftment within the Year of the Election, but upon his being Heir apparent to his Father

That as no Reason appears to be assigned for rejecting the Vote p.f >Jr Michael Bruce, his Right to vote therefore Hands unimpeached:

That the Decret arbitral against John McLauchlane only afforded an Action to denude; but that no actual Renunciation of his life-rent could follow', without being recorded in the proper Register:

And as to what had been offered to justify Four of the Voters objected to by the Petitioner, they alleged, That1 Charters without Retours, as they pass of Course in the Excliequer, and frequently ttpon Compariforiwith preceJ dent Charters, the Recitals are therefore of no Authority to prove the Extent or Valuation of the Lands redteJ, the Uetours being the only Foundation of such Proof.

Lord 'Middleton’s EfUte.

Dean, &c; of Westminster*s EfUte.

Kendall's

Name,

Berkley’s

Name.

Lord Middleton's EfUte.

Sutherland

Election.

Norfolk

.Election.

York Election.

9 Geo. II.

30° — 3 r*5 Martii.

661

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutfon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That ‘Sir James Campbell, of Ardklnlafs, Baronet, is duly elected a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Sterling.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Report be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers far ttise Yeas, }'°'"

Tellers for (be Noes, }<75-

So *it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution, being read a Second time, *was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Lighthoun and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for making effectual what has been agreed between Alan Lord Vi (count Middleton, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and his four Nieces; and for the (©curing the Payment of Ten thousand Pounds, agreed to be paid diem; and to enable him to make good the Agreement in his Mar-

OO

r?age Articles. And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Dean ami Chapter of St. Peters Westminster to convey a Piece of Ground, with three Houses thereon, at Knightsbridge, to a Trustee, for the Contributors to St. George's Hospital, and their Successors: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Robert Kendall Esquire, now called Robert Cater, and his tflue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Catery without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to die BUI, intituled, An Act to enable William Berkley Esquire, now called William Portman, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Portman only, w itliout any Amendment,

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill from die Lords, intituled, An Act for making effectual/what has been agreed between Alan Lord Viscount Middleton, in the Kingdom of Ireland\ and his four Nieces; and for the securing the Payment of Ten thousand Pounds, agreed to be paid them; and to enable him to make good the Agreement in his Marriage Articles; was read the Fiift time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iftiie his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament lor the Shire of Sutherland\ in the room of Sir James Ferguson Baronet; who, since his F le£fcion for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of one of the Senators of the College of Justice in Scotland.

The Order of the Day being read, for hearing, at the Bar of this House, the Matter of the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of Norfolk, w hole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and a great Number more of the Freeholders of the said County, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon tins Day month.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of York.

And the Counsel were called in,

Vol.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner Sir Rowland Winn Baronet, and the other Petitioners, whole Petition complains of an undue Election and Return of Sir Miles Stapylton Baronet, for the said County, examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, ki order to dil’qualify several other Persons, who voted for the said Sitting Member at the said Election.

And then the Counsel were directed to w ithdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being

put, That the further Hearing of 'the Matters of the said Petitions be adjourned till Thursday Morning next;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Counsel were again called in.

And the Counsel for the said Petitioners examined several other Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify several other Persons, who voted for the said Sitting Member at the said Election.

And then the Counsel were again directed to withdraw'.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions be adjourned till Thursday Morning next

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Refvlvcd, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Removing ing next, vefolve itself into a Committee of the whole Murray’s House, upon the Bill to enable William Murray to sue,

or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attain- y n der; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his laid Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may have descended or come to him, since his late Majesty’s most gracious Pardon, dated the 20th of July, in the Seventh Year of his Reign, or that shall hereafter descend or come to him.

ci , 1

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom- Importation ing next, resolvq itself into a Committee of the whole of House, upon the Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Firli, intituled, An Act for the preventing fresh Fifti* taken by Foreigners, being imported into this Kingdom; and for the Preservation of the Fry of Filli; and for giving Leave to import Lobsters and Turbots, in foreign Bottoms; and for the better Preserva; tion of Salmon within several Rivers, in that Part of thfe Kingdom called England.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Randolph’s next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, *?ebt to the to consider of the Petition of Edward Randol/)h, late of rowiu London, Merchant, on behalf of himself and his Sureties.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of die Clock.

Mercuriiy 31° die Martii;

Anno 9* Georgii ir" Regis, 1738.

Praters.

/COLONEL Stuart presented to the House, according ~Irvir.e to Order, a Bill for laying a Duty of Two Peiues Harbour, Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling* upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer brewed, or brought into, and Ibid. within the Town of It'vine, and Liberties thereof; and for laying a Duty of One Peny Sterling upon every Ton, pr Ten Horse -loads, of Goals carried to the Harbour of the said Town, and lliipped there for Tran Importation i And the feme was received; and read the First time. ' '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir James Campbell Baronet, being chosen a Commit ^fgyle^rit. fioner for the Shire of Stirling, and also a Comoyfficwer /or the Shire of Argyle, made his Election to-feirvo for the said Shire of Stirling. J

8 G Ordered

666 v 3 i° Martii 1736.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to A Bill for more equal pacing, and better collecting, Relief of

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for certain small Sums for Relief of ship wrecked Mariners,

eleCiing a Commissioner to serve in this present Par- and distressed Persons, his Majesty s Subjects, in the Ports z* liament for the Shire of Argyle, in the room of the said of Cadiz and Port St, Mary\ in the Kingdom of Spain,

Sir James Campbell. and for other pious and charitable Uses, usually contri-

buted to by the Merchants trading to the said Ports; was Recovery of A Petition of several of the Clergy of the County of read a Second time.

Ecclesustical Brecon, in South Wales, whose Names are thereunto sub- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John oUakfr0m bribed, in behalf of themselves, and others of the Clergy Barnard, Mr. Alderman Perry, Sir James Campbell, Mr.

cr5‘ of the said County; and also, Alderman Willimott, Mv.Sandys, Mr. Lyster, Sir Nathanael

A Petition of the Clergy in and about the Towns of Curzon, Mr. Brereton, Lord John Sackvitle, *Lord Mid-Reading, Maidenhead, and Windsor, in behalf of them- dle/er, Ibrd Dupplin, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Longuevilte,

(elves, and their Brethren in the County of Berks; and Mr. Archer, Mr. Owen, Sir Thomas Aston, Mr. Gybbon, also, Sir JVm. Courteney, Mr. Bade, Mr. Par/ons, Sir John

A Petition of several of the Parochial Clergy in the Shelley, Mr. Kinaston, Mr. May, Sir Edmund Bacon,

County of Salop, in behalf of themselves, and their Mr. Walker, Mr. Goddard, Mr. Stci't, Lord Noel So-Brethren; merfet, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cartwright, Lord Pohcarth,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; al- Mr. Ashley, Sir James Grant, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Hooper, ledging, That the Bill, now depending in this House, Mr. Moore, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. White, to mlarge, amend, and render more effectual, the Lord VereBeaucltrk, Nix. Fere, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Gregory,

Laws now in being for the more caly Recovery of Mr. Proby, Mr. Barlow, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Winnington,

Tythes, Church Rates, and Oblations, and other Mr. JVilkinson, Mr. Hay, Sir JVm. Carero, Sir John Ecclesiastical Dues, from the People called Quakers, Hind Cotton, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Tower-, and all the MCm-will, if palfed into a Law, be prejudicial to the Rights bers who serve for the City of London; and for the Sea of the Petitioners: And therefore praying to be Port Towns; and all the Merchants of the House: And heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill. they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, ia

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie the Speaker s Chamber, upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time:

And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard, An ingossed Bill for naturalizing David Puny, was Parry’* by their Counsel, against the said Bill. read the Third time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

Lands in A Petition of the Governors of the Charity fof Relief An Act for naturalizing Diroid Purry.

Mortmain, of the poor Widows and Children of Clergymen, was Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Gore do carry the Bill to

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, by Letters Patent of King Charles the Second, the Petitioners are constituted, a Corporation for Relief of the An ingossed Bill for continuing the Term and Powers heading, poor Widows and Children of Clergymen, and made granted by an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the ^Escapable in the Law, to take Lands, Tenements, and He- Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, reditaments, not exceeding the yearly Value of £. 2,000; An Act for repairing the Highways from Crown-corner, and also Goods, Chattels, and Things of what Nature in the Town of Reading, leading by and through the fef and Quality loever, and to alienate and dispose "of the veral Parishes of Shinfield and Heckfield, in the several fame; which Capacity was inlarged, by his late Majesty Counties of Berks, JVilts, and Southampton, to Bajing-King George the First, to £. 3,000 a Year more; and Jloke, in the said County of Southampton, was read the

that the Institution of this Charity hath been so well Third time.

esteemed and supported, by so many pious and well-dif- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

posed Persons, that the Petitioners have, for divers Years be, An Act to continue the Term and Powers granted palt, been able to make a Distribution of Five Pounds a by an Act, pafifed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his Year to above 800 Widows of very poor Clergymen, late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for and to put out many of their Children yearly to useful repairing the Highways from Crown-comer, in the Town Trades, who otherwise must have been burdensome to of Reading, leading by and through the several Parishes their respective Parishes, and their Children less useful to of Shinfield and Heck field, in these veral Counties of Berks, the Commonwealth; an Account whereof hath been ari- Wilts,i and Southampton.

nually printed and published; and that the Objects of this Ordered, That Mr. Grey do carry the Bill to the Lords,

Charity are far more numerous than the Petitioners can and desire their Concurrence, provide for, out of their certain annual Revenues, and

casual BenefaClions; their certain annual Revenues, at pre- An ingossed Bill to enable John Sinclair, eldest Son Removing sent, not exceeding £. 3,000 a Year: And therefore, as of Henry late Lord Sinclair, deceased, to sue, or main- ^baittes this Charity is so well founded, and for so good Pur- tain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; by Attainder, poses, and this Corporation restrained from accepting and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his laid Lands beyond £. 5,000 a Year, and those alienable in the Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate Discretion of the Petitioners, praying, That this Corpo- that may or shall hereafter defceodor come to him; was ration may be wholly excepted out of the Bill, now de- read the Third time.

pending in this House, for restraining the Dilpofitions of Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

Lands, whereby the same become unalienable; or that An Act to enable John Sinclair, eldest Son of Henry late 1 such Provision may be made thereby, that this Corpora- Lord Sinclair, deceased, to foe, or maintain any Action tion may enjoy the Benefits intended them by the said or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove Royal Grants; and that the same may be preserved to any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to them, to the full Extent thereof. take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, shall hereafter defeend or come to him.

Ordered, That the Lord Glenorchy do carry the Bill to Gaihf- Ordered\ That Mr. Leheup, Mr. Hooper, Sir JVm. the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

borough Heathcote, Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Alderman Heath-

Church. core, Mr. Kyna/on, Sir Richard Corbett, Mr. Wm. A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his Debtors Archer, Mr. Thomas Archer, Mr. Hen. Archer, Mr. Majesty’s Gaol for the City of York, in behalf of them- PetItioiu Gregory, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill so lyes, and many Thousands confined in the' different for rebuilding the Parish Church of Gainsborough, in the Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and County of Lincoln, is committed, read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered,

9 Geo. II. 31° Ma66rj

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

I»- Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for

pmmmt continuing llic Duty of Two Penies Scots, or Onc-sixth of a Peny Sterling, on each Pint of Ale and Beer that shall be vended or told within the City of Glafgqw, or Villages of Gar bills and Port Glasgow, and lVivilcges thereof* for the Benefit of the said City and Villages, is committed; and to whom the Petition of the Fcners, and other Inhabitants, of the GorbclU, &c. is referred; and before whom the Petitioners, if they think fit, are to be beard, by their Counsel, according to the Prayer of their Petition; and who, by an Instruction to them given by the House, are to admit Counsel to be heard, at the feme time, in favour of the said Bill, against the (kid Petition; have Power to (end for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into WImT*0* Consideration die Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for die better lighting the Streets of the City of London, was committed, be now read:

And the (amc being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration; and the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fc-vcrally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to foroe of than, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That tiic Bill, with the Amendments, be iagrossed.

themselves for Offices or Employments within the Time limited by I.aw, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, as requires Persons to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments before the End of the next Term or Quarter Semons; and also for inlarging the Time for makir^r and subscribing the Declaration against Transubstantiation, directed to be made by an Act, passed in the 25th Year of King Charles the Second, for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popiili Recuiants; and for allow ing further Tune for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers,

Devisees, and Lessees; be now' read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, rclblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for the better securing the Freedom of Parlia- Limiting ments, by limiting the Number of Officers in the House the Number of Commons, was, according to Order, read a Second tunc*

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Dill be committed;

The House divided.

TIk; Yeas went forth.

So it passed in the Negative.

Syfty Bill 1 Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

s*mki- Reading of the Bill for laying a Duty upon the Retailers

cc*ct,# of Spirituous Liquors; and for licensing the Retailers

thereof; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second time.

Rejbtved\ 'Ihat the Bill be committed.

Rcfotved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, u|>on this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

GWfow Im- Ordered, That Mr. Bird, Mr. Ashlvy, Lord VcrcBeau-

pmtemenL clerk, Mr. Biffe, Mr. Selwyiu Mr. Fitzroy, Mr. Clover-ing, Mr. CormcaHis, Colonel Mordaunt, Brigadier Batvles, Mr. Brudencll, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Longucvilic, \lr.Clayton,\lr. Danvers, Colonel Griffith, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Huxley, Sir Wm. Irby, Mr. Sloptr, Sir Robert Clifton, Sir Geo. Dawning, Mr. Hales, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Duty of Two Pcnics Scots, or One-sixth of a Peny Sterling, on each Pint of Ale and Beer that shall be vended or Ibid.within the City of Glasgou', or Villages of Garbells and Port Glafgaw, and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City and Villages, is committed.

frjphttng Ordered\ That the Order of the Day, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, in that Part of Great Britain, called England, be now read;

And the feme being read accordingly;

Rejbtced\ That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ofice* and Ordered\ That the Order of the Day, for the House to

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for indemnifying Persons w ho have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments w ithin the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesij, for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify Vol. 22.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the CUnddHne Report from the Committee of the whole House, to Marriages, whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing clandeP tine Marriages, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee. N

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of Coun- Westminster lei upon the Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Bridge. Thames, from the New Palace-yard, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey.

And the Counsel for and against the said Bill were called in.

And the Counsel for the said Bill were heard, and examined several Witnesses, and went through their Evidence.

And the Counsel for the several Petitioners, the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common-council assembled, and the Rulers and Assistants of the Company of Watermen and Lightermen, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Company, and the Lightermen navigating Lighters and Barges employed in carrying Coals on the River Thames, in behalf of themselves, and many others, were heard, by way of Reply, and examined a Witness, in Contradiction to Part of the Evidence given by one of the Witnesses examined by the Counsel for the said Bill.

And the Counsel for the said Petitioners having finished their Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdrawn And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

An ingrossed Clause tvas offered, to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, That, before the Commissioners shall proceed to build the said Bridge, an Inquiry shall be made by a Jury, whether it will be dangerous to the Navigation of the said River; and that the building the said Bridge shall not be proceeded upon, if the Jujy shall find, that it w ijl jje dangerous to such Navigation.

668

31° Martiii °"i Aprilis.

A. 173 6L

' 1 And the Question being put, That the Clause tje ^brought up; ’ . v

It passed in the Negative. J ' , J '

11 Another Clause p as offered, to be added to thb BiiJ, by way of Rider, for Relief of decayed Watermen, and thei^ Widows, relating to the Profits of Sunday Feffic?: ‘

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up; '

It passed in the Negative,

Then the Amendments following were severally ’ proposed to be made to the Bill; viz. ,; ‘ ’/

Pr. 2. L. ?o. To leave out " the Right tionioivpble u John Lord De la War, Treasurer of his Majesty’s u Houshold, and the Treasurer of his Majesty’s Hous-

" hold for the Time being....

L..25.. After u being," to mlert " the Right " honourable William Lord Harringtons one of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, and his Majesty's -Principal Secretaries of State for the Tiriip " being ‘: '

L. 26. After " Abergavenny " to iplert u the " Right honourable John Lord De la War, Treasurer " of his Majesty’s Houshold, and the IVeafurer of, his Majesty s Houshold for the Time being " ‘

Andtive-said Amendments w'ere, upon the Question ieverajly put thereupon, agreed? to by the House: And the Rill was amended at the Table accordingly, uh A Another Amendment was proposed to be made to, the Bill, Pr. 5. L. 26. after " Cinque Ports," to infer t " the Lord Mayor of the City of London lor the Time w‘being:" ' ' 1

f And ‘the Question being put, That those Ayords be Inserted; . "

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pals; -

The House divided. , ,v

The Yeas went forth. - ‘ -

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act for building a Bridge crols the River Thames, from the New Palace-yard, in the City of WeJbninster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry.

Ordered, That the Lord Sundon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

117.

12.

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report m his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at die Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; arid then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fevipraily put thereupon, same of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, wtyi Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House. '

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be lri-grofied.

Ordercdy That Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Phil- StowerNwi. lipfon, Mr. Ydtes^ Lord Sidney Be ancle A, Mr. Laroche,

Mr: '.Ranee, Mr. Brqffey, Mr. Brjftdrv, Captain Haddock,

Mr. Aldenriari Champion, Sir, Jofc Eyles, Mr. Dclme,

Sir Geo. Cajivall, Mr.* Harvey; Mr. Hvarc, ‘Mr*. Holdiii,

Sir JVvi. Jolliffe, Mr. Alderman Parsons, tyr.Pcarfc, Mr. Alderman Perry, ’ M r. Resell, Mr. Ch fiftopher Tower,

Mr. Alderman Willbriott* Mr. Thomas Tower, Sir John . Heath cote, and Mr; Onjioxv, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Fourth and Fifth Year of the Reign of hef late Majesty Queen Anne, for making the River Stower navigable from the Town'of Maningtrce, in the County of Essex, to the Town of Siidbury, in the County* of Suffolk, is committed. ' 1

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable William Murray to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his laid Attainder, to take or inherit any real 01; nerfonal Eftath that m&y have defeended or come to him since his late Majesty’s most gracious. Pardon, dated the 20th of July, in the Seventh Year of his Reign, or that shall hereafter descend or come to him, be now read;

And the same being read accordingly;

'Hie House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. \ J

Mr. Winning ton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.Speaker resumed the Chair. .....\(

Mr. Winnington repoited from the Committee, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bid, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the 4me to the House, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossfed.

A Messagcrfrom the Lords, by Mr. Lighthoun and Mr.. EdyW'ds:

Kcmovisj

Murrip

Difdbib

byAusk

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-«f Privileges. be a(jjourned-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

jfovisy i° die Apr His j Anno 90 Georgii If1 Regis, 1736, Prayers.

Dean, &c.of \ N n grolfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Westmin- J\ to enable the Dean and Chapter of St. Peter% fler’s Estate. Westminster, to convey a Piece of Ground, with Three Iloefes thereon, at Knightsbridge, to aTrustee, for the Contributors to St. George's Hospital, and their §uccessors; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

St.Marga- Mr. Crosse reported from the Committee, to whom the w 7 Bill for the better regulating the Nightly Watch, and Nightly Beadles, within the Parishes of 5/. Margaret, and St.John Watch- the Evangelist, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found' the same to be t^ye; arid had gone through the - Bill, and made several

Mr. Speaker.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Henley, it, for repairing the Roads leading from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxj'ord, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Ihdham Bridge, and to a Place called Milcstone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County, without auy Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act AMermiali for inclosing and dividing the Common Field, called inclosure. Aldei'minster Common Field, Common Pastures, and Other Common Grounds, in the Parish of Aldeminjkr, in the County of Worcester, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for giving further Encouragement to the Manu- Sall-cleth 1 fasture of British Sail-cloth, and for more effectually le- Manufaflard curing the Duties now payable on foreign Sail-cloth imported into this Kingdom; was read Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Importation q *' ' to °ffilh, it

66y

Geo. II.

2° Aprilis.

to rrfolve itfrlf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to render more effectunl an Act, passed in the Fi» ft Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King6t0/gr the Fit ft, intituled, An Act for the preventing fresh Rth, taken by Foreigners, k ing imported into this Kingdom; and for the Preservation of ti»e Fry of Fish; and for giving Leave to import Jjobfters and Turbot* in foreign I’ottoiiu*; and for the better Preservation of Salmon within li te ral Rivers in that Part of this Kingdom called Englaml: !< now read;

And the liunc being read accordingly;

RenJvcd* That this House a ill, upon Tucfduy Morning next, rrfolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the litid Bill.

Recovery of Sir John Barnard rrported from the Committee, to >‘untl Debt* whom the Bill for the more c;ify and lpecdv Recovery of ib Louiluo. fmHj| D^u within the < it/ of London, and the Liberties thereof, v.ns committed; and to whom the Petition of thr I^orcI Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City oIsmdon, in ('on.mon Council assembled, and also the Petition of Peter Burton, James Mount, George Grew, mid /I'm. Calvert, on the behalf of tlietnselves, and Fj heard Hasted, Henry Hatt, Edmund Neu'ton, and Thomas Sheppard, Clerk Sitters of the Sheriff's Court of the City of London, \\t:c referred; That the Committee had confident the said Petitions, and had heard the Petitioners the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of die City of London, in Common Council utlembled, by tiftcir ('ounfel, against the said Bill; and had also heard Counsel for the Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to Ik* true; and had gone through the Bill, and nui . several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to rc|x>rt to die House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Fellhafco'i

KtU

FI.M

El«&oo.

York

Eltftiea.

ClindeAin*

Marriages.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Fhederich Felthufcn, was read Uie First time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for hearing, at the Bar of this House, the Matter of the Petition of Sir John Glynn Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Bcturn for the Borough of flint, in the County of Flint;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon this Day Month.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of York.

And the Counsel were called in:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner Sir Rowland Winn Baronet, and the other Petitioners, whole Petition complains of an undue Election and Return of Sir Miles Stapylton Baronet for the said County, examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify several other reribns who voted for the said Sitting Member at the said Election.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordeixd\ That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Marriages, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vo l. M.

Veneris, 2° die Apr ills \

Anno 9° Georgii IIdi Regis, 173G.

Prayers.

MR. Compton reported from the Committee, to whom Earl of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Stamford's A 6t to enable Harty Earl of Stamford, and Harry (hay settlement Esquire, commonly called Lord Gray, Son and Heir apparent to the said Earl, to make a Settlement upon the Marriage of the said Lord Gray, notwithstanding his Infancy, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The Lord Sidney Beattclerk reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Alew Windsor, in the County of Berks, to repair and maintain their great Bridge over the River of Thames, leading from the said Borough of Nor ICindforXo Eton, in the County of Bucks, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendment* thereunto; which they had directed him to report to tk House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at die Clerk's 'Fable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; ami then a Second time, one by 011c; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, wore, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by die House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

New

Windsor

Bridge.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Gilbert's enable John Gilbert Esquire, und the Heirs Male of his , *tme* Body, to take and use die Surname and Arms of Cooper, pursuant to the Will of John Cooper, of Thurgarton,

Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Refotvod, That die Bill be committed to Mr. Bemiet,

Mr JUnnington, Mr. Pollen, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr.

Curzon, Mr. Iianbury Williams, Mr. Archer, Sir Hen.

Gough, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Turner, Mr. Longuexille, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Brereton, Sir James Campbell, Lord Sundon, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Ord, Mr. Crojje,

I ora Palmerston, Mr. Cere, Mr. White, Sir Wilfrid , Larafon, Dr. Lee, Mr. Scmven, Lord Morpeth, Mr.

IJndfay, Mr. Laroche, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Compton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Yorke, Sir Justinian Isham, Sir James Grant, Mr. Hooper, Mr. IVII-kitifon. Sir John Rushout. Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Levinz,

Mr. Knight, Mr. Bevan, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Treby; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nott 'uigham, Derby, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of die Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

A Petition of the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Aliening Anne, for die Augmentation of the Maintenance of the ^"^11. poor Clergy, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the said Governors were made a Body Corporate by Queen Anne, in the 3d Year of her Reign, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, impowering her to settle upon them the Revenue of First fruits and Tenths, for die Augmentation of the Alaintenance of the poor Clergy, and to make Rules and Orders for the regular Administration of the fame; by which Statute,

Licence is given to all and every Person or Persons, by 1

Deed inrolled in such Manner, and within such 'lime, as is directed by the Statute made in the 27th Year of the Reign of King Henry the VUIth, for inrolment of Bargains and Sales, or by laiV Will or Testament duly exe-

8 LI cuted;

670

2° Apr

A, 1736.

cuted, to grant to the said Corporation, alid their Successors, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, and Chattels, for the Purposes mentioned in the said Act; which Corporation hath also thereby full Capacity to purchase, take, and enjoy, any Money, Lands, Tenements, Goods, or Chattels, w ithout any Licence, or Writ of ad quod damnum, the Statute of Mortmain, or any other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding; and that afterwards, in pursuance of the Powers granted by the said Statute, divers Rules and Orders were settled and confirmed by her said late Majesty, under the Great Seal; by some of which Rules and Orders the Augmentations to be made are directed to be by way of Purchase, and not by way of Pension; and the stated Sum, to be allowed for the Augmentation of each Cure, is limited to £. 200. to be invested in a Purchase at the Expence of the Corporation; and the said Governors are impowered to give the said Sum of £. 200. to Cures not exceeding Five-and-thirty Pounds per Annum (which Sum was afterwards, by th^Authority of his late Majesty King George the First, extended to £. 5Q. per Annum), where any Persons will give the fame, or greater Sum, or Value, in Lands or Tythes; and such Governors are direfited every Year, between Christmas and Eastery to cause the Account of what Money they have to distribute that Year\to be audited; and, when they know the Sum, publick Notice is dirc6fced to be given, that they have such a Sum to distribute in so many Shares, and that they will be ready to apply these Shares to such Cures as want the fame; and are; by the Rules of the Corporation, qualified to receive them, where any Persons, w ill add the like, or greater Sum to it,' or the Value in Lands or Tythes, for any such particular Cure; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that, by the Bill, now depending, before this house, to restrain the Dispositions of:Lands, whereby the same become unalienable, the Rights and Powers vested in them by the same Act, and by the Rules and Orders made in pursuance thereof, may be greatly affc6ted, if some proper Provision be not made to prevent it: And therefore praying* That a; Clause or Clauses, may be added, whereby the said Rights and Powers may be secured.

A Motion was made, and the Qtreftion being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to restrain the Disposition of Lands, whereby the same become unalienable, is committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition do. lie upon the Table.

Recovery of A Petition of the Clergy of the County of Glamorgan, Ecclesiastical in behalf of themselves* and others, was prefen ted to Dues from the House and read; alleging, That the Bill, now depend-

ua trs' ing in this House, to inlarge, amend, and render more

effectual, the Laws now in being, for the more ealy Recovery of Tythes, Church Rates, and Oblations, and other Ecclesiastical Dues, from the People called Quakers, will, if patted into a Law, be prejudicial to the Rights of the Petitioners: And therefore praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

7Mr. Compton,

3 Mr. New land: 7The Lord Gallway, vMr. Braxton:

s

95-

M3-

Parish of St. Andrew llolhorn, St. John JVappingy Hamlet of Ratcliff in St. Dunstan's Stepney, and St. Mary 1 Chit echo pel, in the County of Middlesex, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Paritties in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Justices of the Peace for the said County having, for many Years last past, levied very large Sums of Money on the Petitioners, under Colour of patting Vagrants, repairing Bridges and Gaols, and relieving maimed Soldiers and Mariners, and divers other Pretences; and the Petitioners having just Grounds to believe, that great Part of the said Money has not been applied to the Purposes for which it was pretended to be raised, but that the same has been notoriously misapplied and iin-bczzled, as the Petitioners do not doubt but they can be able to make appear, to the Satisfaction of the House; by means of which Milkpplications and lmbezzlements th:» respefitive Parishes and Divisions of this County have been grievously burdened and oppretted with very heavy, and, as the Petitioners, conceive, illegal Yaxes and Assessments; the Petitioners have no efftctual Method of Redress again It the Persons concerned in the railing, receiving, and disposing of, the said Money, nor against fuel* a Violation of Trust, and Invafton of Property, lave only by Application to Parliament, w ithout whose Aid and Inter poll tion they apprehend themselves exposed to the like. Hardships and Impositions for the future: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief as the House shall lee meet.,..

A Motion was made, and, the Question being put,

That the said Petition be referred to the Considerapon of a Committee: And..that they do pxaroine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House; :j: ... <1

It palfed in the Negative. ;. .

Ordered, That Leave be given to brjqg ip Bill ^ofdTa-0* to prevent the lifting his Majesty s Subjects to lerve as Soldiers, without his Majesty s Licence: -Arid, that JVL*-Secretary at War. and General, H ade K do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

-; -1 ,i,

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Aliening a Committee of the whole House, ypon the . Bill, to restrain the Dispositions of Lands, whereby the same

become unalienable.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gyhbon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed thp Chair.

Mr. Gybbon reported from the Committee, That they had made foine Progress in the’ Rill;, and had directed him to move, that they may haye Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House' will, upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider. further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day; being, read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Illegal Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Imputation whole House, to consider of the most eft‘e6l:ual Means to 0 ea* put a Stop to the great and growing Evil arising from the unwarrantable and illegal Methods of importing Tea, and other Goods into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That this House will, upon TVedneflay Randolph’* Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

whole House, to consider of the Petition of Edxvard n* Randolph, late of London, Merchant, on behalf of himself, and his Sureties.

application A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the RatesUnty Boor, and great Numbers of the Inhabitants of the a several Parishes of St. James Clerkenwell, St. Paul's

Shadwell, St. Sepulchre Middlesex, Mile End Old Town in St. Dunstan s Stepney, St. Luke Middlesex, the Liberty of Saffron-hill, Hat ton-garden, and Ely Rents, in the 15

Ordered, That the Committee Elections be adjourned.

of. Privileges and Committee ot*

Privileges.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Cidck.

Duties on Braodyf |<c.

Recovery of

EcrlduHiial Dues f/u« Quakers.

New Wind for

BfHJg,.

Bentley’s

klUtes.

9 Geo. II. 5 April671

Luna, s° die;

Anno if Georgii II. Regis, 1736.

PUAYLH S.

Til K House bring informed, that Mr. O.xvnford, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He waa called in; and, al the Bar, prdented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the net Produce of the Duties on Brandy und foreign Spirits, Irotn Midfumma 171M to Muifummer 173.^, distinguish-ing each Year, and tlte ProjMjrtioti that belonged to the new Subsidy: An ! allb.

An Account of tnc Quantity of Brandy or foreign Spirits imported from Muifummer 172410 Midsummer I73r>, distinguishing each Year.

And tluMi lie withdrew.

And the Title* of tint laid Accounts were read. Ordered, That the (Yid Accounts do lie upon the Table, to Ik: pcnifed by the Members of the house.

The laid Accounts arc bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition fiffrvcr.il of the Clergy of the County of Carmarthen, in Satiih II ales. in tiehalf of tliemfeUes, and others of the CTrgv of the said County; and allb,

A Petition of the Clergy in and neir Lcwef, in the County of Syj'nx, wl.olc Names arc thereunto subscribed, in hcl.all ot thrinfelve*, and their Brethren the Clergy in the said County;

Were levcrahv patented to the Houfr, and read; alleging, Tint the Bill now dcjiciKling in this iloufr, to inlarge, amend, and render more eftcftuul, die Liws now in Ixing, for the wore tvly Recovery of Tythes, Chutdi Ral(>, and Oblations, and other Kcclefiastical Due.*, lrom the People called Quakers, v. ill, if parted into a I.aw, be prejudicial to the Right* of the Petitioners; and therefore praying to be heard, by their Counsel, agninlt the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were lever.illy ordered to lie upon the Table, untd the said Bill be read a Second time; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard, by their Counsel, against the l'utd Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Arte // ind/ur, in the County of Berks, to repair and maintain their great Bridge over the River of Thames, loading from the said Borough of A ere It’bid/hr to Etna, in the County of Ducks, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do poss: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Bur-gclfcs, of the Borough of AVrc tTind/or, in the County of Berks, to repair and maintain their great Bridge over the River of Thames, and the Way thereon leading from the said Borough of Ae:v Wi/idfor to Eton, in the County of bucks.

Ordered, That the Lord Sidney lleauclerk do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Equity of Redemption of all the Lands of Inheritance, and l^cnfehold Eliates, late of Charles Bentley Esquire, deceased, lying in the County of Worcester, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts, and making some Provision for Penelope his Widow, and Charles and Penelope, Infants, his Son and Daughter, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Vo l. 22. t

Mr. Iwirochc reported from the Committee, to whom Aftley’a &c,. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, an Act for £llate-Exchanging of Lands between Sir John Astley Baronet, and the Prdident and Fellows of Queens College, in Cambridge, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and tliut the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satistaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed hiui to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dean.&c.of to enable the Dean and Chapter of St. Peter sIVestmin- Westminster’s ster, to convey a Piece of Ground, with Three Houses Estate* thereon, at Knightsbridge, to a Trustee, for the Contributors to St. Georges Hospital, and their Success'ors, was read a Second time.

Resolved, Thai the Bill be committed to Lord Tyr-ctmncl, Ix>rd Sundon, Mr. Sandy\ Mr Bacon, Mr. Yorke,

Sir John Shelley, Mr. Bnrrm, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr.

Gybbon, Mr. Wind for, Mr. Tcmnshend, Mr. Foley, Mr.

Archer, Mr. Waller, Sir Francis Boyhton, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Conduitt. Sir John Rushout, Dr. Lee, Mr.

Cro/Jr, Mr. Moore, Sir Wm. Heathcote, Mr. Tower, Mr. ljwgttt'viJe, Mr. Byng, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Master,

Sir It 'i>/rid Larafon, Mr. Scawen, Sir John Heathcote, Mr.

Hucks, General Wave, Mr Gore, Mr. Trefujis, Mr.

Goddard, Mr. Stert, Mr Ha/Jury Williams, Mr. Dr ax,

Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Duncomb, Lord Cornbury, Mr.

Grey, Dr. iotes. Sir James Grant, Mr. Newland, Sir Thtmas Lee, Sir Jennyn Dovers, Mr. White. Mafierof the Rolls, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Knight, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Griffith; and all the Members who servefor tin County of JHJdleJl.v: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Highways from Sunning-lan* Sunning-Uinc End, next Twyford, to the Old Bear Inn, in ^oaQ* Reading, in the County of Berks, was read the Third 0 time.

rl*he Amendments following were severally proposedr to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7. L. l. After Falcon," to insert Inn;"

L. 6. After Falconto inlert44 Inn

Pr. 8. L. 41. After 14 Falconf to insert " Inn aforesaid."

And the same were, upon the Question fevernlly put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Highways from Su/ming-lanc End, next Twyford to the Old Bear Inn, in Reading, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Grey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Clothiers, and others concerned in Olive Oil the W oolen Manufacture in and near the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the c 0 lers* House, and read; complaining of the heavy Duty upon Olive Oil: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Relief as to the House shall seem meet. ‘

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for vesting in John SaUom Gentleman, and his Heirs, a Reversion in Fee of Lands and Hereditaments, c*

therein mentioned, in the County of Lancaster, forleited by Gabriel Hesketh, attainted of high Treason, w as read a Second time. ‘

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

night,

3ffl(

1

Shore’s

Estate.

Kegiftry ot‘ Ships.

Irvine, Harbour, See.

0

Clandtstine

Marriages.

Gee’s Eft it*.

5° — 6°

A. 1736.

night, reiblve itself into a Committee of the whole Ilouf» upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of an undivided Fourth Part of the Manor of Plimptons and certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Sussex, the Estate of Elizabeth Shore, and her Daughters; and for vesting the Money arising thereby in Trustees, for the same Uses to which the said Estate now stands settled; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pelham, Mr. White, Mr. Jewkes, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Hay, Sir Hen. Gough, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Darners, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Edwards, Sir Charles Hotham, Mr. Gybbon, Air.Lawton, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Sevan, Sir James Grant. Sir Geo. Cafwall, Sir Robert Austen, Captain Evans, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Grey, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Shuttlavorth, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Archer, Lord Nod Somerset, Mr. Scawcn, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Sir Edmund Bacon; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Suffix, Surrey, md the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon/ at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Alderman WilVmott presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for establishing an Office within the City of London, for the registering Bills of Sale of trading Ships, and Parts of such Ships and Vessels built, and hereafter to be built, to prevent the Frauds and clandestine Sales therein committed: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for laying a Duty1 of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer brewed, or brought in and fold, within the Town of Irvine, and Liberties thereof; and for laving a Duty of One Peny Sterling upon every Ton, or Ten Horie-loads, of Coals, carried to the Harbour of the said Town, and shipped there for Transportation; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Stuart, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Lindsay, Mr. Hay, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Mr. Winning ton, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Sandys, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Pelham, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Conduitt, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Treby, Dr. Lee, Mr. Walker, Sir James Campbell, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Longueville, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Grey, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Croffi, Sir James Grant, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Rowney, Mr. White, Mr. Archer, Mr. Plumer, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Earle, Mr. Scawen, Sir Charles Mor daunt. Sir Robert Austen, Sir Geo. Cajwall, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Edwards, Lord Morpeth, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Row-I'mfon Earle, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Vere, General Wade; and all the Members who serve for Noi'th Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Gage, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Marriages was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow. Morning,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Edwards:

Mr.‘Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

vesting the Estate of Williani Get Esquire in Trustees, to settle the same pursuant to an Agreement made previous to his Marriage with Elizabeth his Wife, Daughter of Roger Talbot Esquire: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That an humble Addrefe be presented to his Licences for Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Di-l,ifcl, in? reftions to the proper Officer to lay before this House, t

an Account of what Licences have been granted by the 1

Crown, and for what Values respectively, to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, their Heirs and SuCcessors, to alien in Mortmain; and to purchase, take, and hold) in Mortmain, in Perpetuity* any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, since the Act, of the Seventh Year of the Reign of King William the Illd, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of charitable Gifts and Dispositions, to this present Time.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty’s, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Aliening a Committee of the whole House, to consider further ^an!si" of the Bill to restrain the Dispositions of Lands, whereby ortor' b the same become unalienable.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. j

Mr. Gybbon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. I

Mr. Gybbon reported from the Committee, That they I had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill to inlarge, amend, and render Recovery of more effectual, the Laws now in being for the more easy Jkclefofool Recovery of Tythes, Church Rates, and Oblations, and other Ecclesiastical Dues, from the People called Quakers, be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- WavJ ingnext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole JindMeaiJ. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-' Saikloih night at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Com Manufac-mittee of the whole House, upon the Bill for riving ture< further Encouragement to the Manufacture of British Sail-cloth, and for more effectually securing the Duties now payable on foreign Sail-cloth imported into this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Committei

of

Privilege.

Mart is y 6° die Aprilis;

Anno 90 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1736.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Manning, Seiiurw m Agent and Solicitor to the Commissioners of the Revenue of Ireland, attended at the Door; Colo^J1

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Trade. House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Account of what Seizures have been made, or Forfeitures incurred, in the Kingdom of Ireland, by virtue of an Act, of the Sixth Year of his present Majesty, intituled.

1

p Geo. II. <5° Aprilis.

An Act for five better securing and enlarging the Trade ol his Majdiy’s Sugar Colonies in America;

And then lie withdrew.

And the Tide of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be pended by the Members of the house.

The laid Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

c«'i.<borott|!i - Mr. Vyner reported from die Committee, to whom Church, the 1 Jill for rebuilding the Purith Church of G jin thorough % in die County of Lincoln, was committed, '] Lat llie Committee had examined die Allegations of the Pill, and found the same to be true , and had gone through die Pill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which dey hod directed him to report to the House; and lie read die Report in his Place; and afterw ards delivered die Pill, with llie Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where die Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the (judiion Severally put diercupon, were, with several Amendments to One of diem, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with die Amendments, be ingrossed.

Recovery of A Petition of die Clergy of the County of Suffolk;

l<t*lei'«itital ani| u|f0,

Ouakclr"1 Petition of sundry Clergymen in die County of

Wilts, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of die Clergy of die Diorcfc of Surt/tn; and also,

Another Petition of several of the Clergy of the County of H itts, in behalf of tin mil Ives, and die rest of die Clergy of the said County; and also,

A Petition of the Archdeacon oi Winchester* and the Clergy of the County of Southampton, within the Diocese of ICinchester; and a I lb,

A Petition of die Dean and Chapter of Chester, and Olliers of the Clergy of Uiat County, ill bchult ol thcin-leJvrs, mid their Brethren; und also,

A Petition of several of tnr Parochial Clergy ill the County of Derby, in behalf of themselves, and their Brethren; and also,

A Petition of sundry of the Clergy in llie County of Gloucester, in lielialt of themselves, and the rest of the Clergy of the said County;

W ere severally pmented to the House, and read; allowing, Tlmt the Pill, now* defending in this House, to enlarge, amend, and render more effectual, tiic laius now* in !icing, lor die more enly Recovery of Tytlics, (dim eh Rates and Oblations. and other Kcclefialtical Dues, from the People cubed QuaUrs, will, if passed into a I-aw, be prejudicial to die Pi jits of the Petitioners: And therefore praying to be heard, by their Counted, against the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie uj>on die Table, until the said Pill be read a Second time; and that the Petitioners, if they think lit, be then heard, by their Counted, again!: the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Jilnnington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire Uieir Concurrence.

An ingrossed Pill for the better regulating the Nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the Parishes of St. Alar-

{aret, and St. John the Evangelist, within the City and -ilicrty of Westminster, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to die Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. L 37. After <% (bull/’ to insert iC as soon;"

Pr. b. L. *jS. l-eave out " or neglecting:"

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And die Bill was amended ut the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for die better regulating the Nightly Watch, and Beadles, within die Puriflies of St. Margaret, and St. John the Evangelist, within die City and Liberty of H est minster.

Ordered, That Mr. Cruffe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and detirc their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Pill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Frkdcrich Felthujen, w as read a Second time.

Jlefolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hors-monden Turner, Sir James Campbell, Sir (leu. O.venden, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Hanbury Williams* Mr. Yorkc, Mr. JCowingtoti. Mr. Braffey, Sir Christopher Poucll, Mr. Jjonguexille, Mr. Archer, Mr. Kent, Mr. May, Mr. Poihill, Mr. Pigott, Sir Nicolas H'iUiams, Mr. lCalker% Mr. Herbert, Mr. Hay, Lord John Sacville, Mr. Walpole, Lord Gage, Lord Sutney Beauderk, Mr. Bacon, Mr. / y tier, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Par fans* Mr. Scatcen, Sir John Cope* Mr. Hacks, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Gore, Mr. Pitt, I-ord Morpeth, Lord Charles Cavtndish, Mr. Cere, Mr. ICrightc, Mr. Cro/fe, Mr. Thomas Archer, Sir Thomas Sounder fan, Mr. Byng, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Croute. Sir James Grant, Sir Charles Hot ham, Sir Nathanael ('urzon, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Compton, Mr. Pecan, Mr. Earle, Mr. Danvers: And they ure to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

The Lord Harry Poxclett reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from die Lords, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons ami W afte-grouncis, called Stankham and Soldridge Commons, in the Parish ol Old A Ires ford, in the County of Southampton, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satistaftiou of the Committee (One Person excepted, who has only a Right of the Rc-version of an Estate of Three Pounds per Annum, after Three Lives now in being, and did not appear to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had directed him to report die Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

St. Margaret'*

West m Milter, Nightly Watch.

Fclthufen’s

Nat

Alresford

Iuclofuie.

n , An ingrossed Pill to enable JCiUiam Murray to fuc,

Removing . . .

Murray'* or maintain any Action or Suit, notuiu.Uaiuling his At-

Diubilinr* tuinder; and to remove any Dilahility in him, by reason

b> Attainder. of jjs fajci Attainder, to take or inherit any real or per-

fonal Estate that may have defer tided or come to him

flnee his late Majesty’s most gracious Pardon, dated the

Twentieth oi July, in the Seventh Year of his Reign, or

that shall thereafter defeend or come to him; was read

the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable William Murray to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Dilahility in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may have defeended or come to him since his late Majesty's most gracious Pardon, dated the Twentieth of July, in the Seventh Year of his Reign, or that shall hereafter dcicend or come to him.

Vol. S22.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of William Get Esquire, in Trustees, Estate. to settle the fame, pursuant to an Agreement made previous to his Marriage with Elizabeth his Wife, Daughter of Roger Talbot Esquire, was read the First; time.

Rtjolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House importation to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, offish, &c. upon the Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the preventing frefti Fith, taken by Foreigners, being imported into this Kingdom, and for the Preservation of the Fry of Fish; and for giving Leave to import Lobsters and Turbots in foreign Bottoms, and for the better Preservation of Salmon within several Rivers in that Part of this Kingdom called England, be now read:

8 I And

a

674 6° Apfilis. A. 173 <5.

And the same being read accordingly \

The House was moved, That the 35th and 36th Sections of an Act, made in the 14th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in his Majesty s Customs, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly ,*

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee* That they have Power to receive a Clause for. confining the Benefit of the Exemption, intended by the said 3GII1 Section of the said Act, unto such Ships only as shall be half laden with Fish taken and cured by his Majesty s Subjects only.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Geo. Oxendm took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George Oxenden reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Supply Bill; A Petition of the Merchants and Planters trading to, Spirit and interested in, the British Sugar Colonies in America, Licences. was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Resolutions which the Iloufe hath come to, for granting to his Majesty a Duty of 2os. per Gallon for all spirituous Liquors sold by Retail, and for the Payment of the Sum of £. 50 yearly to his Majesty, by every Person

retailing the fame, will bring, as the Petitioners apprehend, unavoidable Ruin on the Sugar Colonies, though the Evil complained of does not ariie from the Consumption of the Commodities imported from the said Colonies; and representing to the House a State of their same with regard to the Consumption of Sugar, Melasses, and Rum, as it will be alfefted by the Bill, brought in upon the said Resolutions; in full A Durance, that the Wifdomof the Legislature will find Means effectually to suppress the Evils occasioned by the excessive Ule of spirituous Liquors, without destroying the Sugar Trade, upon which the Subsistence of lb many Thousands of his Majesty s Subjects depends: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against so much of the said Bill, as, they conceive, may extend to their Prejudice, or affect the British Sugar Trade.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of spirituous Liquors, and lbr licensing the Retailers thereof, is committed; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, belbre the said Committee, according to the Prayer of their Petition;

The Journal of the House, of the Tenth Day of Jane, in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King William, in relation to the several Petitions of the Bailiffs, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Occupation, Art, and Mystery of Weavers, within the City of London; and of the Wardens and AlhHants of the Company of the Worsted Weavers of the City of Norwich, in the County of Nor-J'olk; and to the several Orders of the House thereupon; and to the Order 01 the House, for referring the Consideration of the Petition of the East India Company to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions, by settling a perpetual Fund for Payment of certain Annuities, alter the Payment of Eight Pounds per Centum per Annum for every Hundred Pounds, and for further Advantage therein mentioned, redeemable by Parliament, was committed, and for hearing the said Company, by their Counsel, upon the said Bill, before the said Committee; was read:

And the Journal of the House, of the 15th Day of

April, in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King William, in relation to the Report from the Committee of the whole House, who were appointed to consider of the Bill for taking off the remaining Duties 011 Glass-wares, was also read:

And the Journal of the House, of the Fifth Day of May, in the 13th Year of the Reign of King William, in relation to the Petition of several Persons, in behalf of themselves, and many others, w ho did advance and pay into the Receipt of his Majesty s Exchequer, the Sum of £. 564,700 at a time of extraordinary Necessity, on the Faith and Credit of an Act; of Parliament, made in the 6th and 7th Years of his Majesty a Reign, and to the Order of the House, for hearing the Petitioners, by Counsel, at the Bar of the l louse, was also read:

And the Journal of the House, of the Third Day of April, in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King William, in relation to the Petition of the Master and Keepers, ori Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Mystery and Art of Brew ers of the City of London, and to the Order of the?

House thereupon, w as also read:

And the Journal of the House, of the Seventh Day of April following, in relation to the Petition of Richard Dashwood, George Dashwood, and Anne Dashwoody younger Children of George Dash wood Esquire, deceased, and to the Petition of the most Noble Barbara Duchels of CIceland, and to the several Orders of the House thereupon, was also read:

And the Committee Book of the Committee of the whole House, in relation to the Proceedings, upon the 9th Day of April 1696, of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill concerning low Wines, was committed, w'as also read:

And the Journal of the House, of the Ninth Day of May, in the 13th Year of the Reign of King William, in relation to the Hearing of Counsel, at the Bar, upon the Petition of the Persons who advanced and paid into his Majesty s Exchequer the Sum of £. 564,700, upon the Credit of the Act for laying Duties upon Coals and Culm, was also read:

And the Journal of the House, of the 20th Day of March, in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, in relation to the Order of the Ilouie, for referring the Consideration of the Petition of the Agents, ' Planters, and Merchants concerned in, and trading to, the Island of Barbadoes, to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Support of her Majestys I Joulhold, and for the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, was committed, was also read:

And the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of spirituous Liquors, and for licensing the Retailers thereof, uras committed; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, he heard, by themselves, or Jheir Counsel, before the said Committee, according to the Prayer of their Petition;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers ij^ccs within the City of Bristol* under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth,

That the Bill now depending before this Iloufe, to lay a Duty of Twenty. Shillings per Gallon on all spirituous Liquors sold by Retail, and a Sum of Fifty Pounds yearly, to be paid by every Retailer of the fame, will, if enacted, be destructive to the Petitioners, and many Tliou-sands more of his Majesty s Subjects, as well in the Sugar Colonies, as in the adjacent Parts of the said City: And therefore imploring the House to consider the great Lois which mult immediately and hereafter ensue to the Revenue, Navigation, Traders, Planters, and others, concerned in Sugar and Rum, and what Advantage

Foreign cis

Eland^in*'

Marriages.

Y*k

Lit cu on.

Ixworth

llu lo.ui c*

Smith’s

aiue.

9 Geo. II. 6° j4prilis.

Foreigners ntav make thereof; and afford such Relief therein, as to the liouic thall teem meet, though the Evil complained of in this bill shall he, by it. supprcfiH.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Dnv, for liking into Consulcnition the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Rill for the more effectual pieveiuine clandcliine Marriage*, was committed, he now read:

And the same bein'! read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Rc|>ort be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The H out* proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions co.i.plaining of an undue Eieftion and Return for the County of iorA*:

And the Cotinlel were called in.

And the Connfcl for the Petitioner, Sir Rowland lllnn Baronet, and the other Petitioners, whole Petition complains of an undue Ehftion and Hr turn of Sir Miles Sta-pyltvn Baronet, for the said Count, examined several N itnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to dif<|uuiify several other Persons who voted for the said Sitting Member at the said Election.

And then the Connlel were di rftod to withdraw.

The Counsel were a^.tin callul in:

And the Count*! r*r l*»r laid Petitioners examined several other With* ;7i s and produce d Lvidipcc, in older to difqunlify live ivl other IVrfiin* who voted lor the I hid Sitting MmiiIkt at the said Eli ft ion.

And tinn the Ce.unlcl we*e again ding'd to withdraw.

Orurtd., That the lunik r Hearing oMlie Multi rs of tire laid Petitions be adjourned till Ihurjday Morning fiext.

And thru the House mlj*-rmrd till Tomorrow* Morning, Nine of the Cl<uk.

Mtrcuri:, 70 Ay rills;

Anno oc Georgii II. *' Reg’s, 1730.

Pratv r s.

X jl R. Denvers rrperu d from tl < Comrr.fftcc, to v* horn I the Pill fni i: <*!ol:n,r mi: or hung me Common, and Con num liv'd, in tlr Manor of Iu<rth, in the Town of Iranr/h. in tl:* C. nty of Sarto!/, was committed. '! hat ft Committee had c> nnined the Allegations of the Ri!\ and found the l or to ’ c true; and that t!»r Parties, who petitioned t . lie ife in relation to the Cid Pill, had given their Consent to the lii.ne, to the Sathfiftion of the Committee: ai d that the Committee had gone through the Rill, and made several Amendments then unto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and at er-wards delivered the Rill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Tahir: W here the Amendments w v o’\v read throughout; and then a Second tiir.e, one by one; and, upon the Queliion severally put then upon, were ag.rrd to by the House.

Ordered, That the Pill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Pill from the Ix)rds, intituled, An Act to enable George Adgnod Ffipiiie, lately called George Smith, and the Heirs Male of LR Body, to take ar. I use the Surname of A/ZlcW only, purliiant to the W ill of George Aligned, Gentleman, dcccafed, was read a Second time.

Re/blved, That the Pill be committed to Mr. Jevi-son, Mr. Roden, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Archer, Mr. //'//-linfon, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Lord Sidney Bcauclirk, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Longutrillc, Mr. Boone, Dr. Lee, Dr. Cotes, Mr. lunch, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Par-

Vo l. 22.

fons, Mr. Ilucks, Mr. Gore, Sir Thomas Read, Mr. Gui-d*tt, Mr. Phnnptrc, Mr. Coppleslone, Mr. Bade, Sir Christopher Powell, Mi. Stert, Mr. Hamilton, Sir Hun. Gage, Sir I I’m. Carrot, Mr Pitt, Lord Sundon, Mi*. Planter, Lord Charles Cavendish Mr. Petal, Mr. White, Mr. Banks, Sir Hulfrid Linvfon, Mi. Bacon, Mr. M^nfon. Sir A at ha nacl Carzon, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Thomas Archer, Mr. H aller, Mr. Robert Hacks, Mr. Shuttle-ti erlh, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Clutter buck, Mr. Idoyd, Mr. Earle, Mr. lU rbert, Mr. Robinson. Sir Thomas Let, Mr. Kent; and all the Members wholerve for the County of Xnrthumbcrlarul: And they are to inert this Altcrnoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Mr. Shuttlraorth reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for milking effectual Articles of Agreement touching the Estates late of linger Sme cl I the elder, of Read, in the County of Ijmcaster, Kfquirfc, and Roger Noxctll his Son, lying in the fume County, and in the County of York; and vetting the said Estates in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein mentionid; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to bu true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content »o the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committer; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The Lord Sundon reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill lie. 111 the Lord.*, intituled, An Act fa d..« uirging the Eft ate purchased by the Trustees of ( h' / ‘1 v Car etui/At E (quire, commonly called Lord ( ha'bs Cavenai\h,\U)\\\ the Truffis of his Settlement; and li i cn ddinL; the said Truliecs to sell and dispose of the it,:, lor tin Pm pi les therein mentioned, was committed, T:.at the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and lomul the same to he true; and that the Parties concerned Into given their Consent to the Bill, to the SaifsiaOtion of the Committee; and that the Committee 1 ad giaie through the Bill, and made an Amendment tin ieiinto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterward^ delivered the Pill, with the Amendment, in at the ( lei i/s Table: V here the Amendment was read: and is as follows; viz.

Pr. t*. L. 20. After " Ilcreditamerjts/* iufert l< in " IVe-lit 1.pie

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Queliion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Cop lent on reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Pill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vacating the Grants anil Settlements of certain Manors, I^inds, and Tenements, made by Geo. Parker Esquire, upon the Marriage of Fraud'; his Son with Jacquette his now Wife, and for settling oilier Lands instead thereof, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Pill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Pill, to the Satisfaction of the Com mi! ti e; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: Ai*il he delivered the Pill in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Monday lair. That his Majesty would be gi aciously pleaibd to give Directions to the proper Officer ti lav helore this House, an Account of what Licences have been granted by the Crown, and for what Values icljnftively, to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corpotate, their Heirs and Successors, to alien in Mortmain, and to purchase, take, and hold in Mortmain, in Perpetuity, any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, whatsoever, since the Act of the Seventh

Year

Nowell’S

Elutes.

Lord

Cavendifl/J

ElUte.

Parker'

Marriage

Settlements*

Arifwer to Addreu

Bentley’s

Mates.

Aftley’s, &c. Estate.

Improving the Streets of London.

Poor Laws.

Witham

Navigation.

Recovery

of

Shipwrecks.

Importation of Lilli, 6c c.

676 70 Jprilis. 36.

Year of the Reign of king William the 'third, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of charitable Gifts and Dispositiofis, to this present Time) had been presented to his Majesty; and that Ins Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly*

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Equity of Redemption of all the Lands of Inheritance, and Leasehold Estates, late of Charles Bentley Esquire, deceased, lying in the County of Worcester, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts, and making some Provision for Penelope, his Widow; and Charles and Penelope, Infants, his Son and Daughter, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Exchanging of Lands between Sir John Astley Baronet, and the President and Fellows of Queens College, in Cambridge, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That; the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Laroche do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for the better lighting the Streets of the City of London, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, to oblige the Dean and Chapter of St. Paul's to cause the Fence round the said Cathedral to be duly lighted at their own Expence:

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up:

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Enlightening of the Streets of the City of London.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Perry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, and for the more effectual punishing Rogues and Vagabonds; and for reducing the Laws relating to the Poor, and to Rogues and Vagabonds, into One Law; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, uport the said Bill.

Mr. Monson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for restoring and preserving the Navigation of the River Witham, in the County of Lincoln, and thereby draining many Thousand Acres of low and drowned Grounds adjacent to the said River: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

o

Mr. Alderman Perry presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to render the Laws in being more effectual for saving and recovering Ships and Goods wrecked, or driven on Shore, by Diflrels of Weather, or otherwise: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir George O venden, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in the First Year of

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the preventing fresh Fish taken by Foreigners being imported into this Kingdom, and for the Preservation of the Fry of Fish; and for giving Leave to import Loblters and Turbots in foreign Bottoms, and for the better Preservation of Salmon within several Rivers in that Part of this Kingdom called England', was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment^ in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one: and; upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Governors of the Grey-coat Hospital Aliening in Tuthill Fields, of the Royal Foundation of Queen Anne, Aail(is 15 was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That R 0111111111 by Letters Patent, dated the 19th Day of April, in the 5th Year of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, the Petitioners are constituted a Corporation, and made capable, in the Law, to take Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly Value of Two Thousand Pounds, and allb Goods, Chattels, and Things, of what Nature or Value lbever, for the Benefit of such poor Children of the Parish of St. Margaret, Westminster, as from time to time Avail be admitted into the said Hospital; and that the Petitioners have, for divers Years palt, been enabled to maintain, death, and teach, a considerable Number of poor Children of both Sexes 3 and have, from the time of the First Foundation of the said Hospital, placed out above Five hundred such Children Apprentices, some to the Sea Service, and others to useful Trades, Hufijandry and Housewifery; and that the Children now, and for several Years past, are many more in Number than the Petitioners can provide for by the yearly Subscriptions and Collection, joined to the certain annual Revenues of the said Hospital, which together, at present, do not. exceed Seven hundred Pounds a Year; so that, were it not for the casual and generous Benefactions the Petitioners have received, by the Bequelts of several pious and well-disposed Persons, they could not take so many poor Children into their Care and Protection, to be maintained, cloathed, and initrufted: And therefore, in Consideration the present annual Revenue belonging to this Hospital is of so small a Value, praying, That this Corporation may be excepted out of the Bill now depending in this House, for retraining the Dif-positions of Lands, whereby the same become unalienable; or that such Provision may be made thereby, that the Benefits intended them by the Grant of their Royal Foun-dress, may be preserved to them in their full Extent.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Clandeirtw Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Marriages, was committed, be now read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

And an Amendment was made by the House, to the BiH.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,.

That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

It passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Supply Bill:

o

9 Geo. II. 7°

into a Committee of the whole House, upon ill'1 BUI for lavin'? a Duty upon the Retailers of spiriftioUK Liquors, and for liccnling the Retailers thereof, being road;

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Spirits drawn from Barley, Malt, or other Corn, exported, and the Amount of the Bounty paid for the same, from 24 June 17 vi to ,24 June 1 7 >5, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordtrcd/l'Uiil the Account of w hat Duties have been

I mid at the Custom-hnufc in London, and the Out Ports, or foreign Spirit* or Brandies imported, from the 24th of June 173 ] to the 2 jtli ot June 1735, distinguishing each Year, and under what Denomination of Brandies the Duty w as paid for the same, be referred to the said Committee.

Ot dered, That the Account of the Amount of the Duties which have arisen by the I deenfing of the Retailers of compound Spirits, from Midsummer 1732 toMidJ'ummer I 733, he referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Number of Licences were taken out, for fetline or retailing mixed or compound Spirits, from Midsummer 1732 to Aiidsummer 17; diliinetiishing how many wore within the Bills of M ortaht v, and Low many were w ithout, be referred to the hud Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Duties aufinr from home-made Spirits, from Midfum-mer 1 7*3^ t > Midsummer 1733, he referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Excifo has been paid for foreign Spirits and Brandies imported, from Midjammer 1732 to Midsummer *735, distinguishing each Year, be referred to tte* said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Spirits drawn from Corn in Great Britain exported, and the Amount of the Drawback allowed or paid for the same, from the 24 June 17 33 to the 24 June 173.5, distinguishing each Year, l*e referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of the Duty upon B<-er and Ale from Midsummer 1732 to Midsummer 17 >3. ihningutshing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Duties from home-made Spi its, and of w hat Excise has been paid for foreign Spirifs and Brandies imported, from 24 June 1732 to 24 June 1733; of the Quantity of Spirits drawn tiom Corn exported, and what Draw-back, SV. has been allowed for the fame, from 24 June 1 733 to 2 \ June 1735; of the Produce of the Duty U|K)n Beer and Ale, from 24 June 173*2 to 24 June 1735; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Duties have been paid at the (u Horn-ho life in London and the Out Ports, for foreign Spirits and Brandies imported, from Midfum-mer 1726 to Midsummer 17 33, dilliuguishing each Year, and under w hat Denomination of Brandy the Duty was paid for the same, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities and Net Produce of the Duties upon foreign Brandy and Spirits, from MidJ'ummer 1720 to MidJ'ummer 1735, drftinguish-ing each Year, and the Produce thereof which belongs to the Hereditary and Temporary Excise, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Net Produce of the Dut ies upon strong Waters, low Wines, and Spirits, from Midsummer 1720 to Midsummer 1735, distinguishing each Year, and the Produce thereof which belongs to the Hereditary and Temporary Excise, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Brandy or foreign Spirits imported, from Midsummer 1724 to Midsummer 1735, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Net Produce of the Duties on Brandy and foreign Spirits, from Midsummer 1724 to Midsummer 1735, distinguishing each Year, and Vol. 22.

Lice ores*

the Proportion flint belonged to the new Subsidy, be Supply Bill; referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, intituled. Amount of the Duties arising from home-made Spirits for Five Years, ending at MidJ'ummer last, distinguishing each Year, and the Duties payable upon Ample and compound Spirits, presented to the House the Sixth Day o(April 1 732, he referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Amount of the Duties which have arisen by the Licet ding of Retailers ofcompoundSpirits, presented to the I louse the Sixth Day ot April 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, intituled, An Account of the Produce? of the Duty upon Beer and Ale, for Seven Years to Midsummer lall, distinguishing each Year, presented to the House the 13th Day of April 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, intituled, An Account of the Amount of the Drawbacks upon Spirits exported, for Seven Years, to Midsummer last, distinguishing each Year, presented to the House the 13th Day of April 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, intituled, An Account of what N umherot Licences have been taken out for felling or retailing mixed or compound Liquors, from the First Day of July 1729 to Christmas last, distinguishing each Year, ami how many of the said licences are within the Bills of Mortality, and how* many are without, presented to the House the 13th Day of April 173 2, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, intituled, An Account,

shewing how much of the Duties arising from homemade Spirits, for Seven Years, ending at Midsummer last, hath been charged as low Wines from foreign Materials, and foreign Mi nos, low Wines from malted Corn, low' Wines from Cyder, and as Spirits from such low Wines, presented to the House the 13th Day of April 1732, he referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Amount of the Duties arising from home-made Spirits, from Midsummer 1731 to Midfum-mer 1732, presented to the House the 26th Day of February 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Drawbacks upon Spirits exported, from Midsummer 1731 to Midsummer 1732, presented to the House the 2bth Day of February 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how much of the Duties arising from home-made Spirits, from Mid-Jammer 1731 to MidJ'ummer 1 732, hath been charged as low Wines from foreign Materials, and foreign Wines, low Wines from malted Corn, low Wines from Cyder, and as Spirits from such low Wines, presented to the House the 26th Day of February 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Number of Licences have been taken for the felling or retailinglnixed or compound Liquors, from Midsummer 7731 to Midsummer 1732, presented to the House the 26th Day of February 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Amount of the Duties which have arisen by the Licensing of the Retailers of compound Spirits from MidJ'ummer 1731 to Midsummer 1732, presented to the House the 26th Day of February 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of the Duty upon Beer and Ale, from Midsummer 1731 to Midfum-mer 1732, presented to the House the 26th Day of February 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Excise has been paid for foreign Spirits and Brandies imported, from Midsummer 1727 to Midsummer 1732, distinguishing each Year, presented to the House the 26th Day of February 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of several Surplusses Hated at Michaelmas 1719, presented to the House ’the 9th % K Day

6 78 7° — 8° . 1736.

Supply Bill; Day of December 1719, be referred to the said Com-spirit mittee.

Licences. Ordered, That the Account of several Surpluses Hated at Michaelmas 1720, presented to the House the 21 (I Day of December 1720, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Surpluses Hated at Michaelmas

1721, presented to the House the 21st Day of December 1721, be referred to the said Committee,

Ordered, That the Surpluses Hated at Michaelmas

1722, presented to the House the 22d Day of January

1722, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Surplusses Hated at Lady-day

1723, presented to the House the 22d Day of January 1723, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Surplusses Hated at Michaelmas 1723, presented to the House the 22d Day of January

1723, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Surplusses Hated at Lady-day

1724, presented to the House the 18 th Day of January 1724, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, I'hat the Surplusses Hated at Michaelmas 1724, presented to the House the 18th Day of January

1724, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Surplusses Hated at Lady-day

1725, presented to the House the 25 th Day of February 1725, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Surplusses Hated at Michaelmas 1725, presented to the House the 25th Day of February

1725, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Surplusses Hated at Lady-day

1726, presented to the House the First Day of February 1726, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Surplusses Hated at Michaelmas 1726, presented to the House the ifi Day of February

1726, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Surplusses Hated at Lady-day x727> presented to the House the 20th Day of February

1727, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, 'that they had madefome Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Illegal Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-IrnP°JJation night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 0 ca* House, to consider of the moH effectual Means to put a Stop to the great and growing Evil arising from the unwarrantable and illegal Methods of importing Tea, and other Goods, into this Kingdom.

Randolph’s Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-Debt to the ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Crowd. House, to consider of the Petition of Edward Randolphy late of London, Merchant, on behalf of himself, and his Sureties.

Recovery of Ordered, That the Bill to enlarge, amend, and render Ecclesiastical more effectual, the Laws now in being, for the more easy Quakers.111 Recovery of Tythes, Church Rates, and Oblations, and

other Ecclesiaff ical Dues, from the People called Quakers, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-and Means, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

Committee

of

Privileges.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 8° die Apr His;

Anno 90 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1736.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill Horn the Lords, intituled, An Act Nowell* for making effectual Articles of Agreement touch- Estates. ing the Estates late of Roger Nowell the elder, of Read, in the County of Lancaster, Esquire, and Roger Nozoell his Son, lying in the same County, and in the County of York y and vesting the said Estates in Trustees, to be sold* for the Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Shuttleworlh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act, Parker^ for vacating the Grants and Settlements of certain Ma- Seftlements nors. Lands, and Tenements, made by George Parker ie Esquire, upon the Marriage of Francis his Son with Jacquette his now Wife, and for settling other Lands instead thereof, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Copleston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Horfmonden Turner reported from the Com- Felthufeu’s mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in- Nat. tituled, An Act for naturalizing Friederich Fellhufeny was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s'Table.

A Petition of the Trustees of the several Charity Aliening Schools within the Cities of London and WestminfleVy Bo- ^rnt^a-u rough of Southwark, and Bills of Mortality, in behalf of ° upwards of Five thousand poor Children- clothed and educated in the said Schools, and also in behalf of all otherCharity Schools in this Kingdom, for the Education of the Children of the Poor in the Principles of the Church of England, as by Law established, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That if the Bill, now depending in this House, to restrain the Dispositions of Lands, whereby the same become unalienable, Uiould pass into a Law, without Amendment, it will prevent many charitable Donations for the Promotion of the said Schools, which are so far from having any large Endowments in Land or Money, that very few have so much as a School House; and that, as the voluntary Contributions do not equally and regularly answer the conffant Expences, the Trustees in several Places have been obliged to reduce the Number of their Children, and in others, the Schools have been entirely laid down, for want of Means to support them; and representing to the House the great Usefulness of thefeSchools; and alleging, That, during the Continuance thereof, the Petitioners have placed out upwards of Seventeen thousand Children, within the said Bills of Mortality, to Apprenticeships in the lower Trades, and to menial Services, whereof above One Half have been put out to such Services, besides near 400 bound to the Sea Service: And therefore praying the House to except the said Charity Schools out of the said Bill, or to grant them such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The

9 Geo. II.

Btcortry of *The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Small Debu Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the ia London. niore easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, was committed:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Iiworth An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com-Iftciofare. mon (;ommon I'ield in the Manor of Ixzcorlh, in the Town of Ixworth, in the County of Suffolk, was read the Third time,

Refilled, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Field and Plots of Commonable Land*, lying in the Manor of Ixu^orth, within the Parish of Ixworth, in the County of Suffolk; and for stinting the Common or Heath within the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Danvers do carry the Bill to the I/>rds and desire their Coucurrence.

fciriof An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Sumford'i |Q enable Harry Earl of Stamford. and Horn/ Cray Lfqtiire, commonly called Lord Cray, Son, and Heir apparent, of the said Earl, to make a Settlement upon the Marriage of the said Lord Gray, notwithstanding his Infancy, was read she Third time.

Refilled, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Compton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this I louie hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

tWxon A Petition of the Prisoners confined for D-bt in the Petition. Poultry Compter, Jjondon, on behalf of themfdvr*, and many Thousands of insolvent Debtors confined tu the several Gaols in this Kingdom; and also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Dt bt in Xacgate, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousands insolvent Prisoners confined for Debt;

Were severally prefimted to the House, and rend; complaining of their Dili refs: and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Affix* of Ordered, That all the Members who serve for the Bread id Cinque Ports he added to the Committee, to whom the d on. pm t|ie jK.arr regulating and ascertaining the Price and Assize of Bread in the City of Londm, and Parts adjacent within the Bills of Mortality, is committed.

Belief of tke Sir John Barnard reported from the Committee, to

Distressed whom the Bill for more equal paying, and better collect-at Cadiz, ing, certain small Sums for Relief of shipwrecked Mariners, and difireffed Per suns, his Majesty s Subjects, in the Ports of Cadiz and Port St. Marys, in the Kingdom of Spain, and for other pious and charitable Uses, usually contributed to by the Merchants trading to the said Ports, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Simply Bill; \ Petition of the Merchants and Owners of Ships Spirit trading from the Port of Liverpool, in the County Pala-Licencts. tine of Lancaster, to and from the British Sugar Colonies Vol.22.

679

,n America, was presented to the House, and read; feting forth. That the greatest and principal Branch of their Trade consists in the Exportation of Manufactures, the Produce of Great Britain, to our Colonies in America, and bringing Muscovado Sugars in Return for the fame; Three Fourth Parts of which Sugars cannot be consumed without being first refined; and Two Fifth Parts, when refined, are drawn into Melasses, whereof near Two Thirds are distilled into Spirits; and that, if the Bill brought in, upon several Resolutions of the House, jn order to lay a Duty of Twenty Shillings a Gallon upon all Kinds of spirituous Liquors retailed within this Kingdom, Rum from his Majesty’s Plantations not excepted, should pass into a Law, the greatest Consumption of refined Sugars would be entirely loft; and Rum, which is near a Fourth Part in Value of the Produce of our Sugar Colonies, would also be rendered of little or no Value, and Two Thirds of the Melasses produced from refined Sugars mud become useless; to the inevitable Ruin of our Sugar Plantations, and Definition of the Two most valuable Branches of our foreign Trade to the British Colonies, and the Coast of Africa: And therefore expit fling their Hope, that the Legislature will not hazard so beneficial a Trade, to cure an Evil that never would have happened from Rum, or any other Liquor of that Value; but will be able to find Means elVedually to suppress the fame, without extending it to any of the Liquors that are distilled from the Produce of our own Plantations; and praying, That the 1 Soule will be pleased to take their same into Consideration, and give fuel) Relief therein as the House rtiJill find mofl meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church of Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill;

viz.

Pr. 2. L. 27. After the Word " the," to insert the Word " Cathedral:

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refilled, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Gains borough, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner do carry' the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Holford and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act shales’ to enable John Shales, commonly called John Burington, Name,

and the Heirs of Ins Body, to take and use the Surname of Baling ton, pursuant to a Settlement made by Sir Charles Baringlon Baronet, deceased, without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituh d. An Act Kent to enable the Justic< s of the Peace acting for the West- County ern Division of the County of Kent, to purchase a con- Goal, venient Piece of Ground for building a Gaol for the said County, and for impowering the said Justicesto apply Part of the County Stock of the said Division towards the fame, without any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, int.tuled, An Act paupg for the better regulating the Nighly Watch, and Bea- Covent dies, wdhin the Parish of St. Paul, Covent Garden, within Garden, the Liberties of the City of Westminster, without auy Nightly Amendment. And also, atc

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, one of Hoad*, the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other of the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing

8° Aprilis.

1

Aliening Lands in Mortmain.

York

Election.

Gilbert'*

Name

Debtors

Petition.

Registry of Ships.

680

the Road from Highgate Gatehouse, in the County of Middlesex, to Bloekhouse, in the County of Hert-

ford,', and the Road from the Bear Inn, in Hadley, to the Angel in Enfield Chace; and for amending Cane-wood Lane, leading from Highgate to Hampstead, in the said County of Middlesex; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Gybbon, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Rill to retrain the Dispositions of Lands, whereby the same become unalienable, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; find then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to one of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with th6 Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the fu rther Hearing of the Matters of the severalPetitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of York.

And the Counsel were called in:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner, Sir Rozvland Winn Baronet, and the otherPetitioners, whose Petition complains of an undue Election and Return of Sir MilesSfa-pylton Baronet, for the said County, examined a Witness, in order to disqualify several other Persons who voted for the said Sitting Member at the said Election.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

And, there not being Forty Members present,

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerts, 90 die Aprilis;

Anno 9* Georgii IF* Regis, 1736.

Prayers.

"\ /T R. Bennel reported from the Committee, to whom JLV± the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Gilbert Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Cooper, pursuant to the Will of John Cooper, of Thur-garton, Esquire, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors of the Wuod-street Compter, in the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and other insolvent Debtors in the several Prisons in this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for establishing an Office within the City of London, for the Registering Bills of Sale of trading Ships, and Part Of such Ships and Vessels built, and hereafter to be built, to prevent the Frauds and clandestine Sales therein committed, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Willimott, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Phillips, Sir James Loxvther, Sir Wm. Stapleton, Mr. Afilex/, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Stevenson, Mr. Coniexvall, Colonel Mordaunt, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Loclcwoody Mr. Bacon, Mr. Turnery Air. Conduitt, Mr. Yvrke, Mr. Archer, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Longue-ville, Captain Martin, Mr. IValtejr, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Watts, Mr. Knighty Sir Wm. Wyndham, Dr. Lee, Lord

*7

A. 173

Noel Somerset, ^Ir. Hacks, Mr. Phillipfan, Mr. Wilkin* son, Lord Baltimore, Sir Francis Child, Sir John Rushout,

Sir Charles Wager, General Wade, Colonel Bladen. Sir Miles Slapylton, Mr. Winnington, Sir Geo. Cnfwall, Mr.

Erejkine, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Afiby, and all the Alemhers who serve for the City of London, and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Chamber.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in Debtow White Chapel Prison, on behalf of themselves, and Petilion* many Thousand insolvent Prisoners confined for Debt in this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief. ' V

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

f*

Au ingrossed Bill for more equal paying, and better Reliefofiln collecting, certain small Sums for Relief of thipwrecked Distressedai Mariners, and distressed Persons, his Majesty’s Subjects, Cadli' in the Ports of Cadiz, and Port St. Maiy's, in the Kingdom of Spain, and for other Uses, usually contributed to by the Merchants trading to the said Ports, was read the Third time. j

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be. An Act for more equal paying, and belter collecting, certain small Sums for Relief of 111 ip wrecked Mariners, and distressed Persons, his Majesty’s Subjects, in the Ports of Cadiz and Port St. Mary's in the Kingdom of Spain, and for other Uses, usually contributed to by the Merchants trading to the said Ports.

Ordered, That Sir John Barnard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act FelthnWi for naturalizing Friederich Felthufen, was read the KaL Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Horjemonden Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his Debtor# Majesty’s Gaol at Reading, in the County of Berks, was Pdlll0t1, presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabte.

Ordered, That the Hearing, at the Bar of this House, York of the Alatters of the several Petitions complaining of E,e^*03* an undue Election and Return for the County of York, be further proceeded in upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ho/ford, and Mr.

Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Pitt*com-enable the Guardians and Trustees of Samuel Pitt, an potionior Infant, to compound with Samuel Pitt, Merchant, for a Sum of Money decreed to the said Infant* by the ciwuLy. Court of Chancery: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Expiring for reviving and continuing the Acts therein mentioned; Lavvl> and for explaining and amending a Clause in an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of iiis late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act; for making the Laws for repairing the Highways more effectual, relating to the appointing Scavengers in Cities and Market-Towns, and the ordering the Assessments for the repairing and cleaning the Streets therein; without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act St. Anne? for the better regulating the Nightly Watch, and Bea- S-e?m,inI'w dies, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster, without any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An RcaJin?, Act for continuing the Term and Powers granted by an <&c*

Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty

8" — 9" Apritis.

9 Geo. II. Aprilis 681

Majesty King George the Firfi, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways from Crown Corner, in the Town of Reading, leading by and through the several Parishes of Shenfield and Hed{field, in the several Counties of Berks, Wilts and Southampton, to Bafugstoke, in the said County of Southampton, without any Amendment: And ulfo,

Htrben't The I^ords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Charles Herbert Esquire, now called Chqrles Sheffield, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Sheffield, pursuant to the Will of John late Duke of Buck-inghamshire and Xormanby, deceased, without any Amendment.

And ilten the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Report be received Upoil Wednesday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

llefolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- jhndolph'* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 1 ^r^tue House, to consider of the Petition of Edward Randolph t late of Ijbndon, Merchant! on belialfof himself, and his Sureties.

Resolved, That this House will, tipOn Monday Mom- Way* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mean*. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply grauted to his Majesty.

St. Aon'* Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom* \y>Oi®ittfter ing next, take into Consideration that Part of the Mef-Wikb'fcc ^*8* ^ro,n l^e *n which the Messengors have

' aoqiiamted this House, That their Lordships have

agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster, without any Amendment.

Rejphti The Order of the Day being read, for fire House to Eit&out. resolve itself into a Committee of the tvhole House, upon the Bill for the further regulating the Electious of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament in that Part of Great Britain called England;

Rejoiced. That tins House will, upon this Day Seren-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, upon the fan] Bill.

Offim and The Order of the Day being read, for the House to UfWyfecui*. iifolf into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qn.dfy themselve» for Offices or Employments within the time limited by l>a\v, and for allowing fm liter Time for that Purpose; and for amending so much of an Act* |>asse<l in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for indemnifying Persons who ha\c omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments within the Time limited by Law* and for otbci Purport s therein mentioned, as requires Persons to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments before the End of the next Term or Quarter Sessions; and also for enlarging the Time for making and subscribing the Declaration againR Transnbftantiation, directed to be made by an Act, parted ill the Twenty-fifth Year of King Charles the Second, for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Keculants; and for allowing further Time for Inrohnent of Deeds and W ills made by Papists; and for relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devifces, and Ia flees;

Refohal, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill 5 The Order of the Day being read, for the House to spirit resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to A»iceuccS' consider further of the Bill for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of spirituous Liquors, and for Iicenfitig the Retailers thereof;

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee. That they have Power to receive a Clause for enabling such Persons as have exercised the Business of Dillillation for a time to be limited, or have served, or are now bound, as Apprentices to Inch Business, to exercise and follow any other Trade or Business, in any City, Town* or Place, in that Part of Great Britain cajfed England.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made: several Amendments thereunto, which they had directetj him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Vo L. 22.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Committe# Elections be adjourned. of Privilege

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clocks

LuncCy 124 die Aprilit;

Anno g* Georgii II-1 Regis, 1736.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords* intituled, An Act Lord for discharging the Estate purchased by the Cavendirtft Trustees of Charles Cavendish Esquire, commonly Entailed Lord Charles Cavendish, from the Trulls of his Settlement, and for enabling the said Trustees to sell and dispose of the fame, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Sundon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fume, with One Amendment: To which Amendment, this House doth dtfire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

A Petition of Mr. Alexander Raft, Agent for. and au- nias^ow thorized and impowered by, the Provoit, Baillies, arid improvment Town Council, of the Royal Burgh of Ruth erg leu, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Magistrates of llutherglen, being informed that a Bill is brought into this I joule for continuing the Duty of Two Pem>s Scots, or One sixth of a Peny Sterling, on each Pint of Ale and Beer that shall be vended or sold within the City of Glasgozv, and Villages of Garbells and Port GlasgoiO, and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City and Villages, are highly sensible of the Loss they will suffer, and of the excessive Burden that will be brought upon their whole Neighbourhood, should this Bill pass into a Law; particularly, that the Price of their Grain will be considerably diminished by this Tax; and that the extending thereof over their Neighbours, the Inhabitants of Garbells, will, in a great measure, ruig that Place,

Over which the said Magi ft rates of Rutherglen apprehend the said City of Glasgoxv has no Right toinakfe such Extension: And therefore, in Name artd Behalf of the said Provost, Baillies, and To\Vn Council, of the said Royal Burgh of Rutherglen, praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, before it pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed, that Mr. Oxerford, from Imports from the Commissioner.s of the Customs,' attended at the Kuiha. Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order* an Account of all the Goods and Merchandize imported at the Port of Eon-don? and the Out Ports, from Russia, and the East Country, from Christmas 1729 to Christmas 17345 distinguishing each Year.

8 L And

6&2

A. 1736,-

Pitt’s Cora-

?ofitions for loney decreed by Ghaftcety.

Gilberts

Name.

Aliening Lauds in Mortmain.

Debtors

4fetiUoti»

Alresford

Iaclosure*

Gee’s Estate.

.And. then bee withdrew. -

And the Title of the Paid Accotot «was read.

Ordered, That the faitl Account do lie upon the Table, to be pern fed by tire Members of the House.

Tile find Account isboundup with the other Papers of bins Session.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Guardians and Trustees of Samuel Pill) an Infant, to compound with Samuel Pill, Merchant, for a Sum of Money decreed to the said Infant by the Court of Chancery, was read the First time.

iitfdvcdy That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act too enable John GilbeiH Esquire, and the Heirs Male ot' his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Cooper, pursuant to the Will of John Cooper, of Thur-garkm\ Esquire, decehfed, was read the Third time.

Bcjolved, That the ’ Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bennet do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered That the Bill to restrain the Dispositions of Lands, whereby the same become unalienable, be read the Third time, upon Thursday Morning next.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his Majesty’s -Gaol of ’Northampton; and also,

A Petition of levera! -Prisoners confined for Debt in flie Prifdnof his Majesty’s Honour and Cattle of Wind-for, in the County of Berks, whole Names are there-imto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, arid many others;

Were severally prefen ted to the House, and read j complaining of their Di ft refs: And praying Belief.

And the said Petitions were federally ordered to lie upon the Table.

An ingrossod Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosingcertain Commons, and Waile-gfounds, called Stank ham and Soldridge Commons, in the Parish of Old Alresford, in the County of Southampton, was read tire Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Harry Powlett do carry the BHl to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lord1*, intituled, An Act Fpr vetting the Estate of William Gee Esquire m TraiL "tees, to settle the fame, pursuant to an Agreement made previous to his Marriage with Elizabeth his Wife, Daughter of Roger Talbot Esquire, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Sir Charles 11otfi amf Sir Writ. Wcnlioorth* Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mi4. Archer, Mr. Turner, Mr. 1 {anbury Williams, MrjAfic, ‘Mr.^ongueville* Mr. Yorke, Lord‘57ir//f<?y Beauelcrk, Mr* Gildurt, Mr. lloublun, Mr. Henley, Colonel On/lozq, Mr. Hungerford, \Ir. Clutterbuek, Colonel Mordamit, Sir James Grant, Mr. Ord, Mr. Watts, Sir Thomas* Lyttelton, Sir James Campbell, Dr. Lee, Mr. Hemey, Mr. Lech mere, Sir Henry Hugh ton, Mr. CoJlei\ Sir Robert Long, Sir Jof Pennington, Mr. Maijler, Mr. Thomjfou of York) Mr. Wilk info*, Mr. Ramsden, Sir Francis Boynton, Sir Thomas Frank land, M r. Frank land, Mr. Smelt, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Thomas llobhu, Captain Borland\ Colonel-Cornwallis, Mr. Earle, Mr. Bor Acs, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Knight, Mr. Brercfon, Sir Charles Banbury, Mr. Croiole, Lord Gallxcay, Mr. Crosse, Mr. H\icks, Sir Henry Lyddall\ Mr. Lyster, Mr. Ai/labie, Mr. lien. Finch, Captain Rob info n, Captain Evans, Mr. Cartwright, NIi*. 7'horiias Archer, Mr. Alderman Wil limit) Lord Noel Somcrfd, Lord Dupplin, Sir Francis Child; Mr. Thomson, Mr. Corbett, Mr. AshbiL Mr. Leheup; and all the Members who serve lor the 22

Gotmty of York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Live of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Hoeife Offices and I to Tefolve kfeff into a Committee of the whole House, Erail!oyratw Upon the Bill for indemnifying Persons who have.

omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employ*

merits wtriliin the Time limited by Law -, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and for amending ‘‘J so much «of an Act, ipafled in -the Second Year of the Reign of his profen t M a jetty, for indemnifying Persons who have unfitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for other Purposes therein mentioned* as requires Persons to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments before the End of the next Term, or Quarter-Seffioas; and also for enlarging the Time for making and firbforrbing the Declaration against Transubllantiation, direSe 1 to be made by an Act, p#flbd in the Twenty-fifth year of King Charles the Second, for preventing Dangers which >naay happen from Popish Reoufawts; and for allowing fccrdier Time for lwrohnent of Deeds and AVills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestarit Purchasers, Dev-ifees, and Lessees.; be-now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Dr. Lee took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Dr. Lee reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plleafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Merchants, Owners and Matters Sail ed of Ships, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Manure, beliatf of themselves, and all otluers concerned in the British Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, J

that by a Bill, which has been brought into this House, Forgiving farther Encouragement to the Manufacturers of British Sail-cloth, and for more effectually securing the Duties now payable on foreign Sail-cloth imported into this Kingdom, all Matters and Commanders of Ships or Vessels, which shall be built in this Kingdom^ or the British Plantations in America, will be obliged to furnish the same with Sails made of British Sailcloth; but that there is no Provision in the said Bill, with respect either to the Quality or Price of such British Sail-cloth, which even the Manutttfturers allow to be not so cheap, and the Petitioners hav$ found, by Experience, not to be so good, as the Cloth of other Countries, nor any further Encouragement given to the Manufacturers, whereby they may he enabled to reduce the Price to an Equality with that of other Nations; and expressing their Apprehensions, that the Taid Bill, if passed into a Law, will not only he attended with very great Hardships to the Petitioners, but wifi prove highly prejudicial to the British Navigation, aail be of dangerous Consequence to the Trade and Interest of this Nation in general: Arid therefore praying to be heard, by themselves, or Cohn Cel, against the said Bill; or that the Petitioners may shave such other Relief as to the House shall feern meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard, by themselves, or Connfel, before the said Committee, according to the Prayer of their Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to Be heard, atihe same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition. , " t

" 7.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to -the House, af- Enliiling of cording to Order, a Bill to prevent the lilling *hk SoiU,t,i*

’ Majesty’i

9 G bo. II. t2° — i j* . $83

Majesty's Sohjf*fts to serve w Soldiers, without his Majesty’s licence: And the same was received; and mul the FhA time.

Br/btved, lliat the Bill be read a Scccmd time.

Randolph* Ordered, That the Order of the I>iv, for the House

l>Cn) n ht ne®[>*v<5 fcMf into u Committee of the whole House, ro*n' to consider of ttie Petition of Edtvard Randolph, late of London, Merchant, on behalf of himself, and his Surctun, be now read:

And the same being rend accordingly;

The House reMved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Sjieaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. SpeakerreftMoed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they iuvl cuulidctri tlse Matter of the said Petition; and had din*eted him to move the House, That a Bill may be brought in, to enable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or the l.ord High Tioafuper, for the time lx ing, to compound with Eduard Randolph, late of Ixnahm, Merchant, and his Sureties, a Debt due to the Crown, for Customs on Tobacco.

And Sir Charles Turner moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in to enable tl>c Tonis Cnmuifflioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Yreafhrcr, for thetime being, to compound with Edward Randolph, late of London, Merchant, and his Sureties, a Debt due to the Crown, for Customs ou Tobacco: And that Sir Charles Turner, Sir Geo. Cajiratii Captain Pure if, and Sir Charles 1Ydga\ do prepare, and briny in, the fame.

Eiportito Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay

KoBU. before this House, an Account of the Value of the Woollen Mannf;«rtoresexj»orted to Rvjfia, from Christmas 1724 to Chfidmas 17; |; d i ft mgu idling each Year, and what urc included in the said Account.

Then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

The House was moved. That the Fourteenth Seftiou t>f an Act, made in the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Cluirbrs the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Settlement of the Maintenance of the Parsons, Vicars, and Curates, in the Parishes of the City of London, burnt by the late dreadful Fire there, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill he committed

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

84.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House witl, upon Friday Morning uexr, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Rtfoived, Thai this House will, upon Friday Mom- \Vays ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Means. House, to couiider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Committee

Elections he adjourned. ~ . °/

rrivilegei,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

upon the PHI fhr giving further FncoiirageraciU to lire Mnnnf.ifture of Rrltish Sail-chub; and for more effinftrnil fernring the Duties now payable on foreign Sail-cloth imported into this Kingdom; /

Resolved, That this House will, ujK>n this Day Sri nought, at Twelve of the Clock, refold itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the fai<l Bill.

Sallnm’s TV4 Order of the Day bring read, for the . House to IXuae. resolve itself intoaCoinmittee of the whole 1 louse, upon the Bill for vesting in John Satlom Gentleman, and his 1 letrs, a Reversion in Fee of Lands and Hereditaments, therein mentioned, in the County of Lancaster, forfeited by Gabriel ih'Jkdth, attainted of High Treason;

Rcjblvc(i That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Recovery of The Order of the Day being read, for the Second F.cclrfuifiicul Reading of the Bill to inlarge, amend, and render more Dues from effectual, the Laws now in being, for the more, easy U# lrs* Recovery of Tj’thes, Church Rates, and Oblations, and other Ecclesiastical Dues, from the People called Quakers;

The Counsel for and against the said Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read.

And the several Petitions, which were presented to the House, against the said Bill, and ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Second Reading thereof, were also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners of the Province of Canterbury were heard.

In answer to whom, the Counsel for the Bill were heard.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners of the Province of York were heard, by way of Reply.

Vol. 22.

Mart is, 13* die Jtprilis;

Ann? 9* Georgii IF1 Regis, I73S.

Prayers.

A PETITION-of the poor confined Debtors in pebton the County Gaol of llorsham, in the County of Petition. Suflcx, was presented to the House, and read; com* plaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Colonel<S7t/tfrf reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One- Harbour, Stc. sixth Part of a Peny Sterling upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer brewed, or brought into, and fold, within the Town of Irvine, and Liberties thereof; and for laying a Duty of One Peny Sterling upon every Ton, or Ten Horle I/xids, of Coals, carried to the Harbour of the said Town, and shipped there ior Transportaiiou; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with, the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Tyrconnel reported from the Committee, to Dean> &c of whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An \Vciimii»uti* Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of St. Peter's IFest- Eiiate.

minster to convey a Piece of Ground, with Three Houses thereon, at Knightsbridge, to a Trustee, for the Contributors to St. George's I lofprtal, and their Successjbrs, was

committed,

Shore’s

EiUte.

Offices and

Employments.

Debtors

Petition.

York fe lection.

684 13140 Aprilis. A. 1736.

committed, that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he de-delivered the Bill in at the Clerk s Table.

Mr. Pelham of Lewes reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of an undivided Fourth Part of the Manor of Plunipton, and certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Sussex, the Estate of Elizabeth Shore, and her Daughters; and for veiling the Money arising thereby in Trustees, for the same tJfes to which the said Estate now (lands settled; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk s Table.

Dr. Lee, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for indemnifying . Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, as requires Persons to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments before the End of the next Term or Quarter Sessions; and also for inlarging the Time for making and subscribing the Declaration against Transubstantiation, directed to be made by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of King Charles the Second, for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants; and for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he rtiad the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: WhOre the Amendments w'ere once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House Ordeivd, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the County Gaol of Chelmsford, in the County of Esse.r, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousand others in the like deplorable same in this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of York, was, according to Order, further proceeded in.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner Sir Rowland I Finn Barofief, and the other Petitioners, whose Petition complains of an undue Election and Return of Sir Miles Stapylton Baronet, for the said County, examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify several other Persons, who voted for the said Sitting Member at the said Election.

And then the Couuf l were directed to withdraw. Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions be adjourned till ThurJ'day Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read; liffilved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, St. Am* take into Consideration that Part of the Message from Wefainiitr the Lords, upon Friday last, in which their Messengers acquainted this House, That their Lordships have ’ c agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster, without any Amendment.

And then the House adjourned till To-moi*row Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, .14° d Aprilis}

Anno 9* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1736.

Prayers.

THE House being infbrtned, that Mr. Oxenford, Exjnrtui from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Value of the Woollen Manufactures exported toRuffia, from Christmas 17x^0 Christmas 1734 5 distinguishing each Year, and what Ports are included in the said Account.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for the more easy and speedy Ee^ Rccotcryef covery of small Debts within the City of London, and Small Dru

in Looikb

Debtor*

Petitions.

Glasgo*

whom the Bill for continuing the Duty of Two Penies Wro, fof‘l Scots, or One-sixth of a Peny Sterling, on each Pint of Ale and Beer that shall be vended or sold within the City of Glasgow, or Villages of Gar hells and Port Glasgow, and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City and Villages, was committed; and to whom the Pet ition of the Feuers, and other Inhabitants, of the Garbells, &c. was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had heard the Petitioners, by their Counsel; and had also heard Counselfor the Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of tile Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

thereunto;

the Liberties thereof, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; m.

Pr. 4. L. 31. After <c and, " to insert Kfiich Clerks <c or Registers, and Beadle or Beadles, as aforesaid :v

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the City of London, and Liberties thereof.

Ordered, That Sir John Barnard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined within his Ma*

S's Prison of the Kings Bench, in behalf of them* s, and many Thousand others in the several Gaols of this Kingdom: And also, , '

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Marshalsea Prison' in Southwark, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousands insolvent Prisoners confined for Debt

Were severally presented to the House, and read complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief. And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lio* upon the Table.

Colonel Campbell reported from the Committee, to

9 Geo. II. 140 A685

thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Rill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: W here the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lancaster Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

r‘l* the Ch rk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County Palatine of Lancojiery in the loom of Sir Edward Si aula/ Baronet, now Karl of Derby, called tip to the IIoulc of Peers.

kecoveryof A Rill to render the Laws in being more effectual i^wreck*. for (i,vingniid recovering Ships and Good:, wrecked or driven on Shore by Distress of Weather, or other wise, was read a Second time^f

Resolved, That tin? Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Bacon, Sir Xathanael Curzon, Mr. Yorl.c, Sir James Grant, Mr. Scawcn, Mr. Marshall\ Mr. G regory, Mr. Ha nee, Mr. Archer, Mr. Barrel, Mr. Earle, C aptain Martin. Captain Purvis, Mr. Gore, Mr. Ijonguci die, Mr. BVnnington, Mr. Hay, Mr. IFaihr, Mr. Alderman I/calhcofe, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Clutletbuck, Mr. /loop er, Colonel Bladen, Sir lien. Hog hi on, Lord Sidney Bcauclcrk, Mr. Coper, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Fere, Sir Abraham Ellon, Mr. Gildarl, Mr. Sandy*, Sic James Campbell; and all the Merchants of the IIoulc; and all the Members who serve for the Maritime Comities: And they are to meet this Afternoon at 1 ive of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Silk»m’» Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

,uie* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for wliu.g in John Sallom Gentleman, and his liens, a Kcversion in Fee of Lands and Hereditaments, therein mentioned, in the County of Lan-caller, forfeited !»v Gabriel Ilejketh, attainted of High Treason, be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Brereton look the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Breretcn reported from the Committee, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Entitling of A Bill to prevent the lifting his Majesty's Subjects to Soldier#. serve as Soldiers, without his Majesty.’s Licence, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Mandat/ Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill; Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported Spirit from t|ie Committee of the whole House, to whom the uence#. gm laying a Duty upon the Retailers of spirituous Liquors, and for licensing the Retailers thereof, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fol. 11. L. 1. Vol. 33.

being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment, made by the Committee, in Fol.

11. L 1. to fill the Blank with " 29th Day of September 1736," being read a Second time;

And the Queliion being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment j

The House divided.

The X ocs went forth.

T*»*

},o.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the said Amendments, as far as Clause A, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

A Meffnge from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Ixirds have commanded us to acquaint this St* Anne House, That the Message, which their Lordships ordered to be delivered to this House on Friday last, was, That \Vatch, &c. the Lords had agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the Parish of St. Anne, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster, without any Amendment:

But their Lordships find, that the Message, theu delivered, was, That the Lords had agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the Liberties of the City of If ’cjtminster, without any Amendment: That the Clerk, in writing down the Title of the Bill, to assist the Memory of the Messengers, omitted, by Mistake, the Words "within the Parish of St. Anncf which occasioned the like Mistake in the Delivery of that Message.

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act New for enabling the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the ^mdfor Borough of Xew Wimifor, in the County of Berks, to repair and maintain their great Bridge over the River of Thames, and the Way thereon, leading from the said Borough of Xezv Wimifor, to Eton, in the County of Bucks, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Removing to enable John Sinclair, eldest Son of Heniy late Lord ^nfc!a,1r ? Sinclair, deceased, to file, or maintain any Ad ion or bvAtuinder. Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into St. Anne Consideration that Part of the Message from the Lords, upon Friday last, in which their Messengers acquainted \vftch&e. this House, That their Lordships have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster, without any Amendment, be discharged.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Poor Law#, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor; and for the more effectualpunching Rogues and Vagabonds; and for reducing the Laws relating to the Poor, and to Rogues and Vagabond?, into One Law.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrou?

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

8 M

6 86

0

15* Aprilis. A. 1736.

Jovisy 15* die Aprilis;

Anno 9° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1736.

Prayers.

Randolph’s OI R George Cafzonll presented to the House, accord-Debt to the O ing to Order, a Bill to enable the Commissioners of Crown. the T,eafiiry, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with Edward Randolph, late of London, Merchant, and his Sureties, a Debt due to the Grown, for Customs for Tobacco: And tire same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Glasgow A Petition of the Gentlemen, Justices of the Peace, improvement. an(j pjeretors, of *he Shire and County of Lanerk, and of the Feuers and Inhabitants of the Village of Gorbells, near Glasgow, in the said County; praying, That the House will be pleased to allow the Petftioners to be heard, by Counsel, against the Bill for continuing the Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth of a Peny Sterling, on each Pint of Ale and Beer that shall be vended or sold within the City of Glasgow, or Villages of Gorbells, and Port Glasgow, and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City and Villages, before it shall pass, and give the Petitioners such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet; was offered to be presented to the House:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition be brought up;

It pa{Ted in the Negative.

A Petition of James Young of Netherfield, Thomas Hamilton of Overton, Andrew Cochran of Brown Cajfle\ John Hamilton of Kype, James Hamilton of Brozvn Castle, John Alston of Overhatt, Michael Cochran of Iiilthead, John Slruthers of Carndufflaw, Thomas White of Wind-hill, Thomas Steill of Burn, Wm. Semple of Heuek, John Steill of Brackenridgs, John Laiorie of Swinftie, Charles Hamilton of Fair holme, Thomas Hutton of Smidie Croft, Charles Werr of Parkjtde, Mr. Archibald Hamilton of Dalzell, Major Gavin Hamilton of Raplock, Freeholders, Justices of Peace, or Commissioners of the Land Tax, and Heretors of the County of Lanerk; praying, That the House will be pleased to allow the Petitioners to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill, before it shall pass, and" give the Petitioners such other Relief therein as to the House Avail seem meet; was offered to be presented to the House:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Supplying The House was moved, That the Petition of Thomas Wkfe1Water. Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Farlington, in the County of Southampton, which was presented to the House upon the Second Day of March last, and ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable Thomas Smith Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Farlington, in the County of Southampton, to supply the Town of Portsmouthy and Parts adjacent, with good and wholesome Water, at his own proper Costs and Charges: And that Mr. Brereton, Mr. Conduitt, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Revell, and Sir Robert Aujlen, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Dean, &c. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ger'i^state" *° ena^e ^e Dean and Chapter of «S7. Peter's, Westminster, to convey a Piece of Ground, with Three Houses thereon, at Knigh/Jbridge, to a Trustee, for the Contributors to St. George's Hospital, and their Successors, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Tyrconnel do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

*7

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Shore'* for Sale of au undivided Fourth Part of the Manor exf Plumpton, and certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Sussex, the Estate of Elizabeth Shore, and her Daughters; and for vesting the Money arising thereby in Trustees, for the same Uses to which the said Estate now stands settled; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. '

Ordered, That Mr. Jexckes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. John Bennet and Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Banks* explaining the Will of Joseph Banks Esquire, deceased; Will, and for impowering several Persons claiming under the said Will to make Jointures and Leases, in such maimer as is therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Aliening Reading of the ingrossed Bill to restrain the Dispositions Lands m of Lands, whereby the same become unalienable, be ^ortma,n* now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third time.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TeHers for bo } ,6.

Tenerrfor.b.N.4^"*^'. } 7o.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be. An Act to restrain the Dispositions of Lands, whereby the same become unalienable.

Ordered, That Mr. Gybbotido carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. John Bennet and Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Earl settling the Estate of William late Earl Cozvper, deceased, to the Uses, and for the Purposes, mentioned in certain lute Articles of Agreement made between William now Earl Cowper, and his Brother, and the Issue of Spencer Cowper Esquire, deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the yorj, Matters of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Elects Election and Return for the County of York.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner Sir Rowland Winn Baronet, and the other Petitioners, whose Petition com-, plains of an undue Election and Return of Sir Miles Stapylton Baronet for the said County, examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to difqua-lify several other Persons who voted for the said Sitting Member at the said Election.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw,

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning* Nine Of the Clock.

9 Geo. II.

687

Vitneris, 16* dit Aprilis;

Anno 9* Georgii IIJi Regis, 1736.

P t AT EM.

f}R DFRE D, That Mr. Lehettp, Mr. Scazcen, Mr.

Trefufis, Mr. Croffc, Sir James Gratify Sir James Campbell, Mr. Hilton, Sir /o^/i Heathcote, Sir 6>#. Ca/tvall, Mr. Alderman WiUimotty Sir Wm. Jolliffe, Mr. Alderman Champion, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Crowle; Mr. Bacon, Mr. fl/rrf, and all the Members who ferre for the County of For A*, he added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable 6V0. Allgood Esqtiire, lately called Cc*o. Smith, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and life tlw Surname of Allgood only, pursuant to the Will of Geo. AUgood Gentleman, deceased, is committed.

Pitt*»Com- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act po^itoii for |0 rnah|e the Guardians and Trustees of Samuel Pitt, iJcretd by *n Infant, to compound with Samuel Pitt, Merchant, Chancery* for a Sum of Mo »ey decreed to the said Infant by the Court of Chancery, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fane, Sir John Rnfiout, Mr. Packer, Captain Martin, Mr. Archery Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir James Grant, Mr. Bacon, Sir Sathanael Carton, Dr. Lee, Mr. Thomas Archer, Mr. Scarce n% Mr. Cotter, Lord Sidney; Beau clerk, Mr. Vercy Mr. Campbell\ Mr. Croffc. Mr. Alderman Champion, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Bladen, Mr. LtmgueiiUe, Mr. Earle, Mr. Turner, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Bram-Jon, Mr. Alderman Willitnoff, Mr. Treby, Mr. Hales, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Hay, Mr. Kent, Mr. Fox, Sir 7%o-mas Hales, Mr. Lcheupe, Mr. Hen. Archer, Mr. Holland, Mr. V< rke, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Brereton, Mr. lJndfvi, Mr. Err/kine; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoou at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Imo# H*r- An ingrossed Bill fr laving a Duty of Two Penics boor, Lc. Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scot* Pint of Me and Ikrr brewed or brought into, and fold, within the Towp of Irvine, and Liberties thereof; and for laying a Duty of One Peny Sterling upon every Ton, or Ten Ilorfe Loads, of (roals carried to the Harbour of the said Town, and ffiipped there for Transportation, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Pcny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer brewed, or brought intoand fold, within the Town of Irvine, and Liberties thereof; and for laying a Duty of One Peny Sterling upon every Ton, or Ten Horle-loads, of Coals, carried to the Harbour of the said Town, and shipped there for Tran fportation.

Ordered, That Colonel Stuart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ptcwrery of Ordered, That Lord John Sackville, Colonel John

Shipwrecks. Campbell, Lord Palmerston, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr.

Longueville, Sir James Campbell, Mr, Hanbury Williams, and all the Members who ferre for the Cinque Ports, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to render the Laws in being more effectual for saving and recovering Ships and Goods wrecked or driven on Shore by Distress of Weather, or otherwise, is committed.

Glasgow An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Duty of Two luprovi went. penjes Scots, or One-sixth of a Peny Sterling, on each Pint of Ale and Beer that shall be vended or sold within the City of Glasgow, or Villages of Garbells and Port Glasgow, and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City and Villages, was read the Third time.

Resolved', That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Duty of Two Pienies

Vol. 22.

Scots, or One-sixth of a Peny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer that shall be vended or sold within the City of Glasgow, and for extending the same over the Villages of Gorbells and Port Glasgow, and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City and Villages.

Ordered, That Colonel Campbell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dtfire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for indemnifying Persons who have Offices and omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or F.mpioy-raents within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify theuifi Ives for Offices or Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, as requires Persons to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments before the End of the next Term or Quarter Seffious; and also for inlarging the Time for making and subscribing the Declaration against Transubstantiation, directed to be made by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of King Charles the Second, for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants; and for allowing further Time for lnrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papirts, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as requires Persons to qualify themselves for Offices bef re the End of the next Term or Quarter Sessions; and also for inlarging the Time limited by Law for making and subscribing the Declaration against Transubstantiation; and for allowing further Time lor lnrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papifis, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Leftpcs.

Ordered, That Dr. Lee do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Illegal Im-a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Port^t,on moil effectual Means to put a ltop to the great and ea* growing Evil arising from the unwarrantable and illegal Methods of importing Tea, and other Goods, into this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir. Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committed

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee,

That they had considered the Matter and Petition to them referred; and had directed him to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for indemnifying all such Persons as have been guilty of unshipping and landing prohibited or uncustomed Goods, or have been aiding and assisting the rein; for Ainforcing, and rendering more effectual, the Laws against the clandestine Importation and Relanding of Goods and Merchandises; for preventing the carrying the same through the Country with an armed Force for the future; akid for protecting the Officers of the Revenue in the legal Execution of their Duty.

And Sir Charles Turner moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for indemnifying all such Persons as have been guilty of unftiipping and landing prohibited or uncuflomed Goods, or have been aiding and assisting the rein; for inforcing, and rendering more effectual, the Laws against the clandestine Importation and Relanding of Goods and Merchandizes; for preventing the carrying the same through the Country with an armed Force for the future; and for protesting the Officers of the Revenue in the legal Execution of their Duty:

And t /

° Aprilis,

688

l9

A. 173

And that Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Dodinglon, Sir Geo. Oxenden, the Lord Sundon, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Scrape, and Mr. Edward Walpole, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do insert a Clause, or Clauses, therein, for indemnifying the Officers of the Revenue, and the Persons who have assisted them in the Execution of their Duty.

Regulating The Order of the Day being read, for the House Election*. ref0jve jtself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament in that Part of Great Britain called England;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Month, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Recovery of The Order of the Day being read, for the House Du eg6 from to re^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Quakers. upon the Bill to enlarge, amend, and render more effectuah the Laws now in being for the more easy Recovery of Tythes, Church Rates, and Oblations, and other Ecclesiastical Dues, from the People called Quakers;

Jle/olved. That this House will, upon Wednesday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the House and Means. ref0|ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Supply Bill; The House resumed the further Consideration of the Licences RePort from ^le Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of spirituous Liquors, and for licencing the Retailers thereof, was committed:

And the rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, being severally read a Second time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for exempting from the said Duty Spirits to be made into the Liquor called Punch, to be retailed and consumed in licensed Public-houses, mixed with Two-third Parts Water at the least, and fold in a certain Quantity, and at a certain Price:

And the Question being put. That the Clause be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the 98.

Tellers for the Noes, jj*' } "3-

So it passed in thfe Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and

Privileges. Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna.19° die A;

Anno 90 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1736.

Prayers.

THE Master of the Rolls presented to the House* Licences fto pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Lands" fn' Account of what Licences have been granted by the Mortmain. Crown, and for what Values respectively, to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, their Heirs and Successors, to alien in Mortmain, and to purchase, take, and hold, in Mortmain, in Perpetuity, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, since the Act, of the Seventh of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of charitable Gifts and Dispositions, to this present time.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sir Charles Jlotham reported from the Committee* Gee’s Estate, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

An Act for vesting the Estate of William Gee Esquire in Trustees, to settle the fame, pursuant to an Agreement made previous to his Marriage with Elizabeth his Wife, Daughter of Roger Talbot Esquire, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Hertford, in the room of Sir Thomas Saunders Sebright Baronet, deceased.

Hertford Writ. v

Mr. Brereton presented to the House, according Supplying to Order, a Bill to enable Thomas Smith Esquire, Lord Porifmomh of the Manor of Farlington, in the County of South- vv,tU Waltjr* ampton, to supply the Town of Portsmouth, and Parts adjacent, with good and wholesome Water, at his own proper Costs and Charges: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the several Prisoners confined for Debtors Debts only in the Gaol of the City of Peterborough, Petition, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Banks’W Act for explaining the Will of Joseph Banks Esquire, deceased; and for empowering several Persons claiming under the said Will to make Jointures and Leases in such manner as is therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Pturner,

Mr. Beaghan, Mr. Scawcn, Mr. Hunger ford, Mr. Bramfion, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. New laud, Mr. Shutlleworlh, Mr. Yorke, Sir James Grant, Dr. Lee,

Mr. Watts, Sir James Campbell, Sir Edmund Bacon,

Mr. Sibthorpe, Sir Hen. Hoghton, Lord Wallingford,

Mr. Gore, Mr. White, Mr. Pollen, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Jefferyes, M,r. Stanhope, Mr. Knight, Mr. Jjongueville, Mr. Alderman Heath cote, Mr. Fere,

Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Gybbon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Stafford, York, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri- Scarborough

vileges Litton.

9 Geo. II. i 90 — 20° . 689

\Urges nml Elections, touching the Election and Return to rCiblve itself into a Committee of the whole. House, for the Borough of Scarborough, in the County of York, upon the Bill to prevent the lifting his Majesty's Siib-bc received upon // cdnefflay Morning ikxL jests to serve as Soldiers, without his Majesty’s Licence,

be now read:

An ingrafted Bill for vetting in John Salim Cicntleman, And the same being read accordingly;

and hi* Heirs a Reversion in Fee of Lands and Heredi- The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

nuuciits, tlicrcin mentioned, in the County of Lancaster, Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

forfeited by Gabriel Ifv/ieth, attainted of High Trcatcm; Mr. Secretary at War took the Chair of the Com-

wa> rend tl'C Third time. mittee.

Rtfolwd, 'Hint the Bill do pals: And that the Title Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

be, An Act for vrtiiuj* in John Sallom Gentleman, and his Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee,

Heirs, a Kevrrfibu in Fecot IjukU and Hereditaments, That they had gone through the Bill, arid made several therein mentioned, in the County of Lancaster, forfeited Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to by Gabriel 1 It firth, attainted of High Treason. report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Ilrereton do carry' the Bill to the Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Lord*, and della* their Concurrence. Morning next.

Suflbrd

tucClKXl.

A Motion being made, and the Question hfeirfg put. That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Petition of Thomas J'arker Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for tire Borough of Stafford, in the County of Stafford;

11 tc House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tclk-ra for the Yws, {'^L]

Tellers for tljc Noes, at War' j m.

So it w as rclbKrd in the’Atttnuative.

frt’i, &c.

West (matter

Nt^kUy

Witch.

Sur.iaf-lia* katdi.

Canibo-

rough

Chirtiu

Improving

ike Sirrctt 6f London.

Rr moving Warn* ’j D.bSiluicj by Attainder.

Lord

CaVcndilVi

ElUie.

Reliefer the Diflrciitd at Can u.

£nlifling of Scidicjs.

A Mcflkgr from the Ixirti--, by Mr. Ifo/Joi'd, and Mr. Kdu ards:

Mr. Speaker,

The L>rds liavc agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better fegtihiting the Nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the Parishes of St. Margaret, and St. John the Evangelff within the City and Liberty of //\ffmbyhr; without aitv Amendment: And also.

The I ends have agreed to tin* Bill, intituled, An Act for repairin'.: the Highways from Sunning-lanc End, next Tvrytbrd tot \u* Old Rear Inn, in Heading, in the County of Kerbs; without any Amendment. And also,

1 he Lord* have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Puiith Chufvli of Gainsborough, in the County of LwcAn; without any Amendment. And alli>,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the b< ttet* enlightening the Streets of the City of London; w ithout any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable ITilliam Murray to liie, or muintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his fuid Attaiudi'r, to* take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may have defeelined or rome to him, since his late Majestys most gracious Pardon, dated the 2< tli of July, in the Seventh Year of his Reign, or that ftnvil hereafter defeend or come to him; without any Amendment. And ullb,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dil-e*'urging the Estate purclmfed by the Trustees of Charles Cavendish Liquire, commonly called Lord Charles Cavendish, from the Traits of his Scttlment; and for enabling tiic laid Trustees to fell and dispolb of the lkine for the Purposes therein mentioned. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more equal paying, and better collecting, certain small Sums for Relief of fliipwrecked Mariners, and distrelfed Persons, his Majestys Subjects* in the Ports of Cadiz and Port St. Mary's, in the Kingdom of Spain, and for other Uses, usually contributed to by the Merchants trading to the said Ports; without any Amendment And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Vol. 22.

A Bill to enable the Commissioners of the Treating, JUndoIph* or the Lord High Treasurer, fof the Tune being, I>bt to tht to compound with Fdirard Randolph, late of London4 Gr®wn* Merchant, and his Sureties, a Debt due to the Crown* for Customs for Tobacco; was read a Second thub.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, reiblvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill*

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House relblvcd itself into a Comftiittee of the Sail-cloth whole House, upon the Bill for giving farther Encou- Mantfatturi n»geinent to the Mantifacture of British Sail-cloth, and for more effectually securing the Duties now payable on foreign Sail-cloth imported into this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Willimtt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Ulllimott reported from the Committee;

That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had heard Counsel in Part for the Petitioners, upon the Petition to them referred, of the Merchants, Owners, and Matters of Ships, whole Names are thereuritd fubfiribed* in behalf of tiiemselves, and all others concerted in the British Navigation; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to* fit again

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, reiblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned fill Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 20° die Aprilis;

Anno 90 Georgii Ildl Regis, 1736.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl Cow-for settling the Estate of William late Earl Cow- per* Estate. per, deceased, to the Uses, and for the Purposes, mentioned in certain Articles of Agreement made between!

William now Earl Couper, and his Brother-, and the I Hue of Spencer Cuziptr Esquire, deceased; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be cofnriiitted to Mr. Hanburij Williams, Lord Gage, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. More, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Scatvai, Sir Abraham Elton, Mr. Bladent Mr. Huxley, Mr. Ashley, Mr. Coffer, Mr. Jenifon, Mr.

Thompson, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Watkyn Wms. Wynne,

Mr. Pelham, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mf. Gildart, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Phillips, Mr.

Lyffer, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Sibthorpe, Lord John Murray,

Mr. Clavering, Mr. Foley, Mr* Longuevilk, Mf. Rojb, g N Lord

Smith's

Name,

Gee’s Ellate,

Debtors

Petition.

Supply Bill;

Spirit

Licences.

Cook's

Name.

Westminster

Bridge.

6qO i 66, JpritJ. i-j$6:

Lord Sundon, Mf. Pigoit, Mr. Plainer, Sir James Grant, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Hates, Lord Charles Cavendish* Mr. Crosse, Mr. Stert, Sir Geo. Wynne, Sir Francis Childe, Mr. Bacon, Sir Chris. Pored I, Mr. Treby, Mr. Life, Sit* Thomas Frankland, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Edwards, Mr. 7/rtj/, Mr. TVilhinfon, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Pliant re, Mr. Bradshaw, Mr. Butler, Colonel LVtf- Mr. Par font, A Jr. Proby, Sir Robert Clifton, Mr. Coppleston; and all the Members who serve for the Counties oi Hertford and and for the Cinque Ports;

Aiid they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Mr. Jenifon reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable George Allgood Esquire, lately called George Smithy and the Hcirg Male of his Body, to take and uie the Surname of Allgood only, pursuant to the Will of George Allgood Gentleman, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had directed him to re-; port the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he , delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ao>! ingrossed Bill from, the Lords, intituled, An Act fofvefting thje Estate of William Gee Esquire inTraftees, to settle the same pursuant to an., Agreement made previous to his Marriage with Elizabeth his Wife, Daughter of Robert Talbot Eiquifej was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed , to.‘th£'feme, without anyAmendment.

A Petition of the Prisoner$ for Debt in the Gaol kept

Rothxvell, \n and for the Liberty of the Honour of Pontcfra&y in the County of York, was presented to the , House, and read; complaining of their^ Distress; And prying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of Spirituous Liquors, and for licensing the Retailers thereof; was read, the Third time.

ReJhlved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

An Act for laying ,a Duty upon the Retailers of Spirituous Liquors, and for licensing the Retailers thereof*

Ordered, That Sir Charles'Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hoi ford and Mr. Edzeards:

Mr. Speaker,

.The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Freeman Esquire, heretofore called John Cooky and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Freeman, pursuant to the Will of William Freeman Esquire, deceased; and also to impower the said John Freeman, and others, to make Leases of the Estates deviled by the said Will; To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge crot’s the River Thames, from the New Palace-yard, in the City of Westminster, to the of-pofite Shore, in the County of Surrey, with lbine Amend-medts: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of ^his House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Cud Amendments;

And the same were once read; and are as follow; viz.

Pr.i. L. 35. After "Richmond," inlert "the most " Noble Henry Duke of Beaufort

Pr. 2. L. 18. After " England," inlert " the Right " honourable Henry Lord Viscount St. John"

1 . L, After u being," inlert " the Right

" honourable William Lord Craven; the Right honourable Charles Lord Baron of Weston, Earl of " Arran, in the Kingdom of Ireland, High Steward of " Westminster, and the High Steward of Westminster k< for the Time being

Pr. 11. L. 28. After " Act," add Clause marked A;

" A: Provided nevertheless, That the Recompence to " be made and paid for, and in respect of, the Interest of " the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury in the I Jorle-ferry " from Westminster to Lambeth, shall be paid to the " Archbishop for the Time beiqg, to be laid out, as

" soon as conveniently may be, in the Purchase of Lande . " of Inheritance, to be conveyed to the said Archbishop,

" and his Successors, to the Use of the said Archbishop,

" and his Successors, for ever; and shall be deemed Part " of the Possessions of the said Archbishoprick, subject " to the Power of leafing the fame, for the heft Rent " that can be obtained for the fame, and for such Term " of Years, or for Lives; and with all other Powers,

" which, by Law, the Archbishop for the Time being " hath over the other Lands belonging to the said Archbishoprick; and in the mean time, and until such Purchase, the Money for such Recompence shall be placed " out by the said Archbishop in some of the publick " Funds, and the Interest thereof shall be applied in the " same manner as the Rents and Profits of such Lands, " when purchased, are to be applied: And as to the Re* " compence to be made and paid for, and in respect of, " the Ihterest of the poor Waibrmen of St. Margaret's, " and St. John the Evangelist, in Westminster, in the Sun* " days Ferry, the Money for the said Recompence shall " be paid to the Overseers and Rulers, Auditors and " Assistants, of the Society or Company of Wherrymen, " Watermen, and Lightermen, upon the River of Thames, " between Grave fend and Windsor, to be laid out by them, " or the major Part of them, in some of the publick " Funds; and the Income, and yearly Produce of the " said Motley to be distributed amongst such poor, aged, u decayed, and maimed, Watermen, and their Widows, " of the said Parishes, in such Manner and Proportion as " shall be thought proper, from time to time, by the " said Overseers and Rulers, Auditors and Assistants, or " the major Part of them;’*

Pr. 13. L. 16, 17, 18. Leave out u or to such other " Person or Persons as shall, for that Purpose, heap-pointed by the said Commissioners, or any Nine or " more of them

L. 27. Leave out " or to fuel}, other Person or u Persons as aforesaid

Pr. 14. L. 19. Leave out " this," and insert<can;" and, after u A£fc," leave out " in that behalf," and insert " intituled, An Act for building a Bridge crols the " River Thames, from the Nezv Palace-yard, in the City " of WeJhmnJ'ter, to the opposite Shore in the County of " Surrey

Pr. 15. L. 18, 19. Leave out of or such other Person " or Persons, as aforesaid

L. 19, 20. Leave out Person or Persons:" L. 24. Leave out " or other Person or Per-

a fons

L. 28. Leave out " or other Person or Persons respectively

L. 36, and 37. Leave out "-or other Person u or Persons;"

L. last, and First of the neU Press, Leave cut " or other Person or Persons

Pr. 16. L, 8 and 9. Leave out " or other Person or " Persons

L. 19 and 20. Leave out " or other Person or " Persons, as aforesaid

L. 29, 30. Leave out " or other Person or " Persons, as aforesaid Pr. 22. L. 37 and 38. Leave out " or other Person or " Persons to be

L. 41 and last, Leave out " or other Pedpn " or Persons, as aforesaid ;M

Pr. 23,

9 Geo. II. lo° — ii

Pr. 23. L. o and 1 o. lxavc out u or other Person or Persons, as aforesaid: "

I- ‘2('\ 27, 28. Ixave out or such other Pcf- son or Persons as shall be appointed, as aforesaid, to rrccive the Money so to l>c contributed as afore*

M said:"

jL. 29. I-cave out therein, " and insert in receiving the Money so to be contributed, as afore*

44 fuid:

L 36 and 37. Leave out or other Person or Persons to be: "

I-aft L. and First of the next Press, Leave out u or other Person or Persons: n

Pr. 24. L. 7. and S. Leave out Managers and Di« u rectors, or the ma jor Part/* and insert Commit* 41 lioners, or any Nine or more: "

L. (). I.cave out applied for," and insert direct: "

I*. 13 and 14. Leave out or such other Person or Persons: "

L. 13 and 19. I/ravc out or other Person or 14 Persons, as aforesaid: *'

L. 20 and 30. Leave out u or such other Per-14 son or Persons, a* uforcCiid: M

Pr. 23. L 33 and 36. Leave out or other Person 14 or Persons to be apj>ointed, as u fore lit id: "

Pr. 26. L. 31. Leave out or other Person or Per-4< fons who (hull, as aforesaid, be:

Pr. 27. L 7 and 8, Ixave out 14 or other Person or Persons to be. appointed, as aforesaid: "

L. 31. After 44 A ft," infort " at such Times, 44 and by such Sums, as the said Commissionurs, or any Nine or more of them, (hull, from time to time, di-4* rect and appoint; such Treasurer or Treassurers first giving Security to the said Commissioner.s or any Nine or more of them, for the due Application of the said Money, and accounting for the fume."

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into further Considerution upon Friday Scvciiniglit

Dehfori A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the

petition. Gaol of Richmond, in the County of York, was prefonted to the House, and read; complaining of their Dicti els: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabic.

:0 dpriliSi 6y i

further to examine Witnesses, arid produced Evidence, in order to disqualHy several other Persons who voted for the said Sitting Member at the said Election.

And then the Counsel were again directed to Withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions be adjourned till Thursddy Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Td-m6mAr Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 ib die j

Anno 9f Georgii IId< Regis, 1736.

Prater!.

A PETITION of the Prisoness confined for Debt in Debtor* his Majesty *s Gaol for the County of Bedford, on Petition, behalf of themselves, and the several other Debtors imprisoned in the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was prefonted to the House, and read; complaining of their Distrefo:

And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cook’i to enable John Freeman Esquire, heretofore called John Name, Cook, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Freeman. pursuant to the* Will of William Freeman Esquire, deceased; and also to impower the said John Freeman, und others, to make Leases of the Estates devised by the said Will; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the subscribing insolvent Debtors, con- Debtor* fined Prisoners in the County Gaol at Morpeth in North- ^duoa. umber I and, was prefonted to the House, and read;..complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven- Sinking nighC resolve itself into a (Committee of the whole House, to eonlider of the Application of the growing Produce of the Sinking Fund.

Olive Oil frd by Clothiers.

Southampton

Election.

York

fciettion.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgrfies, and of the Mtiunfufturers of Stockings. Lindleys, and Manufacturers of Worried and Wool foil Yarn, and otherWool-len Wans manufactured in the Borough of Kirby, in Kendall, in the County of Westmorland, was prefonted to the House, and read; complaining of the Duty upon Olive Oil: And therefore praying for such Relief in the Premises as to the House Dial! feeni most cxp< client.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabic.

The Order of the Dav being read, for hearing, at the Bar of tins House, the Matter* of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Smithampton;

Ordered, That the Matters of the said Petitions be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon this Day Month.

The dther Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of York.

And the Counsel were called in.

J And the CounfcTfor the l\*titioner Sir Rmcland Winn Baronet, and the other Petitioners, whose Petition com- ‘ plains of an undue Election and Return of Sir Myles Sta-pt/lton Baronet for the said County, examined a Witness, in order to disqualify several other Persons who voted for the said Sitting Member at the said Election.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

The Counsel w ere again called in.

And the Counsel for the said Petitioners proceeded Vo*.

An ingrossed Bill to render more effectual an Act, fmportatiok passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty °* Fllh, fcc. King George the First, intituled, An Act for the preventing fresh Eifti taken by Foreigners being imported into this Kingdom; and for the Preforvation of the Fry of Fish; and for giving Leave to import Lobsters and Tur-l>ots in foreign Bottoms; and for the Preforvation of Salmon, within several Rivers in that Part of this Kingdom called England; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; ris.

Pr. 2. L. 40. Alter the/' to insert Thirteenth: "

Pr. 4. L. 8. After 44 by," to leave out any of;

L. 31. To leave out 44 of; "

And the said Amendments were, upon the Questior* severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: 'And that the Title be, An Act to render the Law- more effectual for preventing the Importation of lrclh Fish taken by Foreigners; and to explain so much of an Act, made in the 13th and 14th Year of the Reigq of King Charles the Second, as relates to Ships exporting Fish to the Ports of the Mediterranean Sea, and for the better Preforvation of the Fry of Lobsters on the Coasts of Scotland-Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Pelham junior do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty s Com- Supplying mand, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having Portsmoudi been informed of the Contents of the Bill to enable Tho* Wltil

6 nm

6$i 2id ApriliSi 173

bias Smith Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Far ling ton, Year, entered in the Coirimon Council Book of the said in the County of Southampton, to supply the Town of Borough.

Portsmouth, and Parts adjacent with good and wholefoine In another Entry of which Book, of the same Date

Water at his own proper Costs and Charges, consents, with the Paper, it is mentioned, That the Bailiffs, Rur-

that, as far as his Majesty s Interest is concerned, tins gefes, and Commons, assembled in the Common Ilall,

House may do therein as they shall think fit. did then and there agree, content, and choose Hugh Cfiolm-

Icy Esquire, and William Conyers, Counsel! or, to be Bur-Scarborough *Mr. Ear It, According to Order, reported from the geffes to Parliament; and that Six of the chiefest j'ouiif-

E c ion. . Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it mens Hands were subscribed, dud the Common Seal of

appeared to them, touching the Election and Return for the Town affixed to the Indenture; the Borough of Scarborough, in the County of York, Another Return was also produced, dated 15* Car: 1"^ and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; and lie signed with the Names of Five Persons; wherein the Per-read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Tons returning are tty led u Ballivi, burgesses, ct commu-it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; 44 nitasand Hugh Cholmky Knight, and John Hot ham

and the Report and Resolutions of the Committee are as Esquire, are returned<

follow, viz. And another ancient Paper was produced, alledged to

Upon the Petition of ffit Ham OJbaldeJTon Esquire, and be the Poll taken at the said Election, which has the fol-also the Petition of Robert Robinson Esquire, William lowing Title; 44 Viccffimd die Mdrtii 1639, Oom' Cohro-Forrett, John Harrison, and others, being Members " cat’ circumparliament'and contains the Name£of 44 of the Common Council of the Borough of Scarbo- Persons, Nine of whom appear to lie marked as a blent; rough, in the County of York, severally complaining and, at the End of the Lift, the Names of Ten Persons of an undue Election and Return of the Right ho- are fef down, arid Lines are drawn opposite to each Name, nourable Thomas Hay Eiguire, commonly called and 34 Strokes are drawn crols the Line opposite for Lord Dupplih, to serve in this present Parliament the Name of Cholmky, and 28 crols the Line oppofile for the said Borough; to the Name of IJotham, and fix crols the Line opposite to

The Committee have examined the Merits of this the Name of Hobby, the Letter H being likewisefet Election. - against Six of the Lift of the 44, which Lfit cor ref ponds

The Petitioners Counsel alledged, That this is a fio- with The Lift of the Common Council for, that Year, en- rough by Prescription; and that the Right of Election \ tered in the Con i hum Council Book, dated CrajHno is in the Two Bailiffs, Two Coroners, Four Chamber- Michadis, decirno, quint0 Car. 1039. kins, and Thirty-six Burgesses, which constitute the . And an Entry in anbther Book of the Common Courw1 Common Council, or Common House, of the said Bo- cil, dated Vicesimo die Martii 15* Car. 1639, mentions, rough. That the Bailiffs, Burgesses* and Commons, being aflem-

The Sitting Members Council alledged, That the Right bled in the Common Flail of Scarborough, did then and bf Election is in the Bailiffs and Burgesses of the said there, with one Will, Mind, and Consent, ele£fc and BoVough, resident within the same. choose Sir Hugh Cholmky Knight, and John Hot ham'

On the Petitioners Part, the following Returns were Esquire, to serve for Burgesses for the said Town, produced; viz. Another Paper was like wife produced, dated Scarbo*

36° Edxvardi IIP11: Wherein the Persons returning rough, 25 October 1745> and intituled, 14 Comm unit as. are ftyied " Ballivi ct communitas burgenfium villaJe " burg pred' circa ckclioneniduor' burgenf pro parlid-u Scardeburgh; " which Return is under the Seal of Office " ment\ in locis Hugonis Cholmky Mil, et Johannis Ho-of the Bailiffs of the said Borough. " tham Ar, qui incapaccs redduntur, fyc. fecund' tenoran

Another Return, 7m* Richardi IIdl: Wherein the Per- " precept' vicecom' Ebor burgenf burgi prad' direct'in Ions returning are also ftyied "Ballivi ct communitas bur- " communi aula pradt convocat'; " which Paper contains;

44 gcnfium villa deScardeburgh which Return is under the Names of 33 Persons; and blank Spaces, marked' their Common Seal, and dated in their Common Hall. "ith Eleven Dots, are left at different parts of the Lift, Another Return, 21° Jacobi Iml: Wherein the Persons leaving room for Eleven other Names; and Four of the returning are ftyied Ballivi, burgesses, ct communitas, said Lift are marked as absent; and, at the End of the " villawhereby Hugh Cholmky and William Conyers Lift, are inserted the Names of Eight Persons, with Lines are returned; which Return is subscribed by the Two drawn opposite to each Name; and 28 Strokes are made, Bailiffs, and Forty other Persons. cr°fs the Line opposite to the Name of Sir Matthew Boyn-

And a Paper, found in the Town ChelF, among the son> and 26 opposite to the Nameot Luke Robinson, and Records of the Borough, was produced; which the Pe- Dy° only against the Name of Chaloner; and the Letters titioners Counsel alledged, w’as the original Poll taken at L’h are let against the Names ot 1 wo of the said 33 that Election: Persons.

Which Paper is intituled, And the Lift in this Paper is likewise correspondent with

" For Choice of Burgesses; 20th January 1623 the the Common Council of that Year, entered m

And contains the Names of Persons, distingiiiilied *be Common Council Book, and dated. Crajlino Michaelis as the Two Bailiffs, Two Coroners, Four Chamberlains, 1b45*

and Thirty-six other Persons, divided into Three Clafies; soother Entry of which Book, dated the 25 October

viz. the First, 12; the Second, 12; and the lait, 12; following, it is mentioned, That the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and opposite to each Name are initial Letters, and other an(l Commons, did, with one Will, Mind, free and lull Marks, the Meaning of which could not be explained Consent, elect and choose Sir Matthew Boynton Knight to the Committee; and, at the End of the Lilt, an and Baronet, and Luke Robinson Esquire, to serve as Entry is made in the following Words: Burgesses in Parliament for the said rl own.

" 20 Jan. 1623. Then a Counterpart of the Indenture of Return made,

44 Nomina Petentiu eligi per burgenf in parliarnen by the Bailiffs and Burgesses of the said Town or Borough, t( proxini futur." °? Thomas Chaloner and Eduard Salmon Esquires, as

Underneath which Two Names, viz. Richard Chnlm- Burgesses for the said Borough, was produced, dated Icy Knight, Hugh Cholmley Esquire, seem to have been ,3th Jan. 1658.

wrote, and immediately obliterated. And, from an Entry in the Common Council Bqok, of

And at the Bottom of this Paper, the Words if Villa frme Date, it appears, That the Common Council communitas" are written: and, underneath those, feve^ only voted at that Election; and that there were Five ral other Words and Figures, which seem to have no Rc- Candidates; and that Mr Chaloner and Mr. Salmon were lation to the Poll, and whereof no Account could be chosen by a Majority of the said Common Council, given; but the Names of the Persons therein inierted Then other Returns of the following Dates were pro-agree with the Lift of the Conunon Council for that duced*

iff November

9 Geo. II. 11° Ap 695

10# November ifijo; in tl*e Name of RaUfoi bur-gen fa % et communitas, and signed by Two Bailiffs, Two Coroners, and Thirty-six other Persons, who appeared to be of the Common Council for that Year.

Another Return, dated the 11 lli December lCcy], by the Bailiffs, and umjor Part of the Burgesses, of the said Borough, under their Common Seal.

Auotlicr Return, dated loth Jamt. 1700, in the same Form, and signed by the Two Bailiffs, and 30 other Per-ibns.

Another Return, the 14th May 1705, in the Cime Form, mid signed by tiir. Two Bailiffs, and *24 other Persons; which Pci fous to subscribing the Three loft-mentioned Return^, ap|>car to lie of the Common Council for the ivfptolive Years when those Returns were umde.

Alter which, the following Witnesses were examined; viz.

Matthias Dazriwi, aged 82 Years: Who said, That he iuid known Me,triton.ugh lietwixt 30 and 41) Years: I hut, 43 Years ago, he was employed os Agent for the Ijord Irwin, who, on the Death of Mr. 7Imu/in, ltcxxl a Candidal#* for the said Borough, and was opjwded by Air. J La nan!; That the Witmis was then directed by his Ijordlliipk Friends to make 4 f, ‘ 1 the

Common Cm.nail; and that he nccoidingly lolieited their Votes: '1 lint Mr. Ban ant. finding the Majority oi the Common Council 11 ainU him, gave up the FUciion;

*11 ml onr Jar 1 v (’n la nil wi nt out uj>on the Sands on tl>c Sf-a M».>rit and threw up his Hat, and shouted, 44 A tree VoT« !" but no Pi 1 h*n iniurd with Inin; and that he aflituuhI'i u,*p!if vi to tin land train, and owned him-lei I in the W r» iig. a.ai excufui it: That the fakl Cacke-nil was leading Man in the Town, and was ultcrwurds Bailiff, and One of tin* Common Council.

He further laid, That he v..:> on hnt at another Flection, when Ijord train was elude in the 1 irlt Triennial Parliament; ami t!ut, at both these Elections, none hut the Common Council ofnnd to vote, he being in the Hall whi n they }x>l!ed; andth.it, in the Coimrlation lie had had with unci nt People of the Town, now dead, he hud heard Mi nlion made of a free Vote; blit thut it was ulways with Contempt and D« rilion; anil that he hud his Information from Pe ople of the Ik ft Figure in the Town, who fakl, thut ii had Urn delivered down to them from their Anrrfmrs: That, lor 300 Years, the Members to Parliament had always been chole by the Common Council.

Being croft-examined, he laid, That he never lived at Scarborough but at Fhriion-times; the lougeft Stay lie ever made at One time being Seven Weeks; and that he spoke from the Infix inution ol others, except as to what related to the Flection which he Ill’ll mentioned: That lie never could hear any Grounds for the Notion, entertained in the 'Fowii, of free Votes; but that it was only talked of among the mean fort of People, who grumbled bccauicthcy were not entertained as the Common Council were; but that every one, whom be converted with, told him, that the Right of voting was in the Common Council.

Iking asked, If, wiien he acted as Agent for Lord 7r-&*///, his Convcrfiition was with the Common Council only, he laid. That lie entertained every Body that came, not being limited as to Expence; and that he believed he might entertain the Freemen and Cominon-council-men promifcuoully; but that he w as informed the Freemen never voted.

Jolut KnoulejJey, aged 74 Years, said, That he had known Scarborough Sixty Years: That the First Election which he remembered was in 1684, at which the Candidates were Sir Thomas Slingsby, Mr. Ji m. O/baldeston, and Mr. Thomson; That the Corporation was then governed by a Mayor: That Mr. Thomson, One of the Candidates, attempting to poll the Freemen, the Mayor ordered them to be taken into Culiody for a Riot; and Mr. Thomson loft the Election, and none of the Freemen were admitted to poll;

ihat he was present at Two other Elections; the Vol. 22.

First was for the Convention Parliament, when Mr. Scarborough Thomson and Mr. llarbord were unanimousfy chose; but, Ekthon* before that Election, the Mayor was superic (led, and the Bailiffs again presided: That there was no Contelt utthat Election; but all joined with the greatest Unanimity, licinj* so lately delivered from a Popitn Mayor: That, at the Flcction in 1689, Mr. I fin. Thomson and Mr. Francis Thomson were chose unanimously, no other Persons offering themselves Candidates; and that, at both these Elections, none but the Common Council voted, nor claimed any Right to vote:

That, at the Election in 1705, Mr. Squire, Mr. Thom-fm, and Mr. Hunger ford, flood Candidates; and the Common Council only then voted, the Witness being present in the Hall all the Time, till the Books were lhut up.

Being croft-examined, and asked, If, at the Election for the Convention, the NT nines of any Persons were taken down,

Im Tides the Common Council, he answered, That he believed, thut lie, as well as others, might subscribe his Name to the Return, as W itnesses, which be believed proceeded from nil Excels of Joy at that Time; but that he did not apprehe nd he hud any Right to V ote, nor could he he po-iitive as to his tigning the Return; but that it was not fur want of good-will, if he did not: and that very probably there might not lie Room left for him lo lign; and that there were no Seals against the Names subscribed; and be was sure there were Persons, who signed that Return, thut were neither of the Common Council, nor Freemen: That every one that voted, subscribed his Name; and many others subscribed their Names, that did not \ote.

Upon further Examination, he said, That the First time that ever he heard the Freemen claimed a Right to vote, was at the late Election.

JfiUiam Ctfins, I I’m. Stockdale, and Robert Appleton:

Who spoke to 40, 27, and 20, Years, said, That the Right of Election was always understood to be in the Common Council: That tl>ey had been present at all the Eh Clions during the times to which they severally spoke, some of which Elections were contestecl; and that none but the Common Council ever voted, or claimed to vote* till the last Election: And Cojins also confirmed the Evidence of Daw fan, as to the Tradition of the ancient People of the Town, That the Right of voting had been always in the Common Council for 200 Years.

Then the Petitioners Counsel examined the following W'itnesses, as to Declarations made by the senior Bailiff after the Election.

George Bond and John Kenyan: W’ho severally said,

That they were in Company, among others, ataPublick-house, with John lluntris, the senior Bailiff, who was allied, by a Person in Company, Whether, if lb be the Lord Dupplin had had the Majority of the Commons, he would have polled the Freemen ? That he answered, No:

And, being then allied the Reason why he was lb partial to the Petitioner, as to poll them? he answered, We were pinched; and that w as the Rcalbn.

The Word " Commons" being repeated by most of the W’itncffcs on each Side, in their Examinations, it was explained by all of them to mean the Common Council, or Common House.

On the Part of the Sitting Alember;

The Resolution of the House, 22d May 22AoJac. upon the Report from the Committee of Privileges, touching Cirencester Election, was read; which declares, That, where no Culiom or Charter to the contrary, the Election to be made by all the Iloulholders.

Allb the Journal of the House, 8° Maii} f9 Car.

Regis, touching the Election for Bojion, w as read; concerning which the Question was, Whether the select Number, or Commonalty, were to choose; when it was agreed by the Committee, That the Election of Burgesses in all Boroughs did, of common Right, belong to the Commoners: and that nothing could take it from them but a Prcscription, and a constant Usage beyond all Memory; And it was relblved by the House, That the 8 Q Right

6 94

21° Aprilis.

A. 173

Scarborough Right of ElcQion for thal Borough refteth in the C'om-Election. monalty, and not in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council.

Alio the Journal of the House, 28° Mart 'll, 4* Car. Regis, in relation to the Report from the C ommittee for Privileges for Colchester, was read; wherein mention is made, That there was One Return made, by the Bailiffs, of Sir Thomas Cheeky and Mr. Alfred: That the Bailiffs, Aldermen, and Common Council, confiding of 42, in an Upper Room, read the Writ, and there elected Sir Thomas Cheeky and Mr. Alfred: In a Lower Room, the Commoners, or Burgesses in general, elected Sir Thomas Cheeky and Sir Win, Masham; and the House resolved, That Sir Wm. Ma/ham was duly elected.

Then the following Returns were produced:

310 <§ 330 Car. IIdI: In the First of which 33 Per-foiis are named, and in the latter 34, as Parties to the Indentures; and blank Spaces of Three and Four Lines are left, as if other Names were to have been inserted; after which, follow these Words: <c Ballivi, ct pradtSli . " burgesses, eligcrunt;" and the said Returns are reflectively signed with the Names inserted in the Indentures.

Another Return, 1 °Jac. Ildl, was produced, having the like blank Space as before is mentioned, 26 Persons being named as Parties, who also signed the lame; which Indenture witnesses, " Quod prauifT major et alderm\ " com confil'y et burgaif , eligerunt."

The Petition of Jonathan Broun, Wm. Whitfield, and John Harr fan, on behalf of themselves, and the major Part of the Burgesses and Inhabitants of Scarborough, presented to the house the 26th Day of May 1685, was read; in which the Petitioners complain of the then Mayor’s refilling to poll them, and others, at the then lait Elc&ion; and of his binding several of them to their good Behaviour, pretending that they caused a Riot, when as they only came to claim their ancient Right of Election; which Petition appears to have been referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, and to be indorsed with the Day appointed for the hearing the Matter thereof.

And a Counterpart of a Return, dated the 12th Day of July 16.54, was produced, made by 19 Persons, called Burgesses and Inhabitants of the said Borough, (kc. whose Names being compared with the Lift of the Names of the Common Council for that Year;

It appeared, that the Names of Richard High ton, Ralph Witt yey and Richard Burton, were notin that Lift.

Another Return, dated 11th January 1688, was produced, in which are the Words following: " The Persons whose Names are hereunto written, being the " major Part of the Burgesses of the said Borough, to " whom the Choosing of Members of Parliament for the lt laid Borough, according to the ancient Laws and Cuf-

toms, of Right doth also belong, have chose, and that Return is subscribed with the Names of 84 Per-Ions; under whose Names are several Labels, to which, besides the Corporation Seal, Sixty-four Seals, made by Impressions on Wafers covered with Pieces of Paper, still remain affixed, loine appearing to have been torn, or dropped off.

It was admitted by the Sitting Members Counsel, that Eleven of the Persons, who subscribed this Indenture, do not: appear, by the Corporation Books now' in being, to have been admitted Freemen.

But it was proved by the Town Clerk, that several of those Books are loft; and that One of them was found, ft nee the last Election, in the Custody of a Sailor of the Town.

Another Return, of the 2d Wm, and Mary, was produced, per majorem partem burgen/ium burgi pradiff, et inhabitantc.v, and subscribed by the Two Bailiffs, and Sixteen other Persons, and under those Names 13 Seals are affixed to Labels, in the manner before-mentioned.

And it was admitted by the Petitioners Counsel, that only the Tw o Bailiffs, and Four of those Persons, were of the Common Council; but it w'as observed, that the w ords u et inhabit antes' were interlined, and not wrote with the fame Ink with which the Body of the Indenture wad written.

The several Petitions of Mr. Hungerford, and the Freemen of Scarborough, presented to the House the 9th of November 1705, w ere also read; which Petition of the Freemen lets forth, That Mr. Hungerford was duly cholen by the Electors; but that the Bailiffs of the Borough rcje6ted the Petitioners Votes, upon Pretence that Mr. Thom fan had One Vote more than Mr. Hungerford, by a select Number, insisted on by the said Mr. 1 hvnfon, and allowed by the Bailiffs.

And it appeared that William Mating, One of the present Petitioners, and of the Common Council, did then sign the above-mentioned Petition as a Freeman: And,

Christopher Harrison, being examined, said, That Mr. Malingy difeourfing, feme time before the last Election, concerning the Election in 1705, told the Witness, That he, the said Malingy being spoke to by Mr. Hungerford, he went to the Tow n Crols, and raised a Pofle of Freemen, who went to the Hall, and demanded to be polled; but being refused by the Returning Officers, they w'ent with Mr. Hungerford to a Publick-house, where a Paper was drawn up, and signed by several of them: That, afterwards, there being a dispute among the Common Council, on account of Mr. Hungerford’s intending to petition the House of Commons, to try the Freemen’s Right, Measures were taken by the Common Council, with Mr. Hungerford\ to make that Matter easy.

Then an Entry in the Common Council Book, dated 24 Qctob, 7 Hen. VIII. appointing Persons to assize all the Inhabitants of the Town of Scardeburgh for Parliament Silver, was also read.

And an Entry in the Clause Roll of the 8th Edward IIId, in 31, dorfo, w'as read; whereby it appeared, that a Writ then issued, dirccting the Bail ills of Scarborough to levy upon the Burgesses thereof Shillings, due for the Wages of their Representatives.

A Copy of a Writ, directed to the Mayor and Bailiffs of Scarborough, and entered in the Clause Roll Anno 10° Edzvardi IIP11, in 14. dorfo, was also produced; whereby they w'ere commanded to cause Payment to be made " de communitate villa preedict" to their Representatives, of Shillings, for their Expences for Eleven Days.

From whence the Sitting Members Counsel inferred, that, as all the Burgesses contributed to the Wages of their Representatives in Parliament, they also voted in their Election.

And the following Witnesses were examined:

Anne Gofton: Who said, That since the last Election, one Mr. Stockdale, and Francis Pate, came to her, and told her, That if ftie, or her Husband, w'ould lpeak for the Petitioner, and declare, that the Freemen had never voted, they (liould be wjell gratified; and that her Iiuf-band should be admitted into Greenwich Hospital:

That lhe is 78 Years of Age: That the First Election lhe remembers, was in King Charles the Second s Time, when Sir Wm. ThomJ'on, and his Son, were chose: That the Freemen then voted: That (he saw great Numbers of them go to the Poll, and return back again, and heard several of them say they had polled,

Being asked, 1 f it was a contested Election ? (he answered, It was; or otherwise there would have been no Occasion for a free Vote; and that (he had heard a Talk, several Years, of bringing in the free Votes.

Martha Spicer, aged 76 Years, gave the same Evidence, in relation to that Election, and to the Freemen s Right of voting.

William Hodgson, aged 80 Years, said, That he had known Scarborough Sixty-eight or Sixty-nine Years, and remembered the Election of Sir Philip Mon&on: That Freemen voted at that Election, his Father being One that gave his Vote; and he believed Fourscore or One hundred more might vote like wife; and that, after that Election, the Freemen voted for a great many Years:

That, at the Election in 170.5, none but the Common Council voted, but Mr. Hungerford headed Three or Four

' Score

1

p Geo. II. 2t° Apritis.

rborough Score Freemen; and, there being some iBuftle about ap-10IU plying to Parliament, the Common Council writ to Mr. Hunger ford, and got him to drop his Petition, and they promised to choose him for his Life.

Being cross-examined, he said, That Sir Philip Moncton was chose in 1670; but that no Person stood Candidate besides himself.

Wm. Fox laid the same with Hodgfbn, in relation to the Transactions in 1705; which, he said, had been told him by one Robinson, and Mr. Hungerford himself.

Mary White confirmed Hodgson s Evidence, as to the Freemen voting at the Election of Sir Philip MonEton; and laid, That her Father was a Freeman, and was lent for to vote.

But being asked, If any Persons voted besides the Common Council and Freemen ? her Answer was, That the Freemen voted, and lo did all the Town.

Wm. Cook laid, That he remembered the Election in 1688: That Mr. Thomson, One of the then Candidates, came to his Father, who w as a Freeman, and iolicited his Vote; and he heard his Father lay, that the Freemen were always allowed to vote, and that it had been customary for them to vote, and more of the neighbouring People.

Being cross-examined, he denied that he gave his Vote at the last Election; and said; he never heard there was any other Person of his Name in Scarborough; but, Reference being had to the Poll, the Name of William Cook is there let down as voting for the Sitting Member.

Walter Chapman said, That he remembered the Election 47 Years ago, when Mr. Thomson was chose; and that the Bailiffs, Commons, and Freemen, then voted: That he never heard the Right of the Freemen w as dif-puted.

Being crols-examined, he said, That the Election he (poke of was not contested.

Anne Sedman said, That (lie remembered the Election when the Prince of Orange came over: That her Father, who w’as a Freeman, then polled in the Hail for Mr. Thomson, who had applied to him to vote, and given him Two Guineas, and bid him make the Freemen < merry at his House, which was a Publick-house.

Anne Hall said, That, at the Election about the Year 1690, when Mr. Thomson and Mr. Harbord were chose, the Bailiffs, Commoners, and Freemen, voted, of whom ilie named several; and that they wrere treated at Aic-houses:

That, at the Election the Year after, Mr. Thonfon and his Son Francis were chose, and the Freemen voted then.

Being asked, if there was any Opposition at those Elections, Ihe laid, There was; but that file could not tell by whom.

The Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to lerve in Parliament for the Borough of Scarborough, in the County of York, is in the Common House, or Common Council, of the said Borough, consisting of Two Bailiffs, Two Coroners, Four Chamberlains, and Thirty-six Burgesses only.

Upon which the Sitting Member acquainted the Committee, That, the Right of Election being thus determined, he admitted, that the Petitioner had a Majority upon the Poll.

Thereupon the Committee came to the following Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the opinion of this Committee, That the Right honourable Thomas Hay Esquire, commonly called Lord Dupplin, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Scarborough, in the County of York.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That William Ojbaldeston Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Scarborough, in the County of York.

The Fit ft Resolution, being read a Second time, was, V o l. 22.

upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by thd House.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Sitting Member having been heard in his Place;

And, being w ithdrawn 5

The said R.esolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Third Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Scarborough, in the County of York, by rating out the Name of the Right honourable Thomas Hay, Esquire, commonly called Lord Dupplin, and inserting the Name of William Ojlaldefton Esquire, instead thereof.

A Motion w’as made, and the Question being put, That Motion for the Orders of the Day be now read; Orders of thd

The House divided. Day*

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the } an.

Tellers for the Noes^j*. } 8'2‘

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. 4

Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for WestStaf-inclosing and dividing the Common Fields and Common ^rd cul£ Grounds in the Parish of Wtjl Stafford cum Froom Bel- ie[^lofere< left, in the County of Dorset: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Dav being read, for the House to Recovery of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Du^fr-om* the Bill to inlarge, amend, and render more effectual, Quakers, the Law?s now in being, for the more easy Recovery of Tythes, Church Rates, and Oblations, and other Ecclesiastical Dues, from the People called Quakers;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Bladen took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Bladen reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal’e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon this Day Sevennight.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Poor Laws, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, and for the more effectual punishing Rogues and Vagabonds, and for reducing the Laws relating to the Poor, and to Rogues and Vagabonds, into One Law.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means. x

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee Enlifiing. of of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent the lift- Soldiers, ing his Majesty’s Subjects to serve as Soldiers, without

his

0

o

Debtors Petitions.

West Stafford cum Froom Bellet Inclosure.

Debtors Petition.

Scarborough

Return

amended.

Smith’s

Name.

R-gift y of Sh ps.

21

— 28° A

A. 173

his Majesty’s Licence, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for indemnifying the Persons inlisted, who shall discover the Persons iniilting:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled tip:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And several other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 2° d Aprilis; Anno 9° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1736.

built, to prevent the Frauds and clandestine Sales therein committed, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Randolph’s to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^ebt to the upon the Bill to enable the Commissioners of the Trea- v"rown* fury, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with Edward Bandolph, late of London,

Merchant, and his Sureties, a Debt due to the Crown for Customs for Tobacco, be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednes'day Morning next.

Prayers.

A P E TITIO N of the insolvent Debtors confined in jlx. the County G aol of Cumberland, at the City of Car-lljle, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and Fellow Sufferers, confined in the several Gaols in this Kingdom, and also in behalf of all those, which the Fear of a miserable and starving Confinement, hath cauled to fly to foreign Parts beyond the Seas; and also,

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors confined in Fjher-ton Anger Gaol, in and for the County of Wilts; and also,

A Petition of the Prisoners now confined for Debt in the Sheriffs W ard, or Prison, for the County of Devon;

Were severally presented to the House and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields and Common G rounds in the Parish of West Stafford cum Froom Belief, in the County of Dorset, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in the Marshalsea Prison, was presented to the House, and read y complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attended; and, according to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of Scarborough, in the County of York.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable George A I!good Esquire, lately called George Smith, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and ule the Surname of Allgood only, pursuant to the Will of Geot'ge At!good Gentleman, deceased, was read the Third time.

Refolxedy That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Jenijon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Alderman Willhnott reported from the Committee, to \\ horn the Bill for establishing an Otfice within the City of London, for the regifrring Bills of Sale of trading Ships, and Parts of such Ships and Vessels built, andhereafter to be

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the York Elec-Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an un- don. due Election and Return for the County of York.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner Sir Rowland Winn Baronet, and the other Petitioners, whole Petition complains of an undue Election and Return of Sir Miles Sta-pylton Baronet, for the said County, examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify several other Persons, w ho voted for the said Sitting Member at the said Election; and summed up their Evidence; by which they alledged, That they had disqualified several Persons, as not being assessed to the publick Taxes,

Church Rates, and Parish Duties — Others, as having no Freehold in the Place where they swore that their Freeholds did lie; and, of them, several as having no Estate at all — as beingSchooImasters — ParishClerks — Curates — Hospital-men — Leaseholders, and Copyholders — Others, as not having Freeholds of the Value of 40 Sh. per Annum — as being Minors — as having purclmied their Freeholds within One Year before the Election — as having been influenced to vote by Threats — as having voted twice — One, as being an Alien; and others, whole Votea appear upon the Poll, though there are no such Persons, either in the Places where they swore their Freeholds did fie, or in the Places where they swore that their A bode was.

And then the Counsel were direcded to w ithdraw'.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions be adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till IFcdnesday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 28° die Aprilis;

Anno 90 Georgii IP* Regis, 1736.

Prayers.

fTMi E Order of the Day being read, for receiving Recovery of JL the Report from the Committee of the whole Ecclesastical House, to whom the Bill to inlarge, amend, and render more effectual, the Laws now in being, for the more easy Recovery of Tythes, Church Rates, and Oblations, and other Ecclesiasltical Dues, from the People called Quakers, was committed;

3 Ordered,

9‘Geo. II. 28*^ — ,29

Ordered, That the bid Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being rend;

Randolph’. Ordered, Tint the Report from the Committee of bebi u> the the whole Hoofe, to whom the Bill to enable the Com-trewo- missioners of the Treasury, or the I^>rd High Treaftirer, for the Tune being. to compound with Edward Randolph, late of London, Merchant, and his Sureties, a Debt due to the Crown, for Customs for Tobacco, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Cluck.

Jovisy 2 90 die Afrilis;

Anno 9* Georgii II41 Regis, 1736.

Prateks.

A ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act jCx. for incK/sing and dividing the Common Fields closure. and Cominod Grounds in tin; Parish of West Stafford cum Froom Bellclt, in the County of Dorset, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. luiroche, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Shipper Mr. Leheup, Sir Charles Turner, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Ijongucville, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Gore, Mr. I'yner, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Griffith, Sir James Grant, Sir Roger Bradjhatgh, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Pi umpire, Mr. Wtd-lafon, Mr. Hay, Sir Henry Gough, Sir Hum, Monoux, Sir ll w. Heathcote, Mr. Glanvi/le, Lord Middle]? x, Mr. Thompftm, Mr. Sandys. Lord Morpeth, Colonel Howard, Mr. Grenville, Sir Geo. Ca/wa/l, Mr. Henry, Mr. Bacon, Sir Chrijbpher Pourll, Mr. Hales, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Trefufis, Mi*. White, Mr. Coder, Lord Wallingford, Mr. Crtffc, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Edwards, }Ar. Towti/kend, Mr. Packer, AIx. Archer-, and all the Members who serve for the County of Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Aprilis. 697

r

Polhiti, Mr. Packer, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Pitt, 1

Lord Galhvmj, M r. Crowle; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bucks and Oxon, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Hem Fox, Mr. Earle, Mr. John Selwyn, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Brereton, be added Cowpefi to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Estate <*f William late Earl Cow/jer, deceased, to the Uses, and for the Purposes, mentioned in certain Articles of Agreement made between William now Earl Cowper, and his Brother, and the Issue of Spencer Cowper Esquire, deceased, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent the lifting his Majesty's Entitling of Subjects to serve as Soldiers, without his Majesty'^ Soldier*. Licence, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent the lifting his Majesty's Subjects to serve as Soldiers, without his Majesty's Licence.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary ar War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, repotted from the Committee of the whole House, to whotb Crown, the Bill to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with Edward Randolph, latte of London, Merchant, and his Sureties, a Debt due to the Crown, for Customs for Tobacco, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which tiiey had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report hi his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

BaaVs* Mr. Saiidys reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for explaining the Will of Joseph Banks Esquire, deceased; and for impowering several Persons, claiming under the said Will, to make Jointures and Leases, in such manner as is therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to . the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Cook^ An ingrossed fiifl from the Lords, intituled, An Act taar. to enable John Freeman Esquire, heretofore called John Cook, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Freeman, pursuant to the Will of William Freeman Esquire, deceased; and also to impower the said John Freeman, and others, to make Leases of the FJlatte devised by the said Will, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Waller, Mr Foley, Mr, Bramston, Mr. H anbury Williams, Sir Wat kin Vrms. Wynne, Mr. Watts, Mr. Longueville, Sit James Grant, Sir Wm. Loir liter} Mr. Chelwynd, Mr* Griffith, Mr; Lyttelton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Archer, Mr. Laroche, Me. Sandys, Mr. Harry Waller, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Leveson Gower, Lord Gtenorchy, Mr. Trefnfis, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Cojler, Mr Bertie, Colonel Anjlruther, Mr. Crosse, Mg. Gybbon, Mr. Brerelon, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Glanuilfe, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Mordaunt, Mr. Compton, lord Morpeth, Lord Charles Cavendish, Lord Wallingford, Mr.* Lockwood, Mr. Town/kend, Sir Christopher Poivcll, Mr. Fox, Mr. Vox. 2Z

Resolved, Kemine contradicente, That an humble ?n

Addrfts be prefimted to his Majesty, to congratulate of6,he Prince his Majesty upon the Nuptials of his Royal HighneL of Wale*, the Prince of Wales-, and to express the Satisfaction, and great Joy, of his faithful Commons, of) this happy Occasion, which they look upon with unspeakable Comfort, as the Means, under the Divine Providence, of giving an additional Strength to the Protestant Interest, and of securing to all future Ages the Laws and Liberties of this Nation in the full manner weuow happily and thankfully enjoy them, under the Protection of his Majesty’s jifli and mild Government over his People.

Ordered, Thfit the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Resolvetd, Nemiiic contradicente. That the House do Coogratul*. congratulate tier Majesty on these happy Nuptials. - ^on ,0 the.

Ordered, That the1 Lord Marquis of Carnarvon, Mr. p »^D 1 t . Toxvnjkend, the Lord Glenorchy, the Lord Palmerston, Nuptial*.

Sir Francis Boynton, Sir Thomas Lozvther, Sir Arthur Forbts, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Stephen Fox, Mr. Campbell of Petfibrokejkire, Mr Hanbury Williams, and Mr. IVol-lajtdn, do attend her Majesty with this Congratulation.

1

Rejoiced, Nemine eontradken/e, That a congratulatory Menage to Meflkge be sent to their Royal Highnesses the Priuce J^ePrince cm and Princess of Wales, on this joyful Occasion. 18 upt,a,‘

Ordered, That the Earl of Middlesex, Mr. Talbot,

Mr. Grenville, the Lord John Murray, Mr. Compton?

Colonel Howard, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Henry Arthur Herberts Mr. Thomas Pelham junior, Mr. Whitmore, Mr.

Thomas Archer, Mr. Tracey, and Mr. John Seluyn, do attend their Royal Highnesses with tlib said Message.

8 P Ordered,

6$8 29 — 30®

Princtis of Ordered, Kemine contradicente, That a Bill be brought

Wales’* in for exhibiting a Bill, in this present Parliament, for Kat* naturalizing her Royal Highness the Princess o(Wales: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and the Lord Sidney Beauclerk, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

plint The Order of the Day being read, for hearing, at the EJeakra. Bar of this House, the Matter of the Petition of Sir John Glynn Baronet, complaining of an uudue Election and Return for the Borough of Flint;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House upon this Day Month,

Norfolk Ordered, That the Matter of the Petition of the

Election. Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of Norfolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and a great Number more of the Freeholders of the said County, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, be heard at the Bar of this House upon this Day Three Weeks.

Princess of Ordered, That the Bill for exhibiting a Bill in this

WaWs present Parliament for naturalizing her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales be now received.

Mr. Attorney' General accordingly presented to the House the said Bill: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be now read a Second time.

The Bill was read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed*

The other Order of the Day being read;

York Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of

Election, the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of York, be further adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

Princess of An tngrossed Bill for exhibiting a Bill, in this pre-Wales’s sent Parliament, for naturalizing her Royal Highness ^at* the Princess of Wales, was read the Third time.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for exhibiting a Bill, in this present Parliament, for naturalizing her Itoyal Highness the Princess of Wales.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carfy the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

t And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris^ 30* die Aprilis\

Anno 9* Georgii Ildl Regis, 1736.

Praters. . s

Lord A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Middleton’s for making effectual what has been agreed betwixt

greement. viscount Middleton, '}#, the Kingdom of

Ireland, and his Four Nieces; and for the securing the Payment of Ten thousand Pounds, agreed to be paid them; and to enable him to make, good the Agreements in his Marriage Articles; was read a Second time.

Resolued, That the Bill be committed to M r.Doding-ton, Mr. Lcheup, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Banks, Lord Glenorchy, Lord Palmerston, Sir Thomas Read, Mr. Monson, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Cornezvall, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Gore, Mr. Windham, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir James Grant, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Bathurfi, Colonel Duckett, Mr. Far, Sir Miles Stapyl-ton, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Laroche, Sir Win. Jolliffe, Mr. Sandys, Lord John Sacville, Mr. Coplcfton, Lord Charles Cavendish, Dr. Lee, Mr. RamJ'den, Sir Wilfrid Law-fort, Mr. Butler, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Cojler, Lord Middlesex, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Beaghan, Mr. Vyner, Mr.

Aprilis. 1736.

Bradjhaio, Sir George Cajlvall, Mr. Jjongueville, Sir Robert Aujlen, Colonel Bladen, Sir Charles Mordaunt,

Mr. Ojbaldeston, Mr. Plumptre, Sir John Barnard, Lord Barrymore, Mr. Archer, Mr. Bailey, Mr. Hay, Mr.

Henley, Mr. A/hley, Mr. Walker, Mr. Trefufis, Lord Wallingford, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Brajfcy; and all the Alembers who serve for the County of Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the poor Prisoners confined for Debt in Debtor* the Gaol of the Hundred of Penwith, in the County of Petition. Cornzoall, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousand others in the like deplorable Circumstances in this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Banktf for explaining the Will of Joseph Banks Esquire, deceased; and for impowering several Persons claiming under the said Will, to make Jointures and Leases, in such manner as is therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Rq/blved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into WeAminfte? further Cousideration the Amendments, made by the Bridge Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Nexv Palace-yard, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Air, Comptroller reported to the House, That their Answer t* congratulatory Address of Yesterday had been presented Addre,t’ to his Majesty; to which his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

I give you my Thanks for this dutiful and affectionate Address; and am very glad, that the Care I have taken in the Alarrrage of my Son gives my People such universal Satisfaction; arid I look upon it as a new Mark of the Affection of the House of Commons, which I have to often experienced upon other Occasions.

The Lord Marquis of Carnarvon acquainted the Qu^n', House, That the Gentlemen appointed to attend her Answer to Majesty with the Congratulation of this House, had Congratola-attended her Majesty accordingly; and that her Majesty t,on* was pleased to say:

That lhe was very sensible of the Zeal of the Commons for the King and the Royal Family, on ali'Occasions, and of their Attachment to them; and that ftie did not in the least; doubt, but they had a considerable Share in the present Joy*

The Earl of Middlesex acquainted the House, That Prince and the Gentlemen appointed to attend their Royal High-nesses the Prince and Princess of Wales, with the con- Meflkge. gratulatPry Message sent from this House, had attended their Royal Highnesses accordingly; and that their Royal Highnesses were pleased to give this Answer:

We both return our Thanks to the House of Commons, for their congratulatory Compliments.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Commissioners of the Randolph’ Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time Debt to tl being, to compound with Edward Randolph, late o(Ix>n- Cn>"u* don. Merchant, and his Sureties, a Debt due to the Crown, for Customs for Tobacco, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury,

or

— 5* Mail. 699

9 Geo. II. 30° Aprilis.

or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with Edward Randolph* late of London, Merchant, and his Sureties, a Debt due to the Crown, for Custom* for Tobacco.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lord?, and desire their Concurrence.

Sinking Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

tuml. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of die Application of the growing Produce of the Sinking Fund, be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the SorplutVes Hated at Lady-day 1735, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Surpluses flated at Michaelmas 1735» he referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Tamer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Wart Ordered That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Humphry Bell, the surviving Assignee of the Estate and F.ffefls of William Ellins and Edmund Farrington, agai.'ift whom a Commission of Bankruptcy issued, was referred, be referred to this Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Net Produce of the additional Stamp Duty granted for the Relief of the Suitors of the Court of "Chancery, with an Observation in rt-spect to the Application thereof, be referred to this Committee.

Ordered, That the State of the Deficiency of Mr. Dormer^ Mr. Barren, Mr. Conway\ and Mr. Godfrey, late Masters in Chancery, and of what has been Received in Part thereof; and the State of the present Deficiency of the Suitors Money in the Court of Chancery, be referred to this Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Kesolution; which they bad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Recovery of Colonel Bladen, according to Order, reported from

Duw^iom^ ^Ie Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Uuenlarge, amend, and render more effectual, the Laws now in being, for the more easy Recovery of Tythes, % Church Rates, and Oblations, and other Rcclefiaftkal

Dues, from the People called Quakers, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill 1 and which they had directed him to report to th% House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to Some of them, agreed to by the House.

Vo l. 22.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for giving Power to Persons Blinking themselves aggrieved by the Determination of the Justices of the Peace, to appeal to the Judges of Affi2e for the County wherein such Determination shall be made:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks: which were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

T«!lm for U. Yea*, } .6a

Tellers for the Noes, jj/j}*,®* J 60.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, foil-cloth at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for

S'ving further Encouragement to the Manufacture of ritffo Sail-cloth; and for more effectually Securing the Duties now payable on foreign Sail-cloth imported into this Kingdom.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunct, 30 die Mali j

Anno g* Georgii II41 Regis, 1736.

Prayers,

MR. IIanbury Williams reported from the Commits Earl tee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, CowpeP. intituled, An Act for settling the Eftaie of William late E Earl Copper, deceased, to the Uses, and for the Purposes, mentioned in certain Articles of Agreement made between William, now Earl Cowper, and his Brother, and the lfi’ue of Spencer Coutptr Esquire; deceased, wa4 committed. That the Committee had Examined the Allegations of the Bid* and found , the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had disefted him to report the Bill to the House; without ahj Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.; /

A Petition of the Prafoners confined for Debt in the Debtor. Sheriff's Ward at Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, Petition, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House, accord- Offence, ing tb Order, a Bill for indemnifying Persons who fiaye against been guilty of unlawful importing Goods and Merchant Custojrand dtees into this Kingdom, upon the Terms therein men- Ltwl, tioned; and for inforcing the Laws against such Importation for the future: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from Sinking the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Fund, ferred to consider of the Application of the growing Produce of the Sinking Fund, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio wet h; viz>

Resolved,

7°°

3° Ma

Supplying Portsmouth with Water*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That> out of the Monies arisen, or to arise, from the Surpluses, Excesses, or overplus Monies, commonly called the Sinking Fund, there be issued, and paid, to the South Sea Company, the Sum of One million, to* wards redeeming such Part of their whole increased Capital, as is now commonly called the New Joint Stock of South Sea Annuities, and for redeeming a proportional Part of the Annuities attending thereon.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was^ upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to iby the House.

Ordered, That jt be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for enabling his Majesty to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Six hundred thousand Pounds, to be charged upon the Surplusses, Excelfes, pr overplus Monies, commonly called the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament, that they do insert, in the said Bill, aClause or Clauses, pursuant to the said Resolution.

A Bill to enable Thomas Smith Esquire, Lord of Ithe Manor of Farlington^n the County of Southampton, to supply the Town of Partfinpitih, and Parts adjacent, with good and wholesome Water, at his own proper Coils and Charges, wa£ read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brerir ton, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Fane, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bradjhcrw, Mr. Tracey, Sir Christopher Powell, Brigadier Handajydc, Colonel Onflou), Sirjchn Heathcote, Sir John Rujhbut, Colonel Sehvyh, Mr. Banks, Sir Robert Aujten, Mr. Smelt, Captain Evans, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Archer, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Cornezvall, Mr. Fox, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Croiele, Lord Gage, Mr. OJbaldyston, Mr. Mountagu, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Sc awe n, Mr. Holden, Brigadier Campbell, Sir Charles Wuger, Mr. Bvtves, Mr. Ashley, Mr. Longue-ville, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Edward Bacon, Mr. Cindering, Admiral Cavendish, Mr. Alderman WiUimott, Mr. Cartwright,.Mr. Cojler, Mr. Lockxooood\ Mr. Tor tie, Mr. Laroche, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Wallafion, Sir Wm. Heathcote, Sir Charles Turner\ Mr. Cocks, Sir Orlando Bridgman, Mr. Corbett, Sir James Grant, Mr. Plnmptre, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Conduitt, Mr. Scrape, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Polhill, ^fr. Secretary at Mr. Ho are, Sir Geo. Cafwall\ and, ' all the

Debtors

Petition.

of Chancery in 1726, for so much of his Debt and Demand then due from One of the Masters of the said Court, as yet remains unfat isfied.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by inserting, between the Word u from" and the Word " One " these Words " John Bennet Esquire:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved^That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended, That the several additional Stamp Duties granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, be continued from the Second Day of Attguft 1742, to the Second Day of August *746, in order to raise the Sum of Eleven thousand Four hundred and Eighty-five Pounds Four Shillings and Five Pence, to make Satisfadllon to Humphry Bell, the farriving Assignee of the Estate and1 Effects of Jf7/« harn EUins and Edmund Farrington, against whom a Commissioni of Bankruptcy issued. Suitor of the Court of Chancery in 1726, for so much of his Debt and Demand then due from John Bennet Esquire, One of th£ Masters of the said Court, as yet remains unsatisfied.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in Upon the said Resolution: And that Sir Charles Turner, Sir JW/b Barnard, and Mr. Scrope, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. J :[l

A Petition of several of the Clergy of the County of Surrey, in behalf of themselves and Brejthren, was presented to the House, and reacj setting, forth, That, since they have been heard, by their Coppfol, in relation to the pill, now depending in this House, tojnlacge, amend, and render more effectual, the Laws/OQWjiA being for the more easy Recovery of^Tythes, Chi^eh Rates, and Oblations, and other Ecpfefiastical I>qie^, from the People called Quakers, the Petitioners have been informed of several new Clauses and Proy^ons that have been inserted in the said Bill, which die Petitiooerp conceive to, by very prejudicial so the Rights of themselves, and the other Parochial Clergy: And therefore praying. That they may be ad^ftitt^d to be heard, by their Counsel, in relation tp, the said new Clauses ana Prpvilions, before they receive/the fiiid Assent of this House, ./,; .

Members who serve for the County of Southampton: ' Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tafefcj

And hhey: are to meet this Afternoon, a^ Five of the Cldck, in die Speaker’s Chamber. f }'

A Petition of the ihfolvent Debtors confined1‘in his Majesty’s Gaof, the Caftfo Of Lincoln, w£s presented* to the House, and read; complaining of their pistress;

And praying Relief.

Ord^red^YM^X the said Petition do lie upon the Tafble.

Ways and Means.

fin

V Sir Charles Tumer, according to Ordpr, reporte^ from the Committee, of the whole House, to* wfiopa it referred to confidei* further of Ways arid Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That several additional Stamp Duties granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, be continued from the Second Day of August 1742, to the Second D^y of August 1746, in order to raise the Sum of Eleven thousand Four hundred and Eighty-five Pounds Fopr: Shillings and Five Pence, to make Satisfaction to Humphry Bell, the surviving Assignee of the Estate and Effefls of William Filings, and Edmund Farrington, against whom a Commission of Bankruptcy issued. Suitor of the Court 20

An ingossed Bill to iplarge, amend, and' render mor^ effectual, the Laws now ip being for the more eafv Re-csO^epy of Tythes, Chutch Rates, and Oblations, and other Ecclesiastical Dues, from the People called Quakers, was read the Third time. ‘ r *.

The Amendments following were feteVafly proposed to be made to the Bill 5 viz. . t \\

! Pr. 4. L. 35. To leave out(i th^f’ and inferf "a 1 ?iL: 36 TEb leav^ Oht'of, and insert ♦‘'ekceediWg:" V !

Pr. 5. L. 4. After u that," tp iqfert Vj^Jrora jand " after^hefeid 24th Day of June :*' 4 " ,

Pr. 9. L. 6. To leave out " their/’ and inferf ft his,

L? 10. After <c Affixes," to mfert c< or

lions

L; n. After " County," to insertct o^l,lace:4, L. 19. Td leave out " Affile," and inferf Assizes or Sessions 2"

L. 21. To leave out u Manner," and fnfeH w Way:" r '

Pr. ro. L. 13. After w that," to insert from ani} " after the said 24th Day of June0 J Pr. 13. L. 25 After M contained," insertCf and'di-ft redted to be done, by Two Justices of the Peace

L. 2S. To leave out " the," and insert

u such

L. 29* To leave out " before herein con-cc tained." ,

'And

9 Geo. IL

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed toby the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, ] i64*

Tellers for the Noes, Thomas Gore:}

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act for the more easy Recovery of Ty thes,

701

Church Rates, and other Ecclesiastical Dues, from the People called Quakers.

Ordered, That Mr. Glanville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Secretary at War acquainted the House, That Army he had received his Majesty’s Commands to lay before Extra*, this House, an Account of Extraordinary Services and Expences incurred, Anno 1736, not provided for by Parliament.

And he presented the same to the House.

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Account is as* follows; viz.

3® Mali.

An ACCOUNT of the Extraordinary Expence of supernumerary Men in the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, and Eight Marching Regiments of Foot, reduced Anno 1736, but not provided for by Parliament, beyond the 24th of December 1735; and also of the Charge occasioned by reducing and fending back Eight Regiments of Foot to the Kingdom of Ireland; viz.

For the Subsistence of 1,520 private Men reduced in the Three Regiments of Foot Guards,' £. s, d. and Eight Marching Regiments of Foot, from the 25th of December 1735, to the respective Days of Reduction, both inclusive - ..... 1,290 18 74-

Bounty Money paid to the said Men, at the time of Reduction - - 621 15 —

Allowance for their Swords, being 3$. per Man _ - - - 228 — —

----- S49 15 —

Deficient Off-reckonings of the said reduced Men, from the 25th of December 1735 to the respective times to which their Off-reckonings are assigned ... 2,452 9 — y

Total for English Regiments - - - 4,593 2 8

For the full Pay of Eight Regiments of Foot sent back to Ireland, according to the old Numbers on the English Establishment, from the 25th December 1735, to the respective Days of Reduction inch £. 41. 13. 10. per Diem

each - ....

Full Pay of the said Eight Regiments, according to Irish Numbers upon English Pay, from the respective Days of Reduction in England, to the respective Days of their landing in Ireland, exclu. at £. 27. 5. 6. per Diem each -Bounty Money allowed the said Regiments ac the time of Reduction Allowance to the diflbanded Men, for their Swords, at 35*. per Man, to

3,120 Men....

Deficient Off-reckonings of reduced Non-comm iflioned Officers, and private Men, from the respective Days of Reduction to the 24th of June 1736, being the time to which the Off-reckonings are assigned -

15^55° *9 10

6,100 18 — 1,281-----

468-----

2,993 4 9

Total for the Irish Regiments - - - 26,394 2 7

To make gpod a Contraft with 'Thomas Revell Esquire, for erecting and building, in Gibraltar, new Storehouses, to contain the Victualling for the said Garrison....

3°,987 5 3 12,000 — —

£- 42,9*7 5 3

War Office,

Whitehall, May the 3d, 1736.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. John Bennet and Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker*

Purry'* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Nat. for naturalizing David Purry,\yith some Amendments:

To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Irvine The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act arbour, &c. for laying a Duty of Tw o Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer brewed, or brought into, and fold, within the Town of Irvine, and Liberties thereof; and for layinga Duty of One Peny Sterling upon every Ton, or Ten Horse-loads, of Coals carried to the Harbour of the said Town, and ftiipped there for Transportation; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sail-cloth

Aanufu&ure

The Order of the Day being read, for the House tp Vo I.. 2%

Will. Yonge.

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for giving further Encouragement to the Manufacture of British Sail-cloth; and for more effectually securing the Duties now payable on foreign Sail-cloth imported into this Kingdom;

Ordered, That the Account of what English Sailcloth hath been exported, from Christmas 1729 to Christmas 1734; together with an Account of the Bounty paid thereon; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Value of the Woo|Ien Manufactures exported to Rujfiay from Cliifl mas 1724 to Christmas 1734; distinguishing each Year, and what Ports are included in the said Account; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of foreign Sail-cloth imported into England, from Chri/lvras 1729 to Christmas 1734; distinguishing each Year; with an Account of the Duty paid for the same, and what Quantity has been re-exported j be referred to the said Committee.

8 Q Ordered,

Poor Laws.

Fegiftry of Ships.

Pitt’s Com* position for Money decreed by Chancery,

iirl Cow-Estate.

Supply Bill Duty on Stamped Vaptr, fe

702 3* — 40 Mail 1736.

Ordered, That the Account of all the Goods and Merchandizes imported at the Port of London, and the Out Ports, from Russia and the Eall Country, from Christmas 171$ to Christmas 1734; distinguishing each Year 5 be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Willimott took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Willimott reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Hearing of Coun-fel for the Petitioners, upon the Petition to them referred of the Merchants, Owners, and Mailers of Ships, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and all others concerned in the British Navigation; and had also heard Counsel for the Bill; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor; and for the more effectual punishing Rogues and Vagabonds; and for reducing the Laws relating to the Poor, and to Rogues and Vagabonds, into One Law.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for establishing an Office, within the City of London, for the registering Bills of Sale of trading Ships, and Parts of such Ships and Vessels built, and hereafter to be built, to prevent the Frauds and clandef-tine Sales therein committed, was committed, betaken into Consideration upon Wednfday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 40 die Maii;

Anno 9- Georgii IP1 Regis, 1736.

Pit A vers.

MR. Fane reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Guardians and Trustees of Samuel Pitt, an Infant, to compound with Samuel Pitt, Merchant, for a Sum of Money, decreed to the said Infant by the Court of Chancery, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Estate of William late Earl Cozvper, deceased, to the Uses, and for the Purposes, mentioned in certain Articles of Agreement made between William now Earl Cozvper, and his Brother, and the Issue of Spencer Cozvper Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hanbury Williams do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Scrope prefenled to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing, for the Purposes therein mentioned, the additional Duties upon stamped Vel-

lum, Parchment, and Paper, laid by an Act, paded in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Scrope prefen ted to the House, according to Supply Bill; Order, a Bill for enabling his Majesty to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Six hundred *UD<1‘ thousand Pounds, to be charged upon the Surpluses,

Excesses, or overplus Monies, commonly called the Sink-ing Fund, redeemable by Parliament; and for the further Disposition of the said Fund, by paviugoffOne million of South Sea Annuities: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. John Beimel and Mr. Lighlboun:

Mr. Speaker, k

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Princrfsof for exhibiting a Bill, in this present Parliament, for na- Naturalizing her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act offices^ for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify Employ themselves for Offices within the Time limited by Law; meatt* and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as requires Persons to qualify themselves for Offices before the End of the next Term or Quarter Sessions; and also for in-Jarging the Time limited by Law for making and subscribing the Declaration against Transubftan fiat ion 7 and for allowing further time forlnrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for indemnifying Persons who have beed guilty ounces of unlawful importing Goods and Merchandizes into a^inst this Kingdom, upon the Terms therein mentioned; ^5®"^ and for inforcing the Laws against such Importation for the future; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of Mary Hill, Wm. Welsh, Richard Seale, Debtor* Mary Fletcher, Uriah Adams, John Godden, Daniel Petitions. Crone, Walter Coleman, Abigail Coleman, Daniel Yeoman, Alexander Andrezvs, John Gundry, Thomas Dicker,

Robci't Warner, Mary Goodzvin, John Franks, Thomas Knight, John Cutts, Thomas Selden, John Jejfenj, John Barbie, Wm. King, John Goodfellow, Richard Higgins,

Thomas Osborne, Waller Parker, Wm. Parker, John Knight, John Harris, Edward Hoivard, Thomas Derick, Wm. Abraham, John Cooper, John Selven, Wm.

Pike, Thomas Bofzvell, the poor Debtors now in the Prison of the County Gaol of Southampton; and also,

A Petition of the several Prisoners confined for Debt in the County Gaol and Town Gaol of Cambridge, and in the Gaols of Ely and Wisbech, in the same County, in behalf of themselves, and Thonfands of others confined for Debt in the different Gaols of this Kingdom;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress,: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

M r. Alderman Willimott, according to Order, reported Sail-cloth from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Manufaflun forgiving further Encouragement to the Manufnftureof British Sail-sloth; and for more effectually securing the Duties now payable on foreign Sail-cloth imported into

this

9 Geo. II. 40 — 50 Mali.

703

this Kingdom; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Kill, ami which they had directed him to report to the 1 Ionfe; and he read the Report in his Place 1 and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerics Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one hv one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Ohe of them was disagreed to, and the rest wen*, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the llotife.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. John Bennet and Mr, IJghthoun:

Mr. Speaker,

Sapply Bill; The I.ords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act iTrcncct ^or *a-vmK a Duty upon the Retailers of spirituous IJ-nr, lief’ quors; and for licensing the Retailers thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

Ixwnrth *The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Iw lofujc. for dividing and inclosing the Common Field and Plots of Commonable Land*, and for dinting the Common or Heath, in the Manor of Ixworth, within the Parish of Incorlh, in the County of Suffolk, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers w ithdrew.

The other Order of the Day l>eing read;

York The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of York.

Then the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member Sir Miles Stapylton Baronet were heanl.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdn.vr.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions be adjourned till this Day Seven-night

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 50 die Maii;

Anno 9* Georgii II41 Regis, 1736.

Prayers.

Piu*« Com- A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Do(ition for to enable the Guardians and Trustees of Samuel

creTdbv* Infant, to compound with Samuel Pitt, Mer-

Cfitocery. chant, for a Sum of Money, decreed to the said Infant by the Court of Chancery, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Hill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

PanVt The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Nat. Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing David Purry.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 1. Leave out " bcfeecheth," and insert " beseech

L. 6. After44 Switzerland insert and John " Antony Mei'le, Son of Antony Merle, by Jfabella his Wife, born at Montpelier in France."

L. 9. Leave out "his," and insert "their:" L. 16. Leave out " he," and insert they L. 17. After " Purry" insert " and John Antony Merle\ ' and, in the same Line, leave out t( is," and insert " are

L. 20. Leave out 44 a and, in the same Line, leave out Subject," and insertct Subjects

Vo L. 2$.

L. 2r. Leave out be is," and insert " they

44 are

L. 2 v Leave out lie," and insert they;* and, in the same Line, leave out was," and insert were;" and, in the same Line, Leave out11 a

L. 26. Leave out Subject," and insert "Sub- jests: "

L. 29. After Purry" insert "and John u Antony Merle" and, in the same Line, leave out " is," and insert " are

L. 39. Leave out his," and insert91 their L. 40. Leave out14 Heir, " and insert "Heirs ;M and, in the same Line, leave out " his" and insert " their

Pr. 2. L. 5. Leave out* him," and insert them:"

L. 8. 1-eave out " he," and insert " they L. 14. Leave out " he," and insert 99 they;" and, after Purry" insert " and John Antony Merle L. 19. Leave out 44 he," and insert "they L. 20. After Purry" insert and John 99 Antony Merle

L. 21. Leave out 44 a

L. 22. I.eave out44 Subject," and insert Sub-

" jests:"

L. 29. After Purry" insert and John Antony Merle, or either of them

L. 30. After Member" insert "orMem-

44 bers:"

L. 34. Leave out himself," and insert 4* themfrlves

L. 3 5. Leave out him," and insert44 them,

44 or either of them

At the End of the Title aid w and John Antony 44 Mm/c."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Gore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Complaint being made to the House, of a printed Privilege — Pamphlet, intituled, A Bill for suppressing Geneva ofp^eeU1by laying a Duty on spirituous Liquors; and for iDgs#

44 licensing the Retailers thereof; London, printed in 41 the Year 1736."

The same was brought up to the Table: Where the Title, and some Parts thereof, were read.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire into the Printer and Publishers of the said printed Pamphlet; and to make Report thereof to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Earle, Mr. Nod, Mr. Gyb~ bon, Mr. Sandy s, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Fydell, Sir John Heathcote, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Longueville,

Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Archer, Mr. Yorkc, Mr.

Tracy, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Drummond, Sir Wm.

Clayton, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Chetwynd,

Mr.] IPhitworth , Mr. Fane, Sir Jos. Pennington, Sir Roger Brad/haigh, Captain Fa lie, Mr. Kent, Mr. Finch,

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Thomfun, Mr. Walker, Mr. Butler, Sir Geo. Cajwell, Lord Glenorchy, Sir Chris. Powell,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir Miles Stapylton, Sir James Grant, Sir Nath. Curzon, Mr. Thomas Archer,

Sir Wm. Heathcote, Mr. Laroche, Dr. Cotes, Mr. Pelham, Master of the Rolls, Mr. Pturner, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Roxeney, Mr. Coder, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Crosse, Sir Charles 1 Pager, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Leheuj), Mr. Pitt, Colonel Bladen:

And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said printed Pamphlet be referred to the said Committee.

A Bill for enabling his Majesty to borrow any Sum or Su^ipn^;^l11 Sums of Money, not exceeding Six hundred thousand Fuad? Pounds, to be charged upon the Surpluses, Excesses, or

overplus

704 . 5° Mal 1736.

overplus Monies, commonly called the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament; and for the further Disposition of the said Fund, by paying off One million of South Sea Annuities; was read a Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill; A Bill for continuing, for the Purposes therein men-Stam^ed11 ^one<^> the additional Duties upon stamped Vellum, Pape?, C&c. Parchment, and Paper, laid by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, was read a Second time.

ResolvedJYh at the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Com* ftiittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ro>'a^/rent A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, to 1 a* Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty, in the House of Peers;

And, being returned 5

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty, in the House of Peers; and that his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of spirituous Liquors; and for licensing the Retailers thereof: An Act for exhibiting a Bill in this present Parliament for naturalizing her Royal Higlmefs the Prin-cefsof Wales:

An Act for reviving and continuing the Acts therein mentioned, and for explaining and amending a Clause in an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for making the Laws for repairing the Highways more effectual, relating to the appointing Scavengers in Cities and Market Towns, and the ordering the Assessments for the repairing and cleansing the Streets therein r

An Act for indemnifyng Persons who have omitted to qualify therfiselves for Offices within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as requires Persons to qualify themselves for Offices before the End of the next Term or Quarter Sessions; and also for inlarging the Time limited by Law for making and subscribing the Declaration against Transubstantiation; and for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees.

An Act for more equal paying, and better collecting, certain small Sums, for Relief of Shipwrecked Mariners and distressed Persons, his Majesty *s Subjects, in the Ports of Cadiz and Port St. Mary's, in the Kingdom of Spain; and for other Uses usually contributed to by the Merchants trading to the said Ports;

An Act for the better enlightening of the Streets of the City of London:

An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Gainsbo-rough, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the Parish of St. Paul Covent Garden, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster:

An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the Parish of St. Anne, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster:

An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the Pardhes of St. Margaret, and

St. John the Evangdijt, within the City anff Liberty of Westminster:

An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace acting for the Western Division of the County of Kent to purchase a convenient Piece of Ground for building a Gaol for the laid County; and for impowering the said Justices to apply Part of the County Stock of the said Division towards the same:

An Act for enabling the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgessi s, of the Borough of New Windfor, in the County of Berks, to repair and maintain their great Bridge over the River of Thames, and the Way thereon leading from the said Borough of NezO Windsor to Eton, in the County of Bucks:

An Act for making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Tenth Year of the Reign' of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other of the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George \lie First, for repairing the Road from Highga/e Gate-house, in the County of Middlesex, to Barnet Block-house, in the County of Hertford; and the Road from the Bear Inn in Hadley, to the Angel in Enfield Chace; and for amending Cane-zvood Lane, leading* from Highgale to Hampjlead\ in the said County of Middlesex:

An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Henley Bridge in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a Place called Milestone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County;

An Act for continuing the Term and Powers gran ted by an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Rieign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways from Crown-comer, in the Town of Reading, leading by and trough the several Parishes of Shin fie Id and Heck field, in the several Counties of Berks, Wilts, and Southampton, to Basingstoke, in the said County of Southampton:

An Act for repairing the Highways from Sunning-lane End, ne*t Tioyford, to the Old Bear Inn, in Reading, in the County of Berks:

An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer brewed, or brought into, and fold, within the Town of Irvine, and Liberties thereof; and for laying a Duty of One Peny Sterling upon every Ton, or Ten Horse-loads of Coals,; carried to the Harbour of the said Town, and shipped for Transportation:

An Act for settling the Estate of William late Earl Cowper, deceased, to the Uses, and for the Purpo&s, mentioned in certain Articles of Agreement made between William now Earl Coxcper and his Brother, and the I ffue of Spencer Core per Esquire, deceased;

An Act to enable Harry Earl of Stamford, and Harry Gray Esquire, commonly called Lord Gray, Son and Heir apparent of the said Earl, to make a Settlement upon the Marriage of the said Lord Gray, notwithstanding his Infancy:

An Act for impowering the Trustees named in the Will of Thomas late Earl of Pembroke and Montgomery to lay out the residue of his personal Estate in the Purchase of such Lands and Hereditaments as in this Act are mentioned:

An Act for discharging the Estate purchased by the Trustees of Charles Cavendish Esquire, commonly called Lord Charles Cavendish, from the Trusts of his Settlement; and for enabling the said Trustees to sell and dispose of the fame, for the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for Exchanging of Lands between Sir John AJlley Baronet, and the President and Fellows of Quee?i 3 College, in Cambridge:

An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of St. Peter's Westminster, to convey a Piece of Ground, with Three Houses thereon, at Knightsbridge, to a Trustee, for the Contributors to St. George's Hospital and their Successors:

An Act for making effectual Articles of Agreement touching the Estates late of Roger Noioell the elder, of 0 Read,

-2L

Geo. IL 5° Man. 7°S

Read% in the County of Lancqffer% Esqilire, hnd Roger Aon ell lr« Son, lying in the same County, and in ilie County of York, and vetting the said Estates in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts, and other Pur-]>oses therein mentioned:

An Act for Sale of an undivided Fourth Part of the M anor of Plumpton, and certain I^ands and Hereditaments, in the County of Sttffex, the Eftato of Elizabeth Shore, and her Daughters; and for vetoing the Money enfing thereby in Trullees, for the same L ies to which the said Estate now funds settled:

An A«’i for vacating the Grants and Settlements of certain Manors, I*ands, and Tenements, made liy George Parker Esquire, upon the Marriage of Francis his Son with Jacquctle his now \\ ife; and for settling other Lauds intoend thereof:

An Act for vetoing the Equity of Redemption of all the I-ntids oflnheritanre, and Lenfehold Estates, late of Charles Bentley Esqtiire, deceased, lying in the County of //'orcester, in Trustees, to lie fold, for Payment of his Debts, and making some Provision for Penelope his Widow, and Charles and Pcnelnj>c, Infants, his Son and Daughter:

An Act for vetoing the Etoate of William Gee Esquire, in Trustees, to settle the fame, pursuant to an Agreement made previous to his Marriage with Elizabeth his Wife, Daughter of Reger Talbot Esquire:

An Act for explaining the Will of Joseph Banks Esquire, deceased; and for impowering several Persons claiming under the said Will to make Jointures and I.cases, in such manner as is therein mentioned:

An Art f >r inclosing and dividing the Common Field, called A <!>nninfcr Common Field, Common Pastures, and other Common Grounds, in the Purifli of Alderminster, in the County of Worec/hr:

An Act for dit iding and inclosing the Common Field, and Hots of Commonable Lands, ami for stinting the Common or Heath, in the Manor of Iruorfh, within the Pa. ill of 11north, in the County of Suffolk:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and \\ utoe-grounds, called Slankham and Sold ridge C< mmons. in the Parish of Old Alraffoni, in the County of Southumjdon:

An Act to enable Charles Herbert Esquire, now called Charles Sheffield, and his Itoiie, to take and use the Surname of Sheffield, pursuant to the Will of John late Dll've of Buckinghamshire and Normanby, deceased.

An Act to enable Reginald Lygon Esquire, other-xvife Pyndar, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take upon him and them the Surname and Arms of Lygon, pursuant to the Settlement of Wm. Lygon Esquire, deceased:

An Act to enable William Berkeley Esquire, now called W/n. Pori man, and his HTue Male, to take and use the Surname of Port man only:

An Act to enable Robert Kendall Esquire, now called Robert Cater, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Cater:

An Act to enable John Shales, commonly called John Barrington, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and life the Surname of Barrington, pursuant to a Settlement made by Sir Charles Barrington Baronet, deceased:

An Act to enable George Allgood Esquire, lately called George Smith, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Allgood only, pursuant to the Will of George Allgood Gentleman, deceased:

An Act to enable Robert Philips Esquire, and his I fine Male, to take and use the Surname of l.ee, pur-fuaiit to the Will of Robert Lee Esquire, deceased:

An Act to enable John Gilbert Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Cooper, pursuant to the Will of John Cooper, of Thurgar ton, Esquire, deceased:

An Act to enable John Sinclair, eldest Son of Henry late Lord Sinclair, deceased, to fne, or maintain any Action or Suit, tiotwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Yol. l2sL

Attainder, to fake or inherit any real or personal Edaie that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him:

An Act to enable William Murray to fife, or txiain-tain any Action or Suit, not withstand trig his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit ady teal or personal Ktlate that may have defeended or come to him since his late Majesty's most gracious Pardon, dated the Twentieth of July, in the Seventh Year of his Keigo, or that shall hereafter defeend or come to him:

An Act for naturalizing Frederick Fclthufen.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take WestminMf into further Consideration, the Amendments, made by Bridge; the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge cross the It iter Thames, from the NezvFalact-yard, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry.

And the First Ameiidment, made by the Lords, to the said Bili, was read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Justice Reeve, and Mr. Jutoice Denton:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Princess of naturalizing her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales: Wale* Nat. To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the Horise proceeded in the further Considera- Westminfttt tion of the First Amendment, made by the Lords, to Brid^t. the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the S\no Palace-yard, in the Cit v of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey:

And the Journal of the House, of the 19th Day of

May 1662, in relation to the Proceedings of the House upon the Report from the Conference had with the Lords, upon the Amendments to the Bill for Highways, was read:

And the Journal of the House, of the 21st and 23d Day of December 1678, in relation to the Proceedings of the House in the Consideration of the Amendments made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting a Supply to his Majesty of £..06,462:17:3, for the efieftu.il paying off, and difbatiding, all the Forces raised or brought over from foreign Parts into this Kingdom, since the 29th of September 1677, and to the Reason*, agreed by the House to be offered at a Conference to he had with the Lords, for disagreeing to several Amendments, Inadeby the Lords, to the fai'd Bill, was al lb read:

And the Journal of the House, of the 9th Day of May 1698, in relation to the Reasons, agreed to by the House to be offered at a Conference with the Lord.?, for disagreeing to some of the Amendments, made by their Lorddiips, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for creating Hospitals and Workhouses within Hie Town of Colchester, in the County o{Essex, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof, was also read:

And the Journal of the House, of the 29th Day of March 1710, in relation to the Reason, agreed to by the House to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to the Amendment, made by the Lords, to' the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining and making more effectual the Act, of the Fourth and Fifth Years of her Majesty's Reign, for the better enabling the Mailer,

'Wardens, and Assistants.of TrimtyAwufeto rebuild the Light-house on Edistone Rock, was aH‘o read.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House doth agree wrth the Lorda in the First Amendment, made by their Lordships*, to the' said Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas* went forth.

£ R Telle*

©Qr Laws,

Begiftry of Shipa.

Offence* *gainst Cyfinm and Excise Laws.

Pxincefs of Wale*’ Nat.

WefiStaflord cum Froom Bellett fuclosure.

Debtors

Petition*

706

-6' Mail

M ij 16.

Tellers for the Yeas, j

11 60.

}..6,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the rest of the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, toere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Sundon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, and for the more effectual Punching Rogues and Vagabonds; and for reducing the Laws relating to the Poor, and to Rogues and Vagabonds, into One Law.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for establiftu’ng an Office within the City of London, for the registering Bills of Sale of trading Ships, and Parts of such Ships and Vessels, built, and hereafter to be built, to prevent the Frauds and clandestine Sales therein committed, was committed, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of unlawful importing Goods and Merchandize into this Kingdom, upon the Terms therein mentioned; and for enforcing the Laws against such Importation for the future.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be now read a Second time.

The Bill was read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be now read the Third time.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, Nemine conlradicente, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

JovtS) 6° die Maii;

Anno 9* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1736* Prayers.

ORDERED, That Sir John Heath cote, Mr. Hooper> Mr. More, Mr. Coplestone, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Turnery Sir Wm.Jollife, Mr. Compton, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Bance, Colonel Duckett, Mr. Siert, Mr. Courteney, Mr. Goddard, Mr. Fox, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields and Common Grounds in the Parish of West Stafford cum Froom Bellett, in the County of Dorset, is committed.

A Petition of the poor Prisoners imprisoned for Debt within the Gaol of the Corporation of Beverley, and also of the poor Prisoners imprisoned for Debt within the Liberty of St. John's of Beverley, or Beverley Hall Garth, in the County of York; and also.

A Petition of the poor Prisoners confined for Debt Deblow in the County Gaol of Monmouth, on behalf of them- Petition, selves, and many Thousand others confined for Debt in the several Gaols in this Kingdom;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to he upon the Table.

Notice being taken of a Mistake of the Transcriberi ip Account the Account of what Licences have been granted by the withdrawn Crown, and for what Values, respectively, to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, their Heirs and Successors, to alien in Mortmain, and to purchase, take, and hold, in Mortmain, in Perpetuity, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, since the Act of the Seventh of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of charitable Gifts and Dispositions, to this present Time, presented to the House upon the 19th Day of April last;

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Account, in order to the presenting a perfect Account.

Ordered, That Sir James Campbell, Mr. Longueville, Supplying Mr. Halket, Mr. OJbaldeJion, Mr. Turner, be added to Portimooth the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Thomas With ^ater; Smith Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Farlington, in the County of Southampton, to supply the Town of Ports mouth, and Parts adjacent, with good and wholesome Water, at his own proper Costs and Charges, is committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Ptut, es^n upon the Bill for continuing, for the Purposes therein pape^ mentioned, the additional Duties upon damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, laid by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, be now read:

And the same being read accordingly 5

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same*

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for giving further Encouragement Sail-cloth to the Manufacture of British Sail-cloth; and for more Manufacture, effectually securing the Duties now payable on foreign Sail-cloth imported into this Kingdom, \vas>ead the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, to make the Act temporary:

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up:

And then the Clause was read the Third time:

And, upon the Question put thereupon, was agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 7. After "foreign," to insert "made:"

L. 23. After " foreign," to insert " made:"

L. 41. After " foreign/1 to insert " made Pr. 4. L. 28. After " foreign," to insert "made:"

L. 33. After u foreign," to insert "made'/’

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers

9 Geo. II. 6° — 7

Tellers for the Yea

Teller, for tUe Noet, j] 40.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: Ami that the Title be, An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture of British Sail-cloth, and for the more effectual securinjj the Duties now payable on foreign Sail-cloth imported into this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman WiliimoU do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire tluur Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. John Bennel and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

Vitre*! The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Efeie. for gale Gf pgrt of £(|a|e iate of Thomas Faux, Esquire, deceased, for discharging his Debts and Incumbrances; To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mtffengers withdrew.

Maiu 707

Lords the ingrossed Bill for naturalizing David Purry, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported Supply Bill j from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing, for the Purposes therein men* paper; &c. tioned, the additional Duties upon stamped Vellnni, Parchment, and Paper, laid by an Act, nafled in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being rend; ttfjflrjr Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to *?* whom the Bill for establishing an Office within the City of Ijoruion, for the regiliering Bills of Sale of trading Slops, and Paris of such Ships and Vessels built, and hereafter to be built, to prevent the Frauds and claiidestine Sales therein committed, was committed, be taken into Confederation upon this Day Fortnight

Oflenew Refalvcd, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-

Cun om and re^ve *^1 hito a Committee of the w hole House,

ExciseLawt. l, Pon the Bill for indcmnifving Person* who have been guilty of unlawful importing Goods and Merchandize into this Kingdom, upon the Terms therein mentioned, and for enforcing the Laws agaiuli such Importation for the future.

V»uxf* Ordered, That Mr. livhert 1 lucks have Leave to

make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock: And he moved the House accordingly: Aud,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Ellate late of Thomas Vaux Esquire, deceased, for discharging his Debts and Incumbrances, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vitneris, j° die Maii;

Anno g* Georgii II41 Regis, 1736. Praters.

Lord 4*R. Dodington reported from the Committee, to

Middle on* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti-

*Tten*ent# tuled, An Act for making effectual what has been agreed between Allan Lord Viscount Middleton, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and his Four Nieces, and for the securing the Payment of Ten thousand Pounds agreed to be paid them, and to enable him to make good the Agreements in his Marriage Articles, uas committed. That the Committee had examined, and found, that the Orders of the House, concerning Notices to be given in Ireland, before any private Bill, relating to Estates there, be brought in, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk $ Table.

Purry's Nat. Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Gore do carry to the

Vol. *2.

Mr. Laroche reported from the Committee, to Well whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, int ituled, pr3^d cur* An Act for incloting and dividing the Common Fields ^Ueu In-and Common Grounds in the Parish of iVeJl Stafford cloture. cum Frocm Belieft, in the County of Dorfel, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given taeir Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill iu at the Clerk's Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve it (elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling his Majesty to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Six hundred thousand Pounds, to be charged upon the Surpiuffes,

Kxcefles, or Overplus-monies, commonly called the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament; and for the further Disposition of the same Fund, by paying off One Million of South Sea Annuities,

Ordered, That it be an luliruftion to the said Committee, That they have power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Coni* mil tee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speukcr resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles \Turner reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Earle reported from the Committee appointed Pnvfteg*; to inquire into the Printer and Publishers of a printed A Per,0J1 Pamphlet, intituled, "A Bill for suppressing Geneva, f^Prevaby laying a Duty on spirrtuous Liquors, and for ricatlon.

<c licensing the Retailers thereof; London, printed in the Year <736;" and to make Report thereof to the House, That Abraham Hive had been examined by the said Committee, and had prevaricated in his Evidence.

Ordered, That the said Abrahdm Ilive, having prevaricated in his Evidence before the said Committee, be taken into the Custody of tire Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. John Bennet and Mr. Allen .-

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for ReeflfenY naturalizing John Reeffen: To which the Lords desire is*t' the Concurrence of this House.

13 And

7°8

7°~io° Mali.

A. tj$$.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Pooi Laws. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, and for the more effectual punishing Rogues and Vagabonds; and for reducing the Law$ relating to the Poor, and to Rogues and Vagabonds, into One Law;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill

The other Order of the Day being read; agJnftC4 The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Custom and whole House, upon the Bill for indemnifying Persons EscifcLaws. who have been guilty of unlawful importing Goods and Merchandize into this Kingdom, upon the Terms therein mentioned; and for enforcing the Laws against such Importation for the future.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole l louse, to consider further of the said Bill.

ReefTei'j

Nat

Ordered, That Mr. ttorfemohden Turner have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Six of the Clock: And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Reejfen, was read the First time; Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunay 10° die Mail;

Auno 9° Georgii II" Regis, 1736.

Prayers.

THE Master of the Rolls presented to the House, L;cmef^ pursuant to their Order of Thursdcty lad, An aliening Account of what Licences have been granted by the Lands in Crown, and for what Values respectively, to any Per- MortDliD-son or Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, their Heirs and Successors, to alien in Mortmain, and to purchase, take, and hold, in Mortmain, in Perpetuity, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, since the Act, of the Seventh of King William the Third, intituled.

An Act for the Encouragement of charitable Gifts and Dispositions, to this present Time.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

An ACCO UNT of what Licences have been granted by the Crown, and for what Values respectively, to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, their Heirs and Successors, to alien in Mortmain, and to purchase, take, and hold, in Mortmain, in Perpetuity, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, since the Act, of the Seventh of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of charitable Gifts and Dispositions, to this present Time.

zi May^K.Wm. \ IIP, Pat. Part 8.

11.

22 May, ZK. Wm. ( IIId, Pat. Part 2d, J

N

i3-

j^July,\oK.Wm IIId, Pat. Part 2d, N° 1.

21 Feb. 10K. Wm. IIP, Pat. Part 6 N° 17.

25 July, 10 Wm IIId, Pat. Part 8 N° r.

13 OH. 11 Wm IIId, Pat. Part 3 N° 9.

8 Ayr. uK.Wm. IIP, Pat. Part 4. N- 9.

16 June, 13 Wm. f IIId, Pat. Part 3. \ K°9 I

ao Feb. 4 K. Wm. IIId, Pat. Part i K*6.

».C.

d’l Sf 1

":1

11 Feb. iQ Anne, K Pat. Part. 2. \

A Licence granted to the Master, Fellows, and Scholars, of St. John's College, in Cambridge, to purchase, in Mortmain, from Sir Samuel Grirnston Baronet, and his Heirs, the Manor of Wotlon Rivers, in Wilt-shire, as also, over and above the said Premises, any Manors, Messuages, or other Hereditaments, not exceeding the clear yearly Value of A Licence granted to the Principal and Scholars of Brazeiunofe College, in Oxford, to purchase, in Mortmain, from Sir Samuel Grirnston, and his Heirs, the Manor of Thornhill, in Wiltshire, and a Moiety of the perpetual Advowson of the Church of Wotlon Rivers; as also, over and besides the said Premises, any Manors, or other Hereditaments, not exceeding the clear yearly Value of -

A Licence granted to the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Borough of Tewkesbury, to purchase, in Mortmain, Manors, and other Hereditaments, not exceeding the clear yearly Value of -A Licence granted to the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty, of the City of Norivicli, to purchase, in Mortmain, Manors, and other Hereditaments, not exceeding the clear yearly Value of -A Licence granted to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of Romsey, to purchase, in Mortmain, Messuages, and other Hereditaments, not exceeding the clear yearly Value of -

A Licence to the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty, of the Town of Deal, to purchase, in Mortmain, Manors, and other Hereditaments, not exceeding the clear yearly Value of -

A Licence to the Provost and Scholars of King's College, in Cambridge, to purchase, in Mortmain, Manors, and other Hereditaments, not exceeding the clear yearly Value of ——

A Licence to the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in foreign Parts, to purchase, in Mortmain, Lands, Tenements, Advowsons, and other Hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly Value of - -

A Licence granted to Lezvis Maidzvell Esquire, to erect a School, to be called The Royal School of King Wm. the IIId, founded in the House of Lezvis Maidzvell Esquire, in the Parish of St. James, Westminster; and divers Persons are appointed to be Governors after the Death of the said Maidzvell, and are impowered to purchase, in Mortmain, Manors, and Hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly Value of A Licence granted to Thomas Wilson, Clerk, Vicar of the Parish of Bake-well, in the County of Derby, to hold, in Mortmain, any Lands in Taddinglon, in the Parish of Bakezoell aforesaid, of the yearly Value of £.24. as also any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, foas the whole Purchase annexed to the said Vicarage exceed not the yearly Value of -

Particular Moiety of an Advowson.

£. s.

1,000 -

Particular Lands, and Moiety of an Advowson.

1,000 ~ — 200 — — 1,000 — —

5oo-----

100 — —

500-----

2,000-----

3,000 —

60 —

*3

Mar.

7°9

9 Geo. II. ia° Maii.

23 Mar. 3 Q.Anne, C A Licence granted to the Master and Fellows of Qonville and Caius College, Pat Part. 2. 4 ia Cambridge, to hold, in Mortmain, to them, and their Successors, for

ever, all Advowsons of Rectories and Vicarages, and also all Manors, and other Hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly Value of 15 July, 2 Q. Armey t A Licence granted to the Mailer, Wardens, and A Aidants, of the Tanners Pat. Part. 4- \ Company, to purchase, in Mortmain, Manors, and other Hereditaments,

not exceeding the yearly value of -2sAugust,2Q.Anne, f A Licence granted to the Mayor, capital Burgesses, and Assistants, of the Pat. Part. 5. £ Borough of Wareham, to purchase, in Mortmain, Manors, and other Hereditaments not exceeding the yearly Value of -

26 Ap. 3d. Q. Anne, fA Licence granted to the Wardens and Commonalty of the Dyers of Lon-Pat. Part id. \ don, to purchase, in Mortmain, Lands, and other Hereditaments, not

exceeding the yearly Value of-....

26 Ap. 3 Q. Anne, V A Licence granted to the Governor and Company of the Mine Adventurer^ Pat. Part 2d. [ of England, to purchase, in Mortmain, Messuages, Mines, and other

Hereditaments, in Wales, not exceeding the yearly Value of 23 June, 4 Q. Anne, f A Licence granted to the Mayor and Burgesses of Glastonbury, to purchase, Pat. Part 2d. i£ in Mortmain, Manors, and other Hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly

Value of.....-

23 May, 4 Q. Anne, CA Licence granted to the Mailer and Fellows of Corpus Ckristi College,

Pat. Part 3d. ( and The Blessed Virgin Mary, in Cambridge, to purchase, in Mortmain,

all Advowsons of Re&ories, Vicarages, c$c. of whatsoever Value, not exceeding Ten in Number, and also all Manors, and other Hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly Value of....

18 June, 4 Q. Anne, f A Licence granted to the Reftorand Scholars of Exeter College in Oxford,

Pat. Part 3d. £ and their Successors, for ever, to purchase, in Mortmain, all Advowsons

of Re&ories, Vicarages, &;c. of whatsoever Value, not exceeding Ten in Number, and also all Manors, and other Hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly value of ——

10 May, 5 Q. Anne, f A Licence granted to the Mailer, Fellows, and Scholars, of Sidney Suffer Pat. Part 3d. £ College, in Cambridge, to purchase, in Mortmain, for themselves, or in

Trull for them, all Advowsons of lle&ories, Vicarages, not exceeding Ten in Number, and all Messuages, Lands, and other Hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly Value of ——

25 July, 5 Q. Anne, f A Licence granted to the Amicable Society for a perpetual Assurance, to Pat. Part 5 £ purchase in Mortmain, Manors, and othei Hereditaments, not exceeding

the yearly Value of -

17 November, 6 Q. f A Licence granted to the Bailiffs, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, Anne, Pat. Part 1. £ of the Company of Weavers of London, to purchase, in Mortmain, Lands,

and other Hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly Value of 9 Jan. 6 Q. Anne, C A Licence granted to the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Citizens, of the Pat. Part. 2d. \ City of Carlisle, to purchase, in Mortmain, any Manors, and other Hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly Value of -12 Jan. 6 Q. Anne, C A Licence granted to the Mayor and Burgesses of the Borough of Stafford, Pat. Part 2d. £ to purchase in Mortmain, to, or to the Use of, or in Trull for, them,

and their Successors, any Manors, and other Hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly Value of -

2 July, 6 Q. Anne, f A Licence granted to the Master, Wardens, and Company of Ironmongers, Pat. Part 4. 1 of London, to purchase, in Mortmain, to them, and their Successors, in

or as near to, the City of London, as may be, any Lands, or other Hereditaments, to be by them settled according to the Will of Sir Robert Geffrye Knight, not exceeding the yearly Value of - -

24 Ap. 7 Q. Anne, f A Licence granted to the Mayor, Citizens, and Commonalty of the City of

Pat Part iff. £ Imdon, and their Successors, to purchase, in Fee, or for Term of Lives

or Years or otherwise, in Trust, or for the Benefit of St. Bartholomew s and Bethlem Hospitals, |any Manors, Reftaries, or other Hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly Value of £. 3,000 over and above the yearly Value of 1,000 Marks for the Use of Bartholomew Hoijpitaf, and £. 2,000, for the Use of the Hospital of Bethlem - -

24 Apr. 7 Q. Anne, C A Licence granted unto the Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Pat. Part ill. £ Goods of the Hospitals of Edward the Vlth, King of England, of

Christ's Bridewell, St. Thomas, and their Successors, to purchase, in Mortmain, in Fee, for Term of Life, Lives, or Years, or otherwise, any Manors, Re&ories, and other Hereditaments, not exceeding in the whole, the respective yearly Sums following; viz. £. 4,000 per Annum for the Benefit of Christ's Hospital aforesaid; £. 2,000per Amum for the Benefit of Bridewell Hospital aforesaid; and £. 3,000 per Annum for the Benefit ,of St. Thomas's Hospital aforesaid -

17 June, 7 Q. Anne, f A Licence granted to the Company of Armourers and Brafiers of London,

Pat Part 2d. £ to purchase, in Mortmain, Manors, and other Hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly Value of -

19 Feb. 8 Q. Anne, CA Licence granted to the Master and Wardens, and Assistants of the Society

Pat. Part 2d. £ of Fanmakers of London and Westminster, to purchase, in Mortmain,

Manors, and other Hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly Value of -

18 Feb. 12 Q. Anne, C A Licence granted to the Earl of Oxford, to alien, in Mortmain, to Samuel ‘

Pat, Part 3d. £ Sand ford, the Vicar of Presteigne, in the Counties of Radnor, and

Hereford, and his Successors, all Tythes, Glebes,^, belonging to the 1 Rectory of Presteigne aforesaid Vox. 22. 8 S

Advowson and Lands of 500-----

600-----

200 -

300-----

1,000 — —

300-----

500-----

and Ten Advowsons.

500-----

and Ten Advowsons.

500-----

and Ten Advowsons. 2,000 ——

600 -

600

400-----

1,000-----

5,000-----

and 1,000 Marks.

9,000-----

500-----

500 — — To alien Tythes, 6$c. belonging to the Rectory of Presteigne.

16 December

Frifilegt; Publication of Proceeding?.

s

710

10* Mail.

A. 1736.

16 December, i* K. Geo. Pat Part 2d

25 08. 4 K. Pat Part ill.

Geo.

16 July, 4 K. Pat. Part 6.

24 July, 4 K. Pat Part 6.

Geo.

Geo,

CA Licence granted to the Governors for the Relief of Clergymen’s poor'J 3,000-----

I Widows and Children, to purchase, in Mortmain, Manors, and other f besides £. 2,000 Hereditaments, not exceeding the Yearly Value of £ 3,000 over and fallowed by a bove £.2,000 a Year allowed them by their Charter -J Charter.

A Licence granted to the Master and Fellows of University College, in Oxford, to take, in Mortmain, the Lands and Hereditaments deviled by Dr. John Radcliffe, and also so much other Lands, including the said

devised Lands, as may amount to the yearly Value of 1,000-----

A Licence granted to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of Banbury, to purchase in Mortmain, Manors, and other Hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly Value of

j November, 7 G. Pat. Part lft.

K.

Geo.

CA Licence granted to the Governor and Directors of the poor French X Protestants, to purchase, in Mortmain, Houses, and other Hereditaments,

not exceeding the yearly Value of....

CA Licence granted to the Governors of the Charter-house, to purchase, in X Mortmain, Manors, and other Hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly

Value of.....-

C A Licence granted to the College of Physicians, to purchase, in Mortmain,

( Manors, or other Hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly Value of C A Licence granted to the Dean and Chapter of Rochester, to purchase, in X Mortmain, Manors, and other Hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly Value of- - -

CA Licence granted to the Governor and Company of Chelsea Waterworks, X to purchase, in Mortmain, Manors, and other Hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly Value of -A Licence granted to the Mailer, Fellows, and Scholars, of St. John's College, in Cambridge, to purchase, in Mortmain, Lands, and other Hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly Value of -13 Dec. 10 K. Geo. f A Pardon and Licence, granted to the Mayor and Burgesses of Newcastle-}

40 —

500 -

24 May, 7 K. Geo Pat. Part lft.

10 Jan. 8 K.

Pat. Part ill.

8 Mar. 9 K. Pat. Part 1.

20 June 9 K. Pat. Part 3.

Geo.

Geo.

r

Pat. Part lft.

27 July, 10 K. Geo. Pat. Part 3d.

17 December, 11 K. Geo. Pat. Part lft.

10 Feb. 11 K. Geo. Pat. Part lft.

11 Jan. 1 K. Geo. IP, Pat Part. 2d.

4 July, 3 K. Geo. IP, Pat. Part ill.

31 July, 3 K. G. IP, Pat. Part lft.

4,000 —

1,000-----

600-----

1,000

6,000-----

To hold particular Lands.

20-----

1,000

45 —

28

IP

Jan. 3 K. G. Pat. Part 1 ft.

11 November, 3 K. G. IP, Pat. Part lft.

14 July, 4 K. G IP Pat. Part lft.

ill July, 5 K. G. IP, Pat. Part lft.

4 May, 5 K. G. Pat. Part 2d.

Hd>

13 Mar, 9 K. G. IP* Pat. Part 2d.

upon Tine, to hold, in Mortmain, the Manor of Walker, anti the Ballast J Shore, and other Lands particularly mentioned in the Licence

C A Licence granted to the Corporation of Lancaster, to purchase, in Mortmain,

I the Manor of Heysham, with the Appurtenances, of the yearly Value of CA Licence granted to the Royal Society of London, to hold in Mortmain,

C Lands, and other Hereditaments not exceeding the yearly Value of -CA Licence granted to the Dean and Chapter of Salisbury, to purchase, in (. Mortmain, an Estate at Tilshed, with its Appurtenances, of the yearly

Value of--....

A Licence granted to the Provost and Scholars of Oriel College, in OxfordNTo purchase par-X to purchase, in Mortmain, the Advowsons of the Churches of Tortworth> ticular Advow-and Cromhall, in Gloucestershire -) Ions,

f A Licence granted to the Master and Fellows of ’Emanuel College, in Cambridge, to purchase, in Mortmain, Lands, and other Hereditaments, not

exceeding the yearly Value of.....- 500-----

CA Licence granted to the Governors of the Free School of Halifax, to pur-X chafe, in Mortmain, Lands, and other Hereditaments, not exceeding the

yearly Value of - 40-----

C A Licence granted to the Principal, Fellows, and Scholars, of Jesus College, 1 A particular Be-l in Oxford, to hold, in Mortmain, the Benefaction of Edmund Meyrick, > nefaclion, and also Lands, and other Hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly Value of J C A Licence granted to the Mailer, Keeper, and Wardens, of Ironmongers of \ London, to purchase, in Mortmain, Lands, and Tenements, not exceeding the yearly Value of ——

CA Licence granted to the President, Fellows, and Scholars, of St. Johns I College, in Oxford, to purchase in Mortmain, Lands, and other Hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly Value of -$ A Licence granted to the Master and Wardens of the Drapers Company, of X London, to purchase, in Mortmain* Lands and Tenements, not exceeding the yearly Value of

{A Licence granted to the Provost and Fellows of Queen's College, in Oxford, to purchase, in Mortmain, Lands, Tenements, Advowsons, and other Hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly Value of -CA Licence granted to the President and Scholars of St. Mary Magdalen X College, in Oxford, for them, and their Successors, to purchase, in Mortmain, any Lands, Tenements, Advowsons, or Hereditaments, whatsoever, not exceeding the yearly Value of -

500-----

1,000 — —

500-----

1,000 —

800 — —

N. B. That, in several Patents for the Licences above-mentioned, there is a Licence given to any Subject or Subjects, whether incorporated or not incorporated, to alien Estates, not exceeding the respective yearly Values for which the Licences are so granted to purchase in Mortmain.

J. Jekyll.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, phlet, intituled, " A Bill for suppressing Geneva, by laying to be perused by the Members of the House. " a duty on Spirituous Liquors, and for licensing the

" Retailers thereof; London, printed in the Year 1736;’* Mr. Earle reported from the Committee appointed to and to make Report thereof to the House, That he was inquire into the Printer and Publishers of a printed Pam- directed by the Committee to move the House, That the

Serjeant

io° — \ I' Mail

Viux’f

hiute.

Supply Bil!

I>nti« on

5»n«pH Paper, dr r.

Supply Bill

Sinking Fund.

9 Geo. II.

Serjeant at Arms attending this House be ordered to bring to the Committee, from time to time, Abraham Hive, now in his Custody, in order to his being examined as often as the Committee shall think tit to require the lame.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, bring to the said Committee Abraham litre, now in his Custody, in order to his being examined as often as the said Committee shall think lit to require the fume.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Thomas Vaax Ef-q"ir*\ deceased, for discharging his Debts and Incumbrance-, wua read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Robert Hacks, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Y’orke, Sir John Bar-uard, Mr. Rennet, Mr. Longueii/le, Mr. Planter, Mr. Hay, Mr. Laz: ton. Colonel Ducket, Mr. Bren tan, Mr. Grj}ith, Mr. Id/le, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Bradfhau, Mr. Banks, Mr. Butler, Mr. Coster, Mr. Balle, Sir James Campbell, Lord Sidney Beau clerk, Mr. Richard Plume r, Loid Carmichael, Mr. Bacon, Mr. More, Mr. Ijtrochc, *Mr. Within ton, Sir !Vm. Clayton, Mr. Plamp/re, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. IVm. Pturner, Mr. Pelham, Sir Rowland Alston; and all the Members who Icrve for the Comities of Hertford, Bedford, Buck s, Cambridge, and Hunt inn don: Aud they are to meet tins Atternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s ChamU r.

; An ingrossed Bill for continuing, for the Pur|*>lls therein mentioned, the additional Duties u|x>n liam|>cil Vellom, Parchment, and Pu|>cr. laid h\ an Act passed in the Twelfth A ear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, was read the Third time.

'I he Amendments following were Severally proofed to be nuuh to the Bill; viz.

1 i j L 18. To leave out from " whereas" to " there,'* in L 22:

L. JO. To leave out Six,'* and inlert

44 Five:*'

I. last, To leave out Six/* and inlert

44 Five :*’

Pr. 4. Ir .17. To leave out have relblved to,* and inlert do

Pr. 5. 1^ 23. To leave out reported to he," and insert 4 4 said :*

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Iloule: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Rcjilved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing, for the Purposes tiierein mentioned, the additional Duties upon stamped Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, laid by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the I irlt.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Ixirds, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling his Majesty to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Six hundred thousand Pounds, to be charged upon the Surpluses, Excesses, or Overplus-monies, commonly called the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament; and for the further Disposition of the said Fund, by paying off One million of South Sea Annuities; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Orda'td\ That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vol. SS.

711

A Petition of the Poor Prisoners confined for Debt ia Debtor’s the Prison and Ward of the Town and Borough of Lest- Petition.

zeithiel, in the County of Cornu all, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousand others confined for Debt in the several Gaols in this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord

for making effectual what has been agreed between Alan Middleton’s Lord Viscount Middleton, in the Kingdom of Ireland, A£recruenl-ami his Four Nieces, and for the securing the Payment of Ten thousand Pounds agreed to be paid them, and to enable him to make good the Agreements in his Marriage Articles, was read the lliird time.

Re/ijlvcd, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Dodington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itfelfinto a Committee of the whole Offences House, to confulcr turther of the Bill for indemnifying alM|

Persons who have been guilty of unlawful importing ^Excise Laws. Good* and Merchandizes into this Kingdom, upon the Terms therein mentioned, and for inforcing the Laws against such Importation for the future.

Mr. Speaker left the (‘hair.

Sir C harles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. S|>caker resumed the Cliair.

Sir C harles Turner reported from the Committee, That thi v had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have I cave to lit again.

littolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, rciblve itself into a Committee of the whole house, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the 11011 fe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mortis, 1 i° die Maii;

Anno <)° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1736.

Prayers.

Ti /T R. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, to Cooke’s IVI whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Name-An Act to enable John Freeman T(quire, heretofore called John Cooke, and his Heirs, to take and use the furnaine of Freeman, pursuant to the Will of Win, Freeman Esquire, deceased; and also to impowerthe said John Freeman, and others, to make Leases of the Estates devised by the said Will; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, w ithout any Amendment:

And lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Brereton reported from the Committee, to whom Supplying the Bill to enable Thomas Smith Esquire, Lord of the Ma- Portsmouth nor of Farlington, in the County of Southampton, to sup- with ^Vater ply the Town of Portjimuth, and Parts adjacent, with good and wholesome Water, at his own proper Costs and Charges, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, widi the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, w ere,

I with

712

n° M

A. 1736.

West Stafford cum Froom Bellet Inclosure.

Reeflen’s

Nat.

with Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields and Common Grounds in the Parish of West Stafford cum Froom Belle tt, in the County of Dorset, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Laroche, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Reefftn, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Turner, Mr. Packer, Mr. Ai/labie, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Curzon, Sir Chris Powell, Mr. Archer, Mr. Lijle, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Knight, Mr. Come-wall, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Rojfe, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Earle, Mr. Biffe, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Sir Nicolas Williams, Mr. OJbaldeston, Mr. Cunninghamc, Mr. Bance, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Hay, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Henley, Mr. Rawl. Earle, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Crosse, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Bradshaw, Mr. Brereton, Lord Robert Mountagu, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Wm. P turner, Sir John Rush out, Mr. Bowes, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Gore, Mr. Clavering, Sir Wm. Heathcote, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Ashley, Mr. Thompson, Sir Robert Grof venor, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Holden, Sir Thomas Frank-land, Sir Edmund Bacon, General Wade, Sir Robert Sutton, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Walker, Captain Evans: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Glasgow

Sallom’i

Eftaie,

Hertford

Election.

A Petition of Henjhaw Halsey Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That at the last Election for a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Hertford, in the room of Sir Thomas Saunders Sebright Baronet, deceased, the Petitioner, and Charles Ccefar Esquire, were Candidates; and the said Charles Ccefar is returned a Representative in Parliament for the said County: That the said Charles Ccefar, at the time of such Election and Return, was not qualified to be elected, according to the Statute made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, to serve in Parliament as a Knight of the Shire, he not having an Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, over and above what will satisfy and clear all Incumbrances that may affect the fame, of the annual Value of£. 600; for which Reason the Petitioner does insist, that the Election and Return of the said Charles Ccefar is contrary to the said Statute: That the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to represent the said County instead of the said Charles Ccefar: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioner such Relief as shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections, And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

EnMing The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act of Soldiers. i0 prevent the lifting his Majesty’s Subjects to serve as Soldiers, without his Majesty s Licence, without any Amendment. And also,

Importation The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An «f Fish &c* Act to render the Law more effectual for preventing the

Importation of fresh Fish, taken by Foreigners; and to explain so much of an Act, made in the 13th and 14th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, as relates to Ships exporting Fish to the Ports of the terranean Sea, and for the better Preservation of the Fry of Lobsters on the Coast of Scotland, without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-ImproT®^ sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer that shall be vended or sold within the City of Glas gow, and for extending the same over the Village* of Gor bells and Port Glas germ, and Privileges thereof for the Benefit of the said City and Villages, without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in John Sallom Gentleman, and his Heirs, a Reversion in Fee of lands and Hereditaments, therein mentioned, in the County of Lancaster, forfeited by Gabriel Hejketh, attainted of High Treason, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling his Majesty to borrow Supply Bill; any Sum or Sums of Money, npt exceeding Six hundred thousand Pounds, to be charged upon the Surplusses Excesses, or Overplus monies, commonly called the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament; and for the further Disposition of the said Fund, by paying off One million of South Sea Annuities; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling his Majesty to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Six hundred thousand Pounds, to be charged upon the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus-monies, commonly called the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament; and for the further Disposition of the said Fund by paying off One million of South Sea Annuities; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved. That the last Section of an P^cutiom Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual pre- m‘ venting Bribery and Corruption in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, might be read.

And the said Section being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruptions in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, as relates to the Commencing and carrying on of Prosecutions grounded upon the said Act: And that Mr.

Henry Arthur Herbert, Mr. Richard Lloyd, Mr. Knight, and Mr. More, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Offences to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of unlawful importing Goods and Merchandizes into this Kingdom, upon the Terms therein mentioned; find for enforcing the Laws against such Importation for the future; be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the C hair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr.

9 GEO.II. ii° — i 2 71}

Mr. Henry Arthur Ilcrbtrl pafenud to the House, according toOnlrr, a Dill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty\n Reign, imitultd, An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Elections of Members to fcive in Parliament, a* relates to the Commencing and Carnir'g on of Prosecutions gtounded upon ilnr laid A«'t: And the same was received.

Ordered,' flint Mr. He nr}: Arthur Herbert have Leave to make a Motion, it being Seven of the Clock.

And In* moved the House accordingly. And,

The said Bill was read the Full time.

Rtjidud, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to relohe itfrlf n to a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill li*r the better Belief and Employment of the Poor, and for the more e;h ’ual punching Rogues and Yagalwinds; and for rc hieing the l^aws relating to the Poor, and to Rogues and Vagabonds, into One Law: be now read:

And the fan. Iwing read accordingly;

Rejuiied, That tins I lottfe vi iil, upon Thursday Morning next, rc solve it felt into a Committee of the whole lloulc, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, I 2° die Maii;

Anno «> Georgii IP1 Regis, 1730.

Pr a y K R s.

AN ingrossod Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John F reman Esquire, heretofore called John Cooh, and his Ilri.s, to take and use the Surname of Freeman, piirfcnnt to the Will of Wm. Freeman Esquire, deceased; and also to impower the said John Fret man, and others, to make Leases of the Eliates devised hv the said Will, was read the Third time. Iteblvtd, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, Thai Mr. Thomas Gore do carry the Bill to the Lo.ds, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Profrcutioni A Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made ln ^*‘con^ Year of hi* present Majesty s Reign, inti-tub'd. An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, as relates to the Commencing and Carrying on of Profreution> grounded upon the said Act, was read a Second time.

Rrfolved, That the Bill be committed.

UefuUcd, rFh <t the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refohcd, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve it Irlf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Privilege; Mr. Earle reported from the Committee appointed to publication inquire into the Printer and Publishers of a printed of Pamphlet, intituled, " A Bill for flip pressing Geneva, Proceeding!. " by laying a Duly on spiriltious Liquors, and for li-<c confing the Retailers thereof; London, Printed in the " Year 173G; and to make Report thereof to the House; That the Committee had examined into the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to report the same to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

rJ he Committee found, upon the Examination of frveral Witnesses, That the said Pamphlet waspub-lithed by a Servant of William R ayner% a Printer: Upon which they examined,

Vol. <22.

Profrcotioiu for Bribery cEfodiw.

KorLivt.

Cook's

Room.

Abraham Ilive, Overseer in the said Rayner's Printing-house: Who acknowledged the Printing thereof, but said, that it was without his Mailer's Knowledge; and that the written Copy, from which he printed the said Pamphlet, was brought to him by a IVrfon unknown.

Being asked. Where the written Copy was, He said.

That he burned it, for fear his Mailer iliould come into Trouble.

In this Examination he grofly prevaricated.

Being examined the next Day, he owned he had prevaricated, and produced the written Copy which he before said that he had burned; and laid, that one William Mills brought it to him I aft Saturday was Three Weeks, for which lie then gave him One Guinea and Half, and pro-noted a Dozen Copies, which he gave him the Monday following; but disowned that his Matter knew any thing of that Agreement, or of the printing it, till after it was puhiished; and that it was usual for his Mailer to suffer him to print fotne small Pamphle* for his own Advantage, without knowing the Contents of them.

Edward Hobcrts, being examined, said, That Saturday was Three Weeks Wm. Mills asked him to go over the Water to Rai/ner the Printer; and told him he had a Copy of the Gin Bill, with thcClause offered, relating to Punch; and, if lie succeeded in felling it, they w ould live well:

That he went with him, and saw Wm. Rayner, Win.

Mills, and Abraham Hive, go into a Room together, and Hive had the written Copy in his Hand.

Abraham Ilive, being again called in, and confronted with Roberts, was asked, If he, Rayner, and Mills, did not go into a Room together the Saturday he received the said written Copy ? he answered, No; and laid, He did not fee Ins Matter from the Friau\ before till the Wednesday following; but could not say whether he was out of Town, or not.

Edward Roberts, being asked, If he was positive that he saw Mills, Rayner, and Ilive, together, he averred his former Evidence was true, notwithstanding what Ilive said to the contrary.

William Rayner, being examined, and the said Pamphlet being shewn to him, acknowledged that it was printed at his House, but without his Privity; and that he knew nothing of it till after the same was published:

That he gives Leave to his Servants to print some small Pamphlets, without knowing what the Contents are.

William Mills w as summoned to attend the Committee, but did not appear.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That William Rayner,

Printer, having preftimed to print a Bill, when depending in this House, for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of spirituous Liquors, and for licensing the Retailers thereof; and also a Proceeding of the House thereupon, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That the said William Rayner be, for the said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ref Jved, Nemine contradicente. That Abraham Ilive,

Servant to William Rayner, Printer, having been concerned in printing a Bill, when depending in this House, for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of spirituous Liquors, and for licensing the Retailers thereof; and also a Proceeding of the House thereupon, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That the said Abraham Ilive do, for this Offence, Hand committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Thomas Smith Esquire, Supplying Lord of the Manor of Farlington, in the County of South- Portsmout'h ampton, to supply the Town of Portsmouth, and Parts Wltk Water, adjacent, with good and wholesome Water, at his own proper Cod and Charges, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz

3 T Fr.

o

7*4

— 140 Mail\

A. 1736.

Pr. 2. L. 20 and 2i. To leave out the Words " other c< Fortification or Fortifications

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, Thai the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Thomas Smith El quire,. Lord of the Manor of Farlhigton, in the County of Southampton, to supply the Town of Tortfmonth, and Parts adjacent, with good and wholesome Water, at his own proper Cost and Charges.

Ordered, That Mr. Brereton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and'desire their Concurrence.

Offence* Sir Charles Turnery according to Order, reported from against Cuf- the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of unlaw-

xci c aws*.£u] importing* Goods and Merchandises into this Kingdom, upon the Terms therein mentioned, and for inforcing the Laws against such Importation, for the future, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, as far as the Amendment, Folio 19. L. 24. being severally read a Second time, were, except some of them, which were disagreed to, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of lhern, agreed to by the House.

The said Amendment, Folio 19. L. 24. being read a Second time;

The House was moved, That the Fourth Section of an Act, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in his Majesty’s Customs, might be read:

And the said Section was read accordingly:

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, as far as Clause B, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

The said Clause, being read a Second time, for impowering the Commissioners of his Majesty’sTreasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound for the Release or Dischargfl of any Debts due to the Crown, upon Debentures or Certificates wrongfully or fraudulently obtained, or made void, for the Recovery of which Debts Judgment shall be given for the Crown, in any Suit depending on the Eleventh Day of May 1736;

Air. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That he was authorized to say, That his Majesty consents, That this House may make what Provision they shall think proper for such Composition, Release, or, Discharge.

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the BilL

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-

°} lions be adjourned.

Privileges.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Niue of the Clock, -

Jovis, 13* die Mail;

Anno 90 Georgii IId| Regis, 1736.

Pr A YERS.

MR. Horsemonden Turner reported from the Com- Rceirell»4 mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the jsat. Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Ree/lai, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Tabic.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Probations to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, for Bribery upon the Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, at Election*, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, as relates to the Commencing and Carrying on of Prosecutions grounded upon the said.

Act, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Arthur Herbert took the Chair of the Committee.

... Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Henry Arthur Herbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had di-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Arthur Herbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which they had made to the said Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the PoorLa' whole House, upon the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor; and for the more eflYftual punching Rogues and Vagabonds; and for reducing the Laws relating to the Poor, and to Rogues and Vagabonds, into One Law.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Brereton took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Brereton reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 140 die Maii;

Anno 9° Georgii IP1 Regis,. 1736. Prayers.

AMeflage from the Lords, by Mr. Halford and Air. Edwards:

Mr

9 Geo. II. 14° — i7* Mail

715

Mr. Speaker,

AK«n'»z Tin- */>rWs have agreed b> the Bill, intituled, An Act Mortiiuio rt^rain Dispoli?ions o| Lands, wlu n by the fume become uualtenable, with an Amendment: To which Amendment tin* Lords dcTire the Concurrence of this

I Ioufe.

And t!*en the Meffi tigers withdrew.

Hu- Hold'* provided to take into (fonsideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the said Bill.

And the find Amendment was nvd; and is as follows; viz.

Pr. 2. I.. if\ B< fore And be it further Enacted," add the Proi Ho n:.», ked A:

A: " Prm id*fI, That nothin'*herein before-mentioned relating to the Sealing and Delivery of any Deed or Deeds Twebe Calender Months at lead before the Death of t!ie (irai.for, or to the Transfer of any Stock Six Calendar Months before the Death of the Gran-* for or Perl.*n making such Transfer, thall extend, or 44 l*> mutinied toi \t< ltd, to any Purchase of any Kllntc M or I titered in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, 44 or any Transfer of any Stoc k to be made, really and bona Jute, for a fill! and valuable ( onsideration actually 4 paid at or before the making such Conveyance or Transfer, without brand or C'nlliifton."

i lie laid 1\ ov ilb, being r< nd a S cond and Third time, w as, upon the Qu< liion put thereupon, agree d to by the

II on fir.

Ordered, That Mr. C:;bK%n do rarrv the Rill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That tins 1 ioufe hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

OfTrrrrt An intt^Tu d Bill for indemnifying Persons who have

njs..-. i: Cuf- cn gmliy of unlaw !ul importing Good.s and Merchan-

t*mi> and (| *rj> aito 111i> Kingdom, upon the Terms therein inrn-Ixnir Una. liOIRi|. aml f4ir inforcing tlu* I^aws against suchlraporta-, tion for the future; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to l»e made to the Bill;

Pr. ii. L. i. To !ea\e out 44or fnrh Person or Per- fmi\ to whom the Right o| Administrations of the per-f< fbnai Ktiate of each Pei foil so killed shall belong :*'

Pr. 21. L To lcaie out " together with,*' and iufrtt and :’*

L 40. After 44 in*’ to in fort shall also be forfeited and lost, any Ship, Boat, or Veiled, so to be forfeited and lost, not exceeding the Burden of One hundred'Ions:"

Pr. t i. L. 2 7. After 14 or*’ to insert concealed."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put ihcrcu|>on, agreed to hv tholloufe.

And the Bill was amended at the T able accordingly.

Ri t iiL\l% That the Bill do pass: And that the Title lx*, An Art f._»r iiuleiiitiilying Persons who have been guilt v of Otrnces ugainli tl» I^iv\s made for ft curing the Revenues of Cu stoms and Excite; and for enforcing those 1-aws for the future.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry tire Bill to the Lords, and dclac their Concurrence.

Prosecutiuiis An ingrossed Bill to expkdn and amend so much of for Uribeiv ail Art, made in the Second Year of his present Man at Elections. jcffy»s Reign, intituled, An Art for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, as relates to the Commencing and Carrying on of Pro fee ut ions grounded on the said Act, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 9 10. To leave out44 such Incapacity, Dif- ability. Forfeiture, or Penalty," and insert "auyOfi. 41 fence against the said Act:"

L. 11. To leave out incurred" and insert committed."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally pul thereupon, agreed to by thelloufe;

Vol. 28.

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pafc;

The I Ioufe divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } n.

Tellers for the Koes, } 39- ’

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Fieri ions of Members to serve in Parliament, as relates to the Commencing and Carryingon of Prosecutions grounded upon the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. llenry Arthur Herbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Po«r Lawt. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor; and for the more cfieftiial punishing Rogues and Vagabonds; and for reducing the Laws relating to the Poor, and to Rogues and Vagabonds, into One Law; be now* read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refulve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

Committee

of

Priyileges*

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 170 die Mari;

Anno 9* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1736.

Pit AYERS.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Reefsen'i for naturalizing John Rcejfen, was read the Third Nat.

time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Horjmonden Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House bath agreed to the fame, w ithout any Amendment.

Mr. Robert Hacks reported from the Committee, to Vaux’* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Efaie. Act for Sale of Part of the Eliate late of Thomas Vaux Esquire, deceased, for discharginghisDebts and Incumbrances, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Coufent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the p0orLawi. whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor; and for the more effectual punishing Rogues and Vagabonds; and for reducing the Laws relating to the Poor, and to Rogues and Vagabonds, into One Law.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Brereton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Brereton reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved,

714 — 130 — 140 Mali* 173d.

Pr. 2. L. 20 and 'll. To leave out the Words " other <c Fortification or Fortifications

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

ReJ’olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Thomas Smith Esquire,. Lord of the Manor of Turlington, in the County of Southampton, to supply the Town of iJor!fmouth, and Parts adjacent, with good and wholesome Water, at his own proper Cost ’ and Charges.

Ordered, That Mr. Brereton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and'desire their Concurrence.

Offences Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from against Cuf- the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill

Excise Laws ^or ‘nc^emn’(v*nKPersons who have been guilty of unlaw-° ' ful importing G oods and Merchandizes into this Kingdom, upon the Terms therein mentioned, and for inforcing the Laws against such Importation, for the future, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had di-rested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, as far as the Amendment, Folio 19. L. 24. being severally read a Second time, were, except some of them, which were disagreed to, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

The said Amendment, Folio ig. L. 24. being read a Second time;

The House was moved, That the Fourth Section of an Act, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating A bulbs, in his Majesty’s Customs, might be read:

And the said Section was read accordingly:

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The fubfoquent Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, as far as Clause B, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

The said Clause, being read a Second time, for ini-powering the Commissioners of his Majesty’sTreasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound for the Release or Discharg" of any Debts due to the Crown, upon Debentures or Certificates wrongfully or fraudulently obtained, or made void, for the Recovery of which Debts Judgment shall be given for the Crown, in any Suit depending on the Eleventh Day of May 1736;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That he was authorized to say, That his Majesty consents, That this House may make what Provi-fton they shall think proper for such Composition, Release, or. Discharge.

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the liilL

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-

tious be adjourned.

Privileges.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 130 die Mali;

Anno 90 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1736.

Prayers.

MR. Horjemonden Turner reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Reefini, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill iu at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Pmfecai^ to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, iorMv upon the Bill to explain and amend so much of an A&,at made in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, as relates to the Commencing and Carrying on of Prosecutions grounded upon the said,

Act, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Arthur Herbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr, Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Arthur Herbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had di-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Arthur Herbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which they had made to the said Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the foorLm whole House, upon the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor; and for the more effectual punishing Rogues and Vagabonds; and for reducing the Laws relating to the Poor, and to Rogues and Vagabonds, into One Law.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Brereton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Brereton reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 14.0 die Maii;

Anno 9* Georgii II"1 Regis,. 1736. Prayers.

AMeflage from the Lords, by Mr. Halford and Mr. Edwards:

- ‘ Mr

Aliening Lands in Mortmain.

Offences agcintlt Customs and Excite Laws.

Prosecutions for Bribery at Elections.

£ Ge6. IL i4b — 17 9 715

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to refirain the Dispositions of Lands, whereby the same become unalienable, with an Amendment: To which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this TJoufe.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the said Bill.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as follows; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 16. Before u And be it further Enacted," add the Proviso marked A:

A: " Provided, That nothing herein before-mentioned t% relating to the Sealing and Delivery of any Deed or " Deeds, Twelve Calender Months at lead before the " Death of the Grantor, or to the Transfer of any Stock " Six Calendar Months before the Death of the Gran-for or Person making such Transfer, shall extend, or " be construed to extend, to any Purchase of any Estate " or Interest in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, " or any Transfer of any Stock to be made, really and " bona fide, for a full and valuable Consideration actually " paid at or before the making such Conveyance or " Transfer, without Fraud or Collusion."

The said Proviso, being read a Second and Third time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Gybbon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

A11 ingrossed Bill for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of unlaw ful importing Goods and Merchandizes into this Kingdom, upon the Terms therein mentioned; and for inforcing the Laws agaiuftfuchlmporta-t tion for the future; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 11. L. 41. To leave out " or such Person or Persons, to whom the Right of Administrations of the personal Estate of each Person so killed shall belong*:" Pr. 21. L 37. To leave out " together with," and insert u and:"

L. 40. After C( in" to insert " shall also be forfeited and loll, any Ship, Boat, or Vessel, so to be " forfeited and lost, not exceeding the Burden of One " hundred Tons:"

Pr. 13. L. 27. After " or" to insert " concealed." And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put I hereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. Rcfived, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences sigainil the Laws made for securing the Revenues of Customs and Excise; and for enforcing thofo Laws for the future.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of his present Man jesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, as relates to the Commencing and Carrying on of Prosecutions grounded on the said Act, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 9. 10. To leave outt£ such Incapacity, Disability, Forfeiture, or Penalty," and insert " any Of* " fence against the said Act:"

L. 11. To leave out "incurred" and insert " committed."

Anti the said Amendments were, upon the Queiiion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

Vol. 22.

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. And a Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

}»*-

Tellers for the Noes, } 39- '

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend so mufti of an Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Ejections of Members to serve in Parliament, as relates to the Commencing and Carryingon of Prosecutions grounded upon the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Arthur Herbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. v

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor; and for the more effectual punishing Rogues and Vagabonds; and for reducing the Laws relating to the Poor, and to Rogues and Vagabonds, into One Law; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 17° die Maii;

Anno 9* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1736. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Reejfen, was read the Third

time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Horfmonden Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House Jiath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Robert Hacks reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Thomas Vaux Esquire, deceased, for discharging his Debts and Incumbrances, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to re^ port the Bill to the House, without any Amendment 1 And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor; and for the more effectual punishing Rogues and Vagabonds; and for reducing the Laws relating to the Poor, and to Rogues and Vagabonds, into One Law.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Brereton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Brereton reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved,

Poor Laws#

Committed

of

Privileges.

Reefsen,i

Nat.

Vaux1*

Estate.

Poor Laws.'

Committee

of

Privilege#,

Vaux*s

fcltate.

Supply Bill; Sinking rand.

Supply Bill; Duties ou Stamped Paper, &c.

Poor Laws.

Chaplain.

Resolved, That this Housenvill, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Eleo tions be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of thp Clock.

Martisy x 8° die Maii;

Anno 90 Georgii II41 Regis, 1736. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Thomas Faux Esquire, deceased, for discharging his Debts and Incumbrances, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Hucks do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint, them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Six hundred thousand Pounds, to be charged upon the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, commonly called the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament; and for the further Disposition of the said Fund, by paying off One million of South Sea Annuities; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, for the Purposes therein mentioned, the additional Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, laid by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Ordpr of the Day, for the House, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor; and for the more effectual punching Rogues and Vagabonds; and for reducing the Laws relating to the Poor, and to Rogues and Vagabonds, into One Law; be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Brerelon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Brereton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church, upon the Reverend Mr, William Burchett, Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mail 1736.

Mercurii, I90 die Maii;

Anno 9* Georgii II4' Regis. 1736.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. John Bair net and Mr. Lighthoun:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sail-cloth for further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture of British Sail-cloth; and for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on foreign Sail-cloth, imported into this Kingdom; with an Amendment; To which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House, And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Prosecutions to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, a c lons# An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, as relates to the Commencing and Carrying on of Prosecutions grounded upon the said Act, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Sail-Cloth Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Manufactur«. An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture of British Sail-cloth; and for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on foreign Sail-cloth imported into this Kingdom: And the said Amendment was read; and is as follows; viz.

Pr. 6. L. 24. After " be" insert " so whitened with " Lime, as aforesaid, or be."

The said Amendment being read a Second time, and the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Mers to } 7».

Te,to. to the Neet. j 34-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Willimott do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Dmitwich the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Droitwich, in the County of Worcester, in the room of Thomas Whtnington Esquire; who since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the

Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Answer to Address of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be gra- Address. cioully pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Wiltiam Burchett, Chaplain to this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty was pleased to say, He will bellow some Dignity in the Church upon the Chaplain to this House, as desired.

Mr. Brereton, according to Order, reported from the poor Laws Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor; and for themore effectual punishing Rogues and Vagabonds; and ' for reducing the Laws relating to the Poor, and to Rogues and Vagabonds, into One Law; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House;

15 and

ommittfT of Pfitilcge*.

Pembroke

Writ.

itimloiph'*

Deb: (o the Clown.

OHearts

a*; . ;tt Cul* torn I K\ ule 1 »w I.

Pool Lau§.

OtTenrti agaiull Cuf-toim and lix-cife Lands.

9 Geo. II.

19° — -2 0°

7*7

and he read the Report In his Place;and afterwardsdelivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the Iloufe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Niue of the Clock.

Jovis. 20° die;

Anno 9* Georgii IP' Regis, 1736. Prayers.

r\ ft l) E It E I), Hint Mr. Sfjenker do iliue his Warrant to Li»* C!ei>. of the Crown, to make out a new Writ f rt 'lit .1 K.jght of the Shire io serve in this present Parliament for the C -'intv of Pembroke, in the room of jotitt CumpbtU J squire; who, fmee his EKc-tion fir the said County, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for ex cuting the Ollier of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr. Thurjhn:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Rill, intituled, An Act to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord HighTrvaiurer, for the time being, to compound with Eduard Randolph, late of Ixmdon, Merchant, and his Suret ies, a Debt due to the Crown, f«,r Customs for Tobacco, without any A eendment And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Hill, intituled, An Act for in lemml*.me Per foil s who have l>een guilty of Offence*; against the Laws ma te for securing the Revenues ot Cufi‘1:1s and Kxeife;and for enforcing i.iofe I-aw« for the future; w li an Annulment: To which Amendment the Lo;ds dot ire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mciiengers withdrew.

Ordered, That liirli a Number of Copies of the Hill for the bettor Relief and Employment of the Poor; and for the more effectual punching Rogues and V agabonds; ami for reducing the Laws relating to the Poor, and to Rogues and Vagabonds, into One Law; with the Amendments reported Yesterday, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Hill was committed. the Report whereof was ordered to lie upon the Table; be printed, as shall be sufficient for the LTfe of the Members of the House.

The House proceeded to take into Confident ion the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for indemnilying Persons who have been guilty of Offences against the Laws made for freuring the Revenues of Customs and Excise, and for enforcing those Laws for the future:

And the said Amendment was read; and is as follows; viz.

At the End of the Bill, add Proviso marked A:

A: " Provided always, That nothing in this Aftcontained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to redrain his MyjellyV Court of King’s Bench, or any " of the Judges thereof, or the Court of Justiciary in " Scotland, respectively, from bailing any Person com-i€ mitted for Felony by virtue of this Act, in such " manner as they may by Law do in other Cafes of " Felony/*

The said Amendment being read a Second time;

The Journal of the House, of the Third Day of May, in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King William the Third, in relation to the Proceedings of the House upon the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon Paper, Parchment, Vellum, and Pasteboard, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read:

Vol. 22.

And the Journal of the House, of the 10th and 12th Days of April, in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, in relation to the Proceedings of the House upon the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further encouragement of the Manufacture of Luftriugs and Alamodes within this Realm; and for the better preventing the importation of prohibited Goods, and Goods without paying the Duties charged on the same; was also read: And the Journal of the House, of the 30th Day of June, in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, in Relation to the Proceedings of the House upon the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better encouraging of the Royal Lull ring Company, and the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of Luftrings and Alamodes; was also read.

Then the said Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences against the Laws made for securing the Revenues of Customs and Ex-eife, and for enforcing those I^aws for the Future, being an ingruu i Proviso, was read the Third time:

And an Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Proviso, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words: u And that so much of this Act as relates to the inlLfting further Penalties or Forfeitures on Persons concenit'd, or luspected to be concerned in defrauding, or attempting or assisting to defraud, his Mu* 4* jetty of the Duties of Customs or F.xcise, shall contm tic or be in Force for flic Term of Seven Ycus next " cufuing, fully to be comp/etc and end d, and from " thence to the End of the then uexf Session of Parliament, and no longer; any thing in this Act to the * contrary in anywise notwithstanding/*

And the Queliion being put. That those Words be added to the said Proviso;

1 he I Ioule divided.

The Yens went forth.

Tellers for the

Tellers for the Noes, ]1 ? 3-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendment, made by the Lords to the said Bill, was, upon the Questionput thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered'Fhat Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, floyal Affrnt Gentleman L-flier of the Black Rod; t0Hills.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty, in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleated to give tile Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Six hundred thousand Pounds, to he charged upon the Surplusses, Excesses, or overplus Monies, commonly called the Sinking Fuud, redeemable by Parliament; and for the further Disposition of the said Fund, by paying oft' One million of South Sea Annuities; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament:

An Act for continuing, for the Purposes therein mentioned, the additional Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, laid by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Fiift:

An Act for naturalizing her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales:

An Act for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences against the Laws made for securing the Re-

g U venues

r

7iB 20° Mail. 1736.

Royal Assent venues of Customs and Excise: and for enforcing those to Brils. Laws for the future:

An Act to prevent the lifting his Majesty’s Subjects to serve as Soldiers, without his Majesty^s Licence:

An Act to restrain the Dispositions of Lands, whereby the same become unalienable:

An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, as relates to the commencing and carrying on of Prosecutions grounded upon the said Act: An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture of British Sail-cloth; and for the more ef- feftual securing the Duties now payable on foreign Sail-cloth imported into this Kingdom:

An Act to render the Law more effectual for preventing the Importation of frefti Fish taken by Foreigners; and to explain so much of an Act, made in the 13th and 14th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second as relates to Ships exporting I iih to the Ports of the Mediterranean Sea; and for the better Preservation of the Fry of Lobsters on the Coasts of Scotland:

An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the New Palace-yard, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey:

An Act for continuing the Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth of a Peny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer that shall be vended or sold within the City of Glasgow; and for extending the Tame over the Villages of Gorbells, and Port Glasgow, and Privileges thereof; for the Benefit of the said City and Villages: An Act for making effectual what has been agreed between Alan Lord Viscount Middleton, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and his Four Nieces; and for the securing the Payment of Ten thousand Poundsagreed to be paid them: and to enable him to make good the Agreements in his Marriage Articles:

An Act to enable John Freeman Esquire, heretofore called John Cooke, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Freeman, pursuant to the Will of William Freeman Esquire, deceased; and also to impower the said John Freeman, and others, to make Leases of the Estates devised by the said Will:

An Act to enable the Guardians and Trustees of Samuel Pitt, an Infant, to compound with Samuel Pitt,

Merchant, for a Sum of Money decreed to the said Infant by the Court of Chancery:

An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Thomas Vaux Esquire, deceased, for discharging his Debts and Incumbrances:

An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields and common Grounds in the Parish oiWeJt Stafford cum Froom Bellet, in the County of Dorset:

An Act for vesting in John Sallom Gentleman, and his Heirs, a Reversion in Fee of Lands and Hereditaments, therein mentioned, in the County of Lancaster; forfeited by Gabriel Hesketh, attain ted of High Treason: An Act to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury, er the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound with Edward* Randolph late of London, Merchant, and his Sureties, a Debt due to the Crown, for Customs for Tobacco:

An Act for naturalizing David Furry and John An tony Merle:

An Act for naturalizing John Reqffcn.

After which, his Majesty was pleased to make a most the Kin. gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as fol- Speech, loweth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The Dispatch you have given to the publick Bufinefe,

and the advanced Season of the Year, make it proper to put an End to this Session of Parliament.

1 acquainted you, at your first Meeting, That Preliminary Articles had been concluded between the Emperor and the most Christian King: since which time, a further Convention, concerning the Execution of them, hath been made, and communicated to me, by both those Courts; and Negotiations are carrying on by the several Powers engaged in the late War, in order to settle the General Pacificaition.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I return you my Thanks for the Provisions you have made for the Service of the current Year: You can never better recommend yourselves to my Esteem, and to the good Opinion of those you represent, than by raising the Supplies necessary for the support of my Government, and for the Service of the Publick, in a Maimer the most effectual, and the least burdensome to my People.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is a great Concern to m6 to fee such feeds of Diffcntion sown among my good People, as, if not timely prevented, may prove very prejudicial to the Peace and Quiet of my Kingdoms: It is my desire, and shall be my Care, to preserve the present Confutation in Church and State, as by Law established, perfect and intire, and not to countenance any Attempts to the Prejudice of either; Good Harmony and mutual Affection among all the Protestants of this Nation, have been the great Security of the present happy Establishment, from the Resolution to this Time:

By this united Strength, they will be able to refill the secret and open Attempts of our common Enemies; but, divided, they may become a Prey to them: My Protection shall be impartially dispensed to all my Subjects, in the full Enjoyment of their Religious and Civil Rights: Let it be your Care, by your Conduct in your several Stations, to make my Endeavours for your common Happiness effectual.'

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It being necessary for me to visit ray Dominions in Germany again this Year, I have resolved to appoint the Queen Regent here during my Absence: The Experience you have already had of her just and prudent Administration, will, I doubt not, engage you all to make the Weight of the publick Affairs as easy to her as her wife Conduct will render the Government agreeable to you: And this I recommend to you in a particular manner.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by his Majesty's Command, said;

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is his Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, That Parliament this Parliament be prorogued to Thursday the Twenty- prorogued, ninth Day of July next, to be then here held.

And this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to

Thursday the Twenty-ninth Day of July next.

8 Geo. II. *)" Julii. 14" OBobris. — 250 Novembris. 719

Jovis, 2 90 Julii;

Anno 10° Georgii IIJ' Regis, 17^.

Parliament rpHE House being met, according tto the lad Pro-further X rogation; prurogoed. A Message was brought from the Lords, by Sir William Sanderson, Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's

Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Comini (lion read:

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Coiuniiflion was read lor the further proroguing the Parliament, until TTiur/day the Fourteenth Day of October next.

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the Fourteenth Day of October next.

Jovis, 140 die;

Anno io* Georgii II41 Regis, 1736.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

TIIK House being met, according to the lad Prorogation;

A Metiage was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Turner, Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s

Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read:

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read for the further proroguing the Parliament until Thursday the Twenty-fifth Day of November next.

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the Twenty-fifth Day of November next.

Jovis,25® die Novembris;

Anno io* Georgii II. Regis 1736.

Parliament r 11E House being met, according to the |ud Pro-funher X rogation;

pror.^. A NIp(TaRr

was brought from the Lords, by Sir Win, Sanderson, Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speakt r,

The Ix>nds, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s

Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read:

Accordingly Air. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read for the further proroguing the Parliament until Friday the Twenty-fird Day of January next.

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Friday the Twenty-lirst Day of January next.

By the QUEEX’s most Excell* nt Majesty, Guardian of the Realm of Great Britain, &c.

A PROCLAMATION. CAROLINE R. C. R.

Proclima- XXT ^ the Parliament dands prorogued to non for W Thursday the Twenty-fifth Day of this indant

Meeting of November; We, with the Advice of his Majesty's Privy ar lament. counc|j> tj0 hereby publish and declare. That the said Parliament ib ill be further prorogued, on the said Twenty-fifth Day of November, to Friday the One-and-twentieth Day of January next ensuing; and we have given Order to the Chancellor of Great Britain, to prepare a Commission for proroguing the same accordingly: And We do hereby further declare our Will

and Pleasure to be, That the said Parliament shall, on the said One-and-twentieth Day of January/ next, be held, and fit, for the Dispatch of divers weighty and important Affairs: And the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, of the House of Commons, are hereby required to give their Attendance accordingly, at Westminster, on the said One-and twentieth Day of January next.

Given at the Court at Kevjington the Twenty-fourth Day of November, in the Tenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign.

GOD save the King.

Veneris 2i° die Januarii;

Anno io* Georgii II. Regis, Reg is, 1736.

Parliament HP* H E House being met, pursuant to the Proclama-further X tion hereunto annexed , prorogue . A Message was brought from the Lords, by Sir Wm.

Sanderson, Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized, by virtue of his Majesty’s

Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read for the further proroguing the Parliament until Tuesday the First Day otFebniary next.

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the First Day of February next.

n

Vol. 22.

u»

720

i° Febmarii.

A. 173 6.

Message to attend the Lords Commissioners;

Members take Oaths.

Clandestine

Outlawries.

Lords Commissioners Speech reported.

Commissioner*

Speech.

Martisy i*die Februarii;

Anno 10° Georgii II'" Regis, 1736.

\ MESSAGE was brought, by Sir Charles Dalton, ZjL Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went to the House of Peers:

And, being returned;

Several Members, returned upon new Writs, took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, pursuant to the Laws made for those Purposes.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawries, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

siderable Parts of Europe: It is to be hoped, that a general and lasting Tranquillity will follow this Recti-tution of Peace; and that the Renewal of Friendship and Alliances, for the Preservation of it, among the several Princes and Powers of Europe, will remove all Dangers and Apprehensions of any new Troubles and Disorders; but his Majesty apprehends, that an indolent Security, and too great a Disregard to future Events, may occasion Mischiefs more easy to be prevented than to be remedied; and that it would be very unadvise-able to leave ourselves in so defenceless a Condition, as to encourage any Enterprizes which the Enemies to the publick Peace may have vainly suggested, and flattered themselves with the Hopes of.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

His Majesty has ordered the proper Officers to lay before you the ITtimates for the Service of the current Year. As soon as the Circumfi ances of the Times would permit, his Majesty was pleased to make such a Reduction of some Part of the Publick Expences, for the Ease of his People, as was confident with the Peace and Safety of his Kingdoms, the Security of our Commerce, and the Honour and Interest of the Nation.

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, That the House might hear the Commission read, had been at the House of Peers: Where the Lord Chancellor, fitting, with several other Lords, on a Form between the Throne and the Wool-sacks, said, to the Effect following:

My Lords and Gentlemen,

We are commanded by his Majesty to let you know, That, as it is not convenient for his Majesty to be prefers here this Day in his Royal Person, he has been pleased, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, to authorize his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, and several Lords, therein mentioned, to do every thing in the Name of his Majesty, which ought to be done on the Part of his Majesty, in this Parliament, as may more fully appear by the Letters Patent.

That then the said Letters Patent being rejad* which were to the Purport of what the Lord Chancellor had said, the Lord Chaucejlor, as One of the Com mifiio iters, made a Speech to both Houses of Parliament; of which Mr. Speaker said he had, to prevent Mistake*, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

In Pursuance of the Authority given us, by his Majesty’s Commission under the Great Seal, amongst other Things, to declare the Causes of his holding this Parliament, we are, by his Majesty’s Command, in the First place, to observe t<? you* That-his Majesty acquainted you last Year, That he had, in Conjunction with the States General,< given hijj Approbation ofcet tain preliminary Articles opnperted and agreed upon between the Emperor and France, fer reftofing tha Peace of Europe \ ap^(that.,a further Convention, concerning the Execution of them, hdd bfep communicated to him, by both those , Court$v and, Negotiations Were carrying on by the several, Ppyrpns engaged in the late War, in order to settle the general Pacification.

We are now commanded, by hisit Majesty, to inform you, That the respective Acts of Cession being exchanged, and Orders given for the Evacuation and Possession of the several Countries and Places by the Powers concerned, according to the Allotment and Disposition of the preliminary Articles, the great Work of re-establishing the general Tranquillity is far advanced: However, it is his Majesty’s Opinion, That common Prudence calls upon us to be very attentive to, and observe the final Conclusion of, this new Settlement of such con-

The Copy of tht Letters Patent is entered at the End of the Journal of this Dav.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

His Majesty has been graciously pleased to direct us to acquaint you, That he hath seen, with the greatest Satisfaction, the unwearied Application of this Parliament in framing good Laws, for advancing the Prof-perity, and securing the W elfare, of his loving Subjects; and that it hath been one of his Majesty’s Principal Cares to enforce them, by a due Execution, with the strictest Regard to the Rights and Properties of his People; no Invasion whereof can, with any Colour, be suggested byvthe most malicious Enemies of the present Establishment: Whilst this hath been our Condition, his Majesty cannot but observe, that it must be Matter of the utmost Surprise and Concern to every true Lover of his Country, to see the niany Contrivances and Attempts carried on, in various Shapes, and in different Parts of the Nation, tumultuously to refill and obstruct the Execution of the Laws, and to violate the Peace, of the Kingdom: These Disturbers of the, publick Repose, conscious that the Interests of his Majesty and his People are the fame, and of the good Harmony which happily subsists between him and his Parliament, have levelled their Sedition against both, and, in their late Outrages, have either directly opposed, or at lead endeavoured to render ineffectual, some Acts of the whole Legislature: His Majesty, in his great Wisdom, thinks it affords a melancholy Prospect, to consider to w hat Height these audacious Practices may rife, if not timely suppressed; and that it deserves no small Attention, that they may go on to aflfect private Persons in the quiet Enjoyment of their Property, as well as the general Peace and good Order of the Whole: His Majesty apprehends it to be unnecessary to inlarge upon a Subject of this Nature; and therefore hath commanded us barely to mention it to you, who, by the constant Tenor of your Conduct, jrave shewn* that you consider the Support of his Authority, and the Security of his Government, as inseparable from the Preserv ation of the publick Tranquillity, and your own Safety.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Addresst posed. That an humble Address be presented to his Lo^s Cc Majesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this Sneecl^ House, for the Speech delivered, by his Majesty’s Command, to both Houses of Parliament; to expref* our Satisfaction at the happy Prospect of the final Conclusion of the general Pacification of Europe; and to assure his Majesty, That, from a dutiful Regard to his tender Care and Concern for the future Peace and Prpfperity of his People, we will enable his Majesty to disappoint and defeat all groundless Hopes and Expectations, which the deluded Euerififes of 4he publick Peace may have vainly suggested, and flattered

themselves

io Geo. II. i° Februajii

tbcmlclvcs with; that we uill duarfiiUv and effectually mile the Supplies necessary for the Service of the current Year, and support his Majesty in all such Measures as shall be found requisite to preserve the Peace and Safety of the Kingdom, the Sccuntv of our Commerce, and the Honour and Interest of his Majesty and his Dominions; to exprefa our just and grateful Scnfe of his Majesty's Good net's, not only in his ready Concurrence to all such hoU'foroe laws as have been, from time to time, prepared by his Parliament, Imt in his constant Care to enforce diem, by a due Execution, withtiie strictest Regard to the Rights and Properties of his People, and without the Icaft Colour or Shadow of any Design or Attempt to stretch or violate the known Laws of the Realm; and to declare our utmost AWioircncc of the many wicked and dcteftmbfo Practices, which the Disturbers of the publick Repute have secretly fomented, and openly earned on, in tumultuously rdifting and obstructing the "Execution of the I jiws, and violating the Peace, of the Kingdom; and to allure his Majesty, That being fully persuaded that the Preservation of the publick Tranquillity, and our own Safety, are inicparable from the Security of his Government, wc will support his Royal Aulhonty, in suppressing and subduing all fedilious and riotous Attempts, tliut tlircatcn the very firing of our happy Confutation, and the utter Subversion ot those Liberties which arc made the Ijircious Pretence for committing these outrageous Disorders.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out, after the Word " which," and before tiic Word " made," the Word are," and infcrting tiic Words have been," instead thereof.

And the Question be ing put, lliat that Word are* fund Purt of the Qucition;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words have been*’ be inferred instead Unroof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question so amended being put,

liefolved, That an humble Address be presented to Iris Majesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House, for the Speech delivered, by his Majesty s Command, to both Houses of Parliament; to express our Satisfiiftion at the happy Proljieft of the final Conclusion of the general Pacification of Europe; and to allure his Majesty, That from a dutiful Regard to his tender Care and Concern for the future Peace and Prosperity of his People, we will enable his Majesty to disappoint and defeat all ^roundless Hopes and Expectations, which the deluded Enemies of the publick Peace muy have vainly fuggclied, and flattered thcuiselves with; that we will chearfully and effectually raili the Supplies necessary for the Service of the current Year, and support his Majesty in all such Measures as shall be found requilitc to preserve the Peace and Safety of the Kingdom, the Security of our Commerce, and the Honour and Interest of his Majesty and his Dominions; to exprefe our just and grateful Sense of his Majesty Goodness, not only in his ready Concurrence to all such wholesome Laws as have been from time to time, prepared by his Parliament, but in his constant Care to enforce them, by a due Execution, with the strictest Regard to the Rights and Properties of his People, and without the Icaft Colour or Shadow' of any Design or Attempt to stretch or violate the known Laws of the Realm; and to declare our utmost Abhorrence of tiic many wicked and detestable Practices, which the Disturbers of the publick Repole have secretly fomented, and openly carried on, in tumultuously retifting and obstructing the Execution of the Laws, and violating the Peace of the Kingdom; and to allure his Majesty, That being fully persuaded, that the Preservation of the publick Tranquillity, and our own Safety, are inicparable from the Security of his Government, we will support his Royal Authority, in suppressing and subduing all fedilious and riotous Attempts, that threaten the very Being of our happy Constitution, and the utter Subver-fion of those Liberties, which have been made die Ipecious Pretence for committing these outrageous Disorders.

Vol. 22.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address to be presented to his Majesty, upon the said Kclbhition:

And it is referred to Mr. Tracy, Mr. Harry For, Mr.

Pelham, Mr. If innington, I^ord Sun dan, Mr. Treby, Mr. llynn, Mr. F.dxcurd Walpole, Mr./W, Mr Conduit,

I-ord Advcx*atc of Scotland, Mr. Cluttcrbuck, Colonel Cor me a!I, Mr. Antndel, Mr. Hruc, Lord Hurry P<ra:lett,

Mr. Edgcumb, Mr. Scmj>e, Mr. Plumptie, Mr. Comp- . troller, Mr. IChilucrth Mr. Civjje, Lord Boyne, Sir Charles Hot hum, Mr. Edzcurd lhompfon, \jovi Sidney Rcauderk, Mr. Doddington, Colonel Conmallis, Mr.

Walpole, Mr. [.cheap; or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw, immediately, into the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That the Speech of the Lords Commissioners, appointed by his Majesty for holding this Parliament, to both Houses of Parliament, be refered to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Coventry the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new W rit for Writ. clc£Ung a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Coventry, in the room of Sir Adolphus Ough-ton, Knight and Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Horflum the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough ot Horsham, in the County of Suffer, in the room of the honourable Henry Ingram Esquire, now Lord Viscount 7/*av>/, a Peer of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Oxford the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, electing a Burge is to serve in this present Parliament for the University of Oxford, in the room of George Clarke*

Doctor of Laws, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Ctmbridp the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wriu electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge, in the room of Thomas Bacon Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Portsmoath the Clerk of die Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ* electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Portsmouth, in die County of Southampton, in the room of 7nomas Leuis of Soberton, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Tiverton die Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough ot Tiverton, in the County of Devon, in the room of Dudley Ixyder Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Attorney General to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wdtlo* die Clerk of die Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, desting a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Port Pig ham, alias Westlow, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Sir John IVilles Knight, now Lord Chief Justice of his Majesty *s Court of Common Pleas at Westminster.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Tregonj* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tregony, in the County of Cornwall\ in the room of John Goddard Esquire, deceased.

And dien the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

8 X GEORGE

721

i0 — 20 Fe

I'.A.i 736.

LetteriPa- /^EO RG E the Second, by the Grace of God, of tent for Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defen-

epening Par- def of the Faith, fyc, To all to whom these Presents lha 11 liament. come. Greeting: Whereas we have lately, for divers

difficult and pressing Affairs concerning us, the State and Defence of our Kingdom of Great Britain, and the Church, ordained this our pieferrt Parliament to begin, and to be held at our City of Westmnfta%, the Thirteenth Day of June, in the Eighth Year of our Reign; which our Parliament from thenceforth was prorogued, by our several Writs, until and to the Fourteenth Day of January, in the Eighth Year aforesaid, and there lately holden; and from thence, by several Adjournments and Prorogations, was adjourned and prorogued to and until Tuesday the First Day of February next, then to be held and lit at our City of Westminster aforesaid: And forasmuch as for certain Causes, we cannot conveniently be present in our Royal Person in our said Parliament, upon the said First Day of February next, Know ye, That we, trusting in the Discretion, Fidelity, and Care, of our most dear and intirely beloved Son, and most faithful Councilor, Frederick Prince of Wales; our well-beloved and faithful Counsellor Charles X.ord Talbot, our Chancellor of Great Britain; and our most dear Coufms and Counsellors, Sixmcer Earl of Wilmington* President of our Council; Francis Earl Godolphin, Keeper of our Privy Seal; William Duke of Devonshire, Steward of our lioufhold; Charles Duke of Grafton, Chamberlain of our Ilouihold; Charles Duke of Richmond, John Duke of Argylland Greemcicji; Thomas Holies Duke of Ntxvcajile, one of our Principal Secretaries of State; Lionel Duke of Dor jet, Henry Earl of i Pembroke and Montgorticry, Richard Earl of Scarborough, Archibald Earl of I lay; our well-beloved and faithful Counsellors, Wm. Lord Harrington, one of our Principal Secretaries of State; and Philip Lord Hardxvicke, our Chief Justice appointed to hold Pleas before us; by r - the Advice of our said Council, do give and grant, by

the Tenor of these Presents, unto the said Prince of 1 Vales, our Chancellor of Great Britain, President of ouf Council, Keeper of our Privy Seal, Steward of ouf Houlhdd, Chamberlain of our Ilouihold, Duke of Richmond, Duke of Argyll and Greenwich, Duke of Neuxajile. Duke of Dor-Jet, Earl of Pembroke and Montgomery f Earl of Scarborough, Earl of Hay, Lord Harrington and Lord Hard-wide, and any Three of diem, full Power, in our Name, to hold our said Parliament; and to open and declare, and cause to be opened and declared, the Causes of holding the fame; and to proceed upon the said Affairs, and in our laid Parliament; and in all Matters arising the rein; and to do every thing which for us and by us, for the good Government of our said Kingdom of Great Britain, and of other our Dominions belonging to our said Kingdom, shall be therein to be done; and also, if rieccfifary, to continue, adjourn, and prorogue, our said Parliament; commanding also, by the Tenor of these Presents, with the Consent of our said Council, as well all and every the Archbishops, Bishops, Earls, Viscounts, Barons, and Knights, as all others whom it concerns, to meet in our said Parliament, That, to the same Prince of Wales, our Chancellor of Great Britain, President of our Council, Keeper of our Privj-Seal, Steward of our Houshold, Chamberlain of our lioul-hold, Duke of Richmond, Duke of Argyll and Grcemach, Duke of Newcastle, Duke of Dorfci, Earl of PewbiAie and Montgomery, Earl of Scarborough, Earl of Ilay, Lord Harrington, and Lord IJardivkke, and any Three of them, they diligently intend, in the Premises, in the Form aforesaid. in Witness whereof, we have caused these our Letters to be made Patent. Witness Ourfei^ at Westminster, the t hirty-first Day of January, in the Tenth Year of our Reign.

By the KIJsG. himself,. signed with his own Hand.

B isse and Bray.

Mercurii, 2° die;

Anno 10° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1736. Prayers.

Grand f\RD E R E D, That the G rand Committee for Religion

Committees. do fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every JYiday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Coitimmtt of Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections Privileges, be appointed of Mr. Earle, Mr. Horatio? Walpole, Mr.

Auditor Foley, Sir Wm Clayton, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Hooper, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Gregory, Lord Gage, Mr. Woliafion, Mr. Brody, Mr. JLvngucville, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Pleyddl, Sir Geo. Wynne, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Master, Mr. My del ton, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Stert, Sir James Campbell, Lord Polwarth, Mr. Compton, Mr. Vere, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Walker, Sir Miles Sta-pylton, Mr. Holland, Sir Charles Turner, Lord Sundon, Sir WmYonge, Mr. Hungerfor d, Mr Parfans, Sir Robert Monroe, Mr. BraJJey, Sir John Cope, Mr. Price, Mr. Bevan, Captain Evans, Mr. Cornu all, Mr. Wat kin Wms. Wynn, Sir Edward Dering, Lord Limerick, Sir Thomas Aston, Mr. Kynnaston, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Crozvle, Mr. Foley, Brigadier JJandafyde, Mr. IVm. Plummer, Mr. Ong-Tey, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Leheup, Sir John Hind Cotton, Lord Glcnorchy, Mr. Yates, Mr. Medlicott, Mr Tracy, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Doddington, Sir Wm.

Stapleton, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Lcckyear, Mr. Hoar, Sir Thomas Frankland, Mr. Erskine, Mr. Towers, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Bowlin fun Fade, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Richard Pturner, MrAVyndham, Mr. liar ley, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Lord Vere Beauclerk, Mr. May, Mr. Proby, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Lyttelton, Sir John Rushout, Lord John Sackville, Mr. Hay, Mr. Huxley, Sir Chr. Poxcell, Mr. Baihurjf Air. Plumptre, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Rutherford, AirAhompfon, Air, Danvers, Mr. O/baldiston, Sir Geo. Qxcnden, Mwllojjltt/, Mr. Bird, Mr. Co/hr, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Duckett, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Pigott, Mr. I Tiffin, Mr. Owen, Mr. Wyndham Ashe, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Lijlc, Sir James Grant, Mr. Sandys. Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Whitworth, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr Griffith, Mr. Tyner, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Fox, Mr. Byng: And they are to meet upon JYiday Sevennight, at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to lit every Monday, Wednesclay, and Friday, in die Afternoon: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Alatters as shall or may come, in question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon Double Returns in the First Place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions diereupon, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons diat will question any Returns, are to do it within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And ail Alem-bers, who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Election, by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And, if any thing shall come in question, touching the Return, Election, or Alatter of Privilege, of any Aleinber, lie is to withdraw during the tyne the Matter is in Debate: And that all

Alembers

io Geo. II. 2° Februarii. 72y

Members rcturoed upon Double Returns do withdraw till their Ketums are determined.

Ufad Resolved, That no Pee r of this Realm hath any Right

Oido*. to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament

Refvked, llmt where the lloufe shall judge any Petition touching Kleftioin to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned nguinti.

RefUted, Tlwt if it shall appear that any Person hath t procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of

this House, or endeavoured lb to lie, by Bribery, or any otiier corrupt Prufcticcs, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Refotva!\ 'Dial if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to tills House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirodtiy hatli endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Mif* demeanor, and this Iloule will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Re/ohrd, That if it shall ap|iear that any Person bath given fulfc Evidence, in any Case, before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the Otuiolt Severity against fudi Oflbader.

Rif deed, That it is an high Infringement of the Lilia tics and Privileges of the Commons of (treat Britain, fur any Lord of Par!lament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern tlieraselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament

OrdenJ, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Sti aligns that he shall lee, or be informed of to be, in the House or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole Iloule, is fitting; and that no Person, lb taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the speciul Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speaker s Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to lie locked up by him; and that he do not prefuine to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the Iloule; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care to clear the Speakers Chamber every Day before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume ♦o bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlefee and // cjhninster, do take care, that from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning to One in the Afternoon, and from l our till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Tanpic-bar and WcJtminster-hall shall be kept free and open; and that no ObstruSion be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in IVcJi-minster-hall, or die Passages leading to the Houl’e, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or other wise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff* of 11 ijimbisler; and that he do fee the same put in Execution.

Vox-. 22.

1

Ordered, That no Footmen be permitted to be within the I-obby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do take care Unit there be no Gaming, or other Dilbrders, in the Room ap|)oiiited for the Footmen, attending die McmUrs of this House, to wait in.

Ordered, Tlmt die Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to difebey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody, but by the special Order of die House.

Ordered, That, to prevent die intercepting or losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, die Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post-Office to this House, or feme other Person to be appointed by the Postmaster General, do, for die future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours, at the least, immediately after the Riling of die House, and alfe on every Friday, Monday, and Wednesday, from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom diev shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others bringing Notes under the Hands of die Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going awov, lock up such I-ctters as shall remain undelivered; and diat no Letter be delivered, but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Post-mafier General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, be do open die fame, and acquaint die House, at their next Sitting, w idi the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such NoUce, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, Votes to bt being first peruied by Mr. Speaker; and that lie do ap- printed, point the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Rcfoked, That this Houl’e will receive no Peddon for Private Bill*, private Bills after the Sixteenth Day of March next.

Rcfoked, That in all Cases of controverted Elections Controvert^ for Counties in England and H ales, to be heard at die Elc&ions. Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, die Petitioners do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within a convenient Time to be appointed eidier by the House, or the Committee of Privileges and Elections, as die Matter to be heard shall be before the House, or the said Committee, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by die Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for die Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners, or their Agents.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Free- Norfolk holders, of the County of Norfolk, whole Names are Election, thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and of a great Number of the Freeholders of the said County, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That

at

Flint

Election.

Weobly

Elettior.

724 20 Februarii. 1736.

at the last Elcflion of Members to serve in Parliament Majority upon the Poll of fair and legal Votes: And fortlie County of Norfolk, Robert Coke Esquire, William praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, ’

Morden Esquire, Sir Edmund Bacon Baronet, and William. and such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Wodehouse Esquire, stood Candidates: That the said Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

I I'm. Morden and Robert Coke Esquires had an undoubted Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elec-

Majority of true and legal Voters for them, and ought tions: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; therefore to have been returned as Representatives in Par- and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to liament for the said County: but a great Number of the House.

Persons, not qualified by Law to vote at the said Election, being procured, and having voted for the said Sir A Petition of William Phipps Esquire was presented to Weibctj Edmmid Bacon, and William WodeJwttJeYXquire; by\vhich, the House, and read; setting forth, That the honour- Ele&u*. and many other undue, corrupt, and illegal Practices, a able James Bertie Esquire, deceased, the Petitioner, the pretended Majority appearing, upon the Poll, for the said honourable George Evans Esquire, and John Bonce Sit Edmund Bacon, and William JVodehouse Esquire, they Esquire, stood Candidates at the last Election at' Rur-were thereupon returned to serve in Parliament for the gefies to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough laid County, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners: of Westbury, in the County of Wilts: That, by undue And praying such Relief in the Premises as to the House and corrupt Means, John Edwards was appointed die shall seem meet Returning Officer of the said Borough; and, at the said

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, Election of Burgesses, several Perl'ons w ere admitted to at the Bar of this House, upon Thupfday the Third Day poll for the said Mr. Bance, w ho had no Right so to do; of March next and many Persons who had a Right to vote, and offered

Ordered, That Lifts, with respect to the controverted to poll for the said Bertie and the Petitioner, w ere re-Election for the County of Norfolk, now depending be- faffed; by which corrupt Means, and by the great Par-fore this House, be, in pursuance of the Resolution of this tiality, and arbitrary Proceedings, of the said John Ed-House of this Day, delivered by this Day Three Weeks. wards, who acted as Mayor of Sic laid Borough, and by

other corrupt and illegal Practices made use of by, and A Petition of Sir John Glynne Baronet, was presented to in favour of, the said Mr. Bance, he the said Mr. Bance the House, and read; setting forth, That, on the Sixth is returned Burgess for the said Borough, contrary to the Day of May 1734, came on the Election for a Burgess last Determination of die House of Commons; to the to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner, who w>as duly elected Flint, in the County of Flint; at which the Petitioner, to represent the said Borough in this present Parliament, and Sir George Wynne Baronet, stood Candidates: That and therefore ought to have been returned accordingly,

William Owen and John Roberts, the Two Bailiffs of instead of the said Mr. Bance; And therefore praying the said Borough, who are the Returning Officers of the the House to take the Petitioners same into Consider-fame, being gained into the Interest of the said Sir George ation, and to give him such Redress as to the House shall Wynne, did proceed in taking the Poll with the utmost ifeem meet.

Partiality against the Petitioner, rejecting several legal Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-Votes duly tendered for him, and admitting several for sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: the said Sir George Wynne, who had no Foundation of Ana that they do examine the Matter thereof; and rc-Right: That, for the better effecting their unjust Pur- port the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the poles, the said Bailiffs did carry on the said Poll in a House. most dilatory and vexatious manner, never before prafetiled,

'protracting the same for Ten Days, and imposing an Oath A Petition of Nathanael Gould Esquire was presented Warcbam upon almost every Voter, concerning his Right and Quali- to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Election Rlc&ioa. fications, before he was admitted to poll; which the Pe- of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the titioner conceives to be illegal and arbitrary: That, not- Borough of Wareham, in the County of Dorset, came withstanding all the said Endeavours to procure a Majo- on upon Saturday the 4th Day of May 1734, at which rity for Sir George Wynne, it appeared, upon casting up Election the Petitioner stood Candidate: That, a Poll the Poll so taken by the Bailiffs, that there was a Majo- being taken at the said Election, Anthony Trezc, of the rity of Twelve Votes for the Petitioner, as the Numbers said Borough, who acted in the capacity of Mayor and were declared and published, and often repeated, by the Returning Officer for the said Borough, did arbitrarily Bailiffs themselves in open Court; yet, without pro- and illegally receive and admit a great Number of Per-ceeding to any Scrutiny, and without any Pretence shewn fons to vote for John Pitt Esquire, who had no Right or for disqualifying, or letting afide, any one of the Votes Title whatsoever to poll at the said Election; and did given for the Petitioner, and entered upon the said allb unjustly di fellow and reject divers Voters for the Pe-Poll, the said Bailiffs have prelumed, and taken upon titioner, which ought to have been received; and obsti-themselves, in an unprecedented manner, to make a Re- nately declared the said Election in favour of the said turn of the said Sir George Wynne; in manifest Wrong Mr. Pitt, and returned him to serve in Parliament for to the Petitioner; in Violation of the Rights of the Electors the said Borough, in Contempt of the last Resolution of of the said Borough, settled and declared by a Resolution of the House, touching the Right of Election for the said the House of Commons, and in open Defiance of the Borough, although the said Anthony Trew w as, before the many good Laws made to prevent falffe Returns of Mem- Election, served with a Copy of the said Resolution, and bers to serve m Parliament: And praying the House to well knew the Intent and Meaning thereof: That the take this his singular same into Consideration, and to give said Mr. Pitt, by the Means aforesaid, and other corrupt him such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet. and illegal Practices, has been returned to serve in this . Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, present Parliament for the said Borough of Wareham, at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the Eighth Day although the Petitioner was duly elected a Member for of March next the said Borough by a great Majority of legal Votes,

and ought to have been returned accordingly: And pray-A Petition of James Cornwall Esquire was presented ing the House to take the Premises into Consideration, to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the late and to giant the Petitioner such Relief as to the House Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Bo- shall seem meet.

rough of Weobly, Sir John Buckworth Baronet, Mr. Ser- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-jeant Birch, and the Petitioner, w^ere Candidates; when sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: the said Mr. Birch, by Bribery and Corruption, and other And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and re-indirefet and illegal Practices, procured himself to be re- port the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the turned, to the Detriment of the Petitioner, who had the House.

9 Mr.

io Geo.1I. i 0 — 3 ° F. i g

Addrefc on Lords Com-niffioocrt Speech.

Mr. Tracy reported from the Committee appointed Yefierday to draw up an Address to Ik* presented to his Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly; which the) had directed him to report to the House; and In* read the fume in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was icml; and is as followed); viz.

Majesty by such Memliers of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Rcfulvcd, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Lore* Com-take into Considerution the Speech of the Lords Commissioners, appointed by his Majesty for holding this Par- co^fidered. liament, to both Houses of Parliament.

And tlicit thb House ndjourrled till 'lo-morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 30 die Februarii;

Anno io* Georgii II<! Regis, 1736.

PltAYER k.

A PETITION" of Sir Join) Strxarl of All unhand, Berwick Baronet, was presented to the House, undread; Election. constant Application in contributing, to the utinoft of setting forth, That, at the late Election of a Knight to your Power, towards the great Work of restoring Peace, serve in Parliament for the County of Pencick, upon the from the tender Care and Concern which your Majesty 30th Day of May 1734, the honourable Mr. Alexander has always thewrn for the future Peace and ProfjKTiiv of Hume Campbell,'and the Petitioner, (rood Candidates; your People, as well as for die common Welfare of Alan- and the Petitioner w as the only Person who was duly kind, we make no Doubt but that your Majesty will elected; That the Freeholders who attended wefc required, continue to co-operate with your good Allies, that the by a Freeholder formerly inrolled, to take the Oaths ap-Conclusion of the Peace may be attended with a general pointed to be taken by Electors of Members of Parlia-and lasting Tranquillity. incut; and specially the Oatl), which, by the Statute 7"*

Duty and Gratitude to your Majesty, and a due Regan! Georgii Sevu/tdi, is appointed to be taken in place of the to our own Interests and Security, will engage us not to Oath appointed by the Act Duodecimo Anna:; and that, neglect any neceslkry Precautions which may Ik ft conduce before they proceeded to give any Vote for the Choice of to enable your Majesty to disappoint and defeat all ground- a Clerk and Prafes to the Meeting; yet nevertheless less 1 Io|k*-s and Expectations which the d .'I tided Enemies divers of the Freeholders thought fit, without taking these of the publick Peace may have vuinly luggtlted, and Oaths, though required, as nforefuid, to proceed to flattered themselves with. elect a Clerk and Pnrj'cs; and, by the Votes of these un-

And we beg Ixave to assure your Majesty, That we qualified Periods, the Election of Clerk and Prrefcs, as

will chenrfully and effectually mile the Supplies necelliiry well as all the susbequent Steps, were illegally made; for the Service of the current \car; and lup|>ort your whereas the Electors, to the Number of Twenty-six, w ho Majesty in all Itich Mcttfun* as shall Ik- found requisite to voted for the Petitioner, had all the Qualifications rc-preservc the Peace and Safety of the Kingdom, the Seeu- quired by Law; and Fourteen of them took the afore-rity of our Commerce, ami the Honour and Interests of laid Oath required by the said Statute 7°*° Georgii; and your Majesty, and your Dominions. n considerable Number of them took the other Oaths to

Most Gracious Sovereign, the Government required by Law; whereas none of

Your faithful Commons cannot, writhout a just Indig- these, w ho voted for the said Mr. lltune Campbell, took nation, observe the Spirit of Fastion and Sedition which cither the aforesaid Oath appointed by the Act 7m0 Georgii, has lately manifested itself in traducing and misrepresent- or the Oath of Abjuration, not even the said Candidate ing the Legislature, in contemning all Authority, and in himself: That good Objections were made to several of ojH n Defiance of the I/tws of the Land. the Electors who voted for the find Mr. Hume Campbell,

It is with the highest Scnfe of Duty and Gratitude wc but were disregarded by the Meeting; and that a most acknowledge your Majesty s Goodncls, not only in your just Exception was ,made ogainlt the said Mr. Hume ready Concurrence to all such wholfomc Laws as have Campbell, as a Person incapable either of electing, or being-been from time to time prepared by your Parliament, but elected, not having been infeult, and his Infeoitment in your constant Care to enforce them by a due Exccu- regilicred, or recorded upon any irredeemable Right, action, with the strictest Regard to the Rights and Proper- Year and a Day before the Tefteof the Writ, as the Law ties of your People, and without the least Colour or Sim- requires, which objection w as verified by the Writings doiv of any Design or Attempt to ltrctch or violate the produced at the Meeting; and, nevertheless, this unde-known Laws of this Realm. niable Objection w as disregarded, and the Sheriff has

We cannot sufficiently express our Abhorrence of the adventured to return Mr. Alexander Hume Campbell, as many wicked and detestable Practices which the Disturbers the Member duly elected: And therefore praying the of the publick Repole have secretly fomented, and openly House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and carried on, in tuimiituoully resisting and obstruCHng the give such Relief as to the Iloule shall Jeem meet Execution of the Luws, and violating the Peace, of the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-Kingdom. Adoration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And we, your faithful Commons, do assure your Ma- And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and re-jesty, That being fully persuaded, that the Preservation port the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the of the publick Tranquillity, and our own Safety, are in- House, separable from the Security of your Government, wc

will support your Rovai Authority, in lupprefling and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the House, AnIWwtf

subduing all seditious and riotous Attempts that threaten That his Majesty, having been attended with their Ad- M&tdb* the very Being of our happy Constitution, and the utter dress of Yesterday. was pleased to receive the same gra-Subverlion of those Liberties which have been made the ciously, and to give the lollowirrg Answer: specious Pretence for committing these outrageous Dif- His Majesty returns this House his Thanks for their orders. most dutiful and loyal Address; and shall always elieem

The said Address, being read a Second time, was, their Zeal and Atfettion for his Person and Government upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the as the best and most acceptable Return for his constant House. Endeavours to render this Nation happy and flourishing

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his both at home and abroad.

Vol. 22. SY Bfe

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons ol Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, return your Majesty our most humble I'banks for the Speech delivered, by your Majesty's Command, to both Houses of Parliament

Wc fee, with great Satisfaction, the happy Profpcft of the final Conclusion of the general Pacification of Ew-rope; and, when wc remember your Majesty’s unwearied Endeavours to prevent this \ation from bc'ing involved in the Calamity* of a defirtiflive War: and your

Loras Commissioners Speed) considered.

Supply*

Orford

Election.

Jedburgh

Election.

72 6 30 — 4* Feb. 1736.

His Majesty relies upon the Wisdom of his Parliament to frame such Law s as shall be necessary to strengtlien and support the Authority of his Government, in pre-ierving the publick Tranquillity, and securing the Rights and Properties of his People; and his faithful Commons may depend upon him for a just and due Execution of them.

® The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Speech of the Lords Commissioners, appointed by his Majesty for holding this Parliament, to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till To-nk>rrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 40 die Februarii;

Anno 10° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1736* Prayers.

A PETITION of Colonel John Cope, and Jofcpk Windham Ashe Esquire was presented to the House and read; letting forth, That, at the Election of Members to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Orford, in the Chunty of Suff olk, the Petitioners were Candidates, as were alto Richard Pozcis El'quire, and Lewis Bar loir Esquire: That one John Mar ret I, who usurped the Office of Mayor of the said Borough, took upon himself to preside at the Election as Mayor; and did admit several Persons to poll, at the said Election, for the said Mr. Fords and Mr. Barlow, who had no Right so to do; and did also refuse others who had a Right to poll, and w ho tendered their Votes for the Petitioners: That divers corrupt and illegal Practices were made use of by the said Mr. Fords and Mr. Barlow, or their Agents; and clivers Persons who had a Right, and would have voted for the Petitioners, were forcibly prevented from giving their Votes: That the said Marrett, without any Right of Office, has returned the said Mr. Fowls and Mr. Barlow, as Members duly elected to serve in Parliament; to the Prejudice of the Petitioners, who ought to have been returned: And praying such Relief as to the House Audi seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Sir James Dalrymple Baronet; and also, A Petition of John Hajwell, Common Clerk of the Burgh of Jedburgh; and also,

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the Royal Burgh of Jedburgh, from the Michaelmas Election in the Year 1734 to the Michaelmas Election in the Year 1735; and of Robert Hint rope and John For-Icons, Couufellors of the said Burgh for the Year preceding that; and also,

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the Royal Burgh of North Berwick, thereunto subscribing from the time of the Michaelmas Election in the Year 1734, to the same time in the Year 1735; and also.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the Royal Burgh of Lauder, for the Year, from the time of the Michaelmas Election in the Year 1734, to the same time in the Year 1735, thereunto subscribing; and also,

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the Royal Burgh of Haddingtoun, for the Year, from the

time of the Michaelmas Election in the Year 1734, to the same time in the Year 1735, thereunto subscribing;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; felting forth, That, at the Election of a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the said District of Burghs at Jedburgh, the presiding Burgh of that District, on Saturday the 18th Day of May 1734, the Petitioner, Sir James Dalrymple, was duly elected a Burgess for the said District, by the Voices of Hugh Dalrymple Esquire, who was legally elected Delegate for the said Burgh of Benvick; and of John Moffat, w ho was legally elected Delegate for the said Burgh of Lauder; James Douglas, who was duly elected Delegate for the said Burgh of Jedburgh, not being present at the said Election of a Burgess for the said District; and IVillam Cranston, Doctor of Medicines, not having been duly elected Delegate for the said Burgh of Jedburgh; and George Edmflon not having been duly elected Delegate for the said Burgh of Lauder; and George Ereikine not having been duly eleCled Delegate for the said Burgh of Haddingtoun: That, nevertheless, Archibald Crombic, or John Crombie, or both of them pretending to be Common Clerk or Clerks of the said Borough of Jedburgh, have or has presumed to make a Return of James Fall Esquire, as duly elected Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said District, although the said James Fall was not duly elected; and that the said Return is utterly void, not being made by the Petitioner John Hajwell, the Common Clerk of the said Burgh of Jedburgh at the time of the said Election; and that undue Influence, Bribery, Corruption, illegal Combination and Association, and other unlawful Methods, were used by the said James Fall, or his Agents or Abettors, in procuring, or attempting to procure, undue Elections of Delegates to favour the Interest of the said James Fall, in the aforesaid Burghs of Haddingtoun, Jedburgh, or Lauder, or iome of them: And praying the House to take the said Election and Return into Consideration, and give the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Ele&ioiis;

Ami that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply* refoive itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider of the Motion made Yesterday, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the S peech of the Lords Com mi (ft oners, appointed by His Majesty for holding this Parliament, to both Houses of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to a llelblution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock,

io Geo. II. 7° — 8°

VI

Luna,70 dieFebruarii\

Anno io* Georgii II41 Regis, 173G.

P n A y l u 5.

VP FT IT IO N of Henry Bendy/h junior, FJquire, was pirfiT»U.d to the I louli, and read; li tting forth, That Sir Robert Bn rune Baronet, Chur lex lutckyer Fiquire, and tin* Petitioner, flood Candidates at the last Flection of to tow* in this present Parliament for the Ho-ro*:gb of llvhcjitrt in the County of Samerjvt: lliat, at the taid Fh-Ctw»n, lev end Per Ions were admitted to poll for the said S^r Hubert Btxncnc, who had no Right so to do; and the Votes of several Persons who had a Right to poll, and offered to vote for the Petitioner, were refilled; by which undue Means, and by the arbitrary’ and partial Proceedings of Uk? then Bailiff, and other corrupt and illegal Practices made use of in behalf of the liiid Sir.....Bnnnte, he the said Sir Robert Browne is re-

turn' d a I’tit 'jf is for the said Iforough; to the manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner, who was duly elected one of the Repivt< nuitives for the said Borough by a Majority of legal Vot* >, and tluTcfoiv ought to have been returned accordingly: And praying the House to take the Premiers into ConfidemUon, and give the Petitioner such UiduC therein us shall be just.

Ordered, '1 hat the said Petition be referred to the Coiihdrration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And tirnt tiny do examine the Mutter thereof; and re|toil the fume, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of A nth mu Keck F.squire, heretofore called Art Jinn it Jawcs, way prefrnted to the House, and read; fi tting fort! 1, Tout Mr. Anthony Kick, latent'Southampton* jinrt, Buondbury, in the County of Miudlt fee, dccculed, the Petitioners Grandfather, by hi> last U ill and Testa-imnt, iKMiing Date on or hIkxiI the Twenty-ninth Day of Jaauan/ 17 jo, did devise several Fftatrs, comprized therein, to tl«e Petitioner, lor Fife; with Kcmaind r to his i hit and every other Son, in Tail Male, successively; Remainder to Jhu /d Janu s, one of the Petitioners Biotin is, for Fife; witii the like Remainder to his Fit ft and every other Son, in rl’ail Male, liiccellively; Remainder to 7 lionJames, another of the Petitioners Brothers, for J.ife, wulj the like Remainder to his First anj every oilier > i, in Fail Male; with other Remainders over; on condition that the Petitioner, and his Iiliie, and all otiin Pe!l»*ns who llmuld, by virtue of the said Will, be in Po.iiiV.on of uil or any Part of the Premises tlicrcby deviled, liquid tile, and take iqxm tliemlelves respecti\; !v and lucceflively, the Surname of Keck: And that toe P< titioner is willing to comply with the Condition in the said Will contained; and hath, ever iinec the Death of t: i: till Anthony Keck, taken upon himlell, and uled, the Surname of Auk: And therefore, and to the end that the said Condition and Intention of the said Antluny Auk ti.c Teiiator may be made effectual, and fully performed. praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Fill lor enabling the Petitioner, and the Heirs Male of iiis Body, uiul every other Perkm, who by virtue of the said Will, shall be ill the Polk ilion and Se.ilin of the said Premi.e-, or of any Part thereof, respectively and fuceef-lively to take and ule the Surname of Keck.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Air. 7any and Mr. Longucvil/c do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to conlidcT of the Motion for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in hri Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

Refold'd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Vol. '

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Rejoiced, Newbie contradicetiie, 'Drat the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Rejo/ad, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolvc itself into a Committee of the whole lloule, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the N»vy tnd Navy for the Year 1737, with the Half-pay of the Offi- Army cers of the Navy, and Marines, be laid before this House. c#

Ordered, That an Kfrimate of the Charge for Guards,

Garisons, and Land Forces, for the Year 1737, he laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for I.and Service, for the Year 1737, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers, who are to be in Half-pay, for the Year 1737, be laid before tills House.

Ordered, That an Estimate be laid before this House of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of ChclJ'ca llofpitoi for the Year 1737.

Ordered, That a State of the Debt of his Majesty s Navy, as it flood at Chrijhnas last, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House,

shewing the Monies ariliii within the respcfiive Half Years ending at Lady-day, and Michaelmas last pase, ns well of or for the Excel’s or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as of or lbr the Excels or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the South Sea Fund, as allb of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the General Fund.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House,

shewing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 173(1* hath been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads,

Ordered, That an Account of the Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before tlus House.

Refulved, That an humble Addrest be presented to his Majesty, That lie will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the said Eliimate-, Lilt, State, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the lloule adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martts, 8° die Februarii;

Anno 10° Georgii IIdI Regis, 1736.

Pray e us,

AP F TITIO N of the Magistrates and Council of the Dunbar Town of Dunbar w as presented to the House, and Harbour.* read; letting forth, That the Grant of Two Penies Scots on each Pint of Ale brewed or vended within the said Town, or its Liberties, has been of very great Use, by enabling them to carry on many and considerable publick Works, for which the Town’s Patrimony was not sufficient; and that the Purposes, for which the said Grant was appropriated, are tar from being finished, Part of the Rock in the Bottom of the Harbour remaining yet to be dug up, while the carrying out of the great Pier to the Beacon Rock, and the cutting down to a perpendicular the Slope of

Answer to Address.

James*

Name.

Haverford

West

Election.

Prohibited East India Goods.

728 8

17 36.

sioners of the Customs, pursuant to an Act of Parliainen in that behalf, for the Reception of the said Goods; with what hath been brought in, delivered 6ut for Exportation, and now remains in the said Warehouses, between the 29th Day of September 1735 and the 29th Day of September 1736: And also,

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods in the Warehouses at Leadenhall, approved by the Commissioners of his Majesty V Customs, in? pursuance of an Act of Parliament in that behalf, for the Reception of the said Goods; with what has been brought in, delivered out for Exportation, and what remains in the said Warehouses, from the 29th of September 1735, to the 29th of September 1736, as per Two half-yearly Accounts given m to the said Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs: And also, An Account of what prohibited East India Goods remained in his Majesty's Warehouse in the Port of London at Michaelmas 1735, as also what brought in fmee, what exported, and what remained at Michaelmas 1736: And also,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in the respective Warehouses in the Out ports at Michael mas 1735, with what has been brought in since that time, what exported, as also w hat remained at Michaelmas 1736: And also,

A11 Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1735 to Michaelmas 1736: And also,

An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia in the Ports of England, commonly called the Out Ports, from Michaelmas 1735 to Michaelmas 1736.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

the Island,‘ foi* rendering the Entry to the Harbour more secure, are not so much as begun, neither the Supplying of the Town wdth fresh Water; and that both the Town’s Patrimony, and the said Grant, are very much burdened by the W orks already done, their Debt at Whitsunday 1734, amounting to about Six hundred Pounds Sterling; and that unless the said Grant, which expires in the Year 1738, is prolonged, the said Works must remain unfinished: And therefore praying the House to allow a Bill to be brought in for prolonging the said Grant for such a Number of Years, and on such Terms, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the faijie, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fall, Mr. Crosse, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Hungerford, Lord Sundon, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Thompson, Sir Wm. Wentworth, General Wade, Mr. Wynne, Sir John Rufhout, Colonel Ducket, Sir John Cope, Mr. Treby, Mr. Ccefar, Mr. Walker, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Archer, Mr. Longueoille, Mr. Tozvnjhend, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Sandys; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be gra-cioully pleated to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, the several Estimates, Lift, State, and Accounts, therein mentioned, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Tracy presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable Anthony James Esquire, and his Heirs Male, to take and ule the Surname of Keck, pursuant to the Will of Anthony Keck Gentleman, deceased: And the feme was received; and read the Ifiift time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Wyrriott Ozvcn EsquirC was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, upon the Sixth Day of May last past, at the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Town and County of Haver-ford, West, the Petitioner, and Erasmus Phillips Esquire, stood Candidates; and, notwithstanding the Petitioner had a great Majority of legal Votes, yet the Sheriff, being a Servant of the said Erasmus Phillips, or his Father, declared him duly elected; but that a Poll being demanded in favour of the Petitioner, and proceeded in, the Sheriff, in taking the feme, admitted of great Numbers, not qualified, to vote therein for the said Erasmus Phillips, contrary to just Rights of the said Town, and to the last Resolution of the House of Commons; by which Means, and divers other undue, corrupt, and illegal Practices, and refuting to admit Persons to vote for the Petitioner, who had very good and undoubted Titles to their Poll, the Sheriff* pretended that there was a Majority in favour of the said Erasmus Phillips; and accordingly returned the said Eras mus Phillips, to the great Injury of the Petitioner: And praying such Relief as to the House shall appear just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House

The House being informed, That feme of the Commissioners of the Customs attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods in the Warehouses at St. Hellcns, approved of by the Commis-

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his Debtor* Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, in the City and County of Petition. Bristol, in behalf of themselves, and all other Prisoners confined for Debt within the several Prisons of this Kingdom, w as presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants living within paving, the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, in the County &c. Streets of Middlefer, and Borough of Southwark, in the County m Middlefwtf of Surry, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; alledging, That the Streets within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, in the said County and Borough, now are, and have been for feme time, in a very ruinous Condition, occasioned by the Neglect of those who ought to repair the feme; by the too frequent paving without any Regard to proper Levels, and by the bad and irregular laying down the Pavements broke up by the Proprietors of Water-works, over whom there is no Controul, and by the Number of empty Houses; and that the Laws for cleansing the Streets are defective, and the Powers for obliging Scavengers and Rakers to do their Duty not sufficient; and that there are many Nuisances in the several Streets within the Limits aforesaid, occasioned by Builders, Night Carts, and Encroachments, which want the Assistance of the Le-gillature to prevent: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Robert Hucks, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Gybbon, Mr. Corbett, Sir Thomas Aston, Mr. Hampden,

Mr. Ccefar, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Lockycar, Sir Rowland Alfton, Sir Wm. Heathcote, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Henry Archer, Mr. White, Mr. Talbot, Captain Purvis, Mr.

Hurley,

°r4nanfe

kuimate.

io Geo. II.

n uxlry, Mr. Cruffe, Mr. Tracy, General Wade, Mr. ff hitzcurlh, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Plumptre, Sir JWm Ix>rd / Vrc Beau clerk, Mr. Ijarvche, Sir AV/-ictfrrf Dering% Mr. Bung, Mr. Eyles, Mr. Thompson, Lord Noel Samerfet, Mr. Ilungcrford\ Sir James Camp-hell, Mr. Ismgueville, Colonel Duckett, Sir Gro. Wynne, Sir Gro. Beaumont, Mr. /or. Colonel Onjlou', Mr. Campbell, Sir Ao/f/i Bushout, Mr, Tucker, Mr. ITynd-Aflw, Mr. Archer; and all the Members w ho serve for the Counties of Midtllesex and Surry: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at l;ive of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: Aud have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

729

Sir Thomas I.yttcllon, from the Commissioners for exe- ^avy cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Grew/ J3W- Estimate, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, the ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Nary, for the Y'ear 1737.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie Upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Estimate is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Aud the Abstract thereof is as follows; viz.

8° Februarii.

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy for the Year 1737.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, &c. Comtniftioners of the Navy, with the Secretary s Officers, Clerks, and Instruments, and Contingencies relating the reto

a. Superannuated Sea Officers 3. Pensions, and other Allowances

4

.v

6.

Yards

f Chatham Deptford I if.

Wohi ii h ——

z. Port (mouth ——

8. Sheer atJf -

9. Plymouth - . - . -

10. Muffer-maffers, and other Officers of the Out Ports -

11. Wa/cs to Ships and VefiVIs in ordinary -

12. Victuals to the Officers anti Men fining therein -

13. Charge of the Harbour Mooruurs ....

14. Ordinary Repair of fiis M.ijtlivs Ships in Harbour, and of the Dock;

ings, S'c. -

l.*5. Ordinary Charge of lick and hurt Seamen ..

16. Half-pay to Sea Officers ....

L s. d.

C.o‘4 *3 "1

3»384 15 — i

3.307 7 2

3.08 a 11 4

2,521 8 J

4.303 !3 6 f

1,813 4

2,506 10 0 J

- - m

Wharfs, Build-

- - m

s. d.

28,062 14 1

9,439 8 11

*7.734 >5 8

3»6a8 5 30,042 11 *3»635 15 22,002 —

10

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1737 -

62,987-----

1,068 15 — 30,000 —

219,201 6 5

To which may be added,

For defraying the Expence for maintaining, in the Royal Hospital of Greenwich, an additional Number of disabled Seamen taken and to he taken into it, w ho are worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, there being now Nine hundred poor Seamen maintained in the said I lospitali as also for a sufficient Number of Ntirfis, being the Widows of Officers, and poor Seamen; and for carrying un the Buildings, and other Incidents, of the said Hospital; for the Year 1737; 'lcn thou land Pounds -

And then the Total of the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1737, amounts toi

Two hundred twenty-nine thousand Two hundred One Pounds Six Shillings and V. 229,201 6 5

Five Pence -.....,) - -

l 10,000-----

Bichard Haddock, Ja. Acrcorth, Thomas Pearfe, G. Purvis, J. Fouler, Bo. Byng.

Mr. Gregont presented to the House, pursuant to their And the Title thereof was read.

Address to his Majesty, An Estimate of the Charge of The said Estimate is as follows; viz.

the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1737.

As ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1737*

LAND SERVICE.

Ordinary of the Office, comprising Repairs of Storehouses, £. s. d.

Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons,

Rents, Salaries, and other incident Charges - - 38,835 7 6

Eliabliff)ments at Mahon, Gibraltar, Annapolis, Placen-

tia, and North Britain - ..... - 9,962 3 9

Half Pay of the Officers that have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, Spain, and on several Expeditions ----- - 425 15 —

EXTRAORDINARIES.

Towards carrying on the Fortifications, Repairing of Storehouses, and Supplying of Stores.

C Gibraltar J Mahon -j Annapolis [Placentia

10,000-----

5,000-----

700 — — 300-----

£ * d-

49,223 6 3

16,000 — —

Vo 1. 22.

8 Z

L * d-

Towards

Greenwich

Hospital*

Naval Serv ic«s.

Seamen

employed,

Land Tax Arrears.

House. Duty Arrears.

Maget»’

iSaL

730 8° — 90 Februarii.

A. 173

Towards rebuilding and repairing the Fortifications at Sheerness -

Towards building and repairing the Fortifications, at Portsmouth Towards carrying on the new Fortifications and Barracks at Fort Augustus,

in the Highlands of Scotland.....- - -

One hundred Tons of Saltpetre -

Exceedings, for which no Allowance hath been made by Parliament.

Arms sent to thelfland of Providence in America, for supplying One Independent Company of Foot there, by his Majesty’s Warrant, dated the 31st October 1735 -

Arms sent to Jamaica for the Two Independent Companies there, by her Majesty’s Warrant, dated the 24th Sept, 1736 -

3,000 —

4»5°°-----

— 79-7 2 3 6 3

) 2

— 604 19 2

I 80,328 5 5

Cha. Wills, John Armstrong, Geo. Gregory, L. Smelt, W. R. Earle.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, a State of the yearly Revenue and Expence of Greenwich Mofpitaf.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account flic wing how the Money granU:d lall Scfhon of Parliament for Greemvich Hospital has been disposed of.

That the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital do lay before this House, an Account of what Money has been received by him> on Account of the said Hospital, from Christmas 1735 to Christmas 1736; and how the same has been applied.

Ordered, That the Treasurer of the Navy do lay before this House, an Account of what Money has been ordered by the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, and received by him, for any Service of the Navy, from the 31st of December 1735 to ^ie 31^ December 1736; diliinguithing the Times when the same was received, and the Services to which it was applied.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before 1 his House, an Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31st of December 1735 to the 3ill of December 173b, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what mustered, in the said Service.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were handing out at Christmas I aft, with the Names of the respective Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguii^ing each Year, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account of what Arrears of Duties upon Houses were handing out at Christmas last, with the Names of the respective Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguishing each Year, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, N iue of the Clock.

Merctirii,90 di Februarii;

A11110 10° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1736.

Pray e rs.

APE FITION of Nicholas Ma gens, John Timmerman, and Theodore Da-cel, was presented to the 22

House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners were horn out of his Majesty’s Allegiance, but have pra-fefied tile true Protestant Religion, and given TestimoiVy of their Loyalty to his Majesty: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Alderman Uea/hcofe, Mr. Devon, and Sir John Hcathcole, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petitition of Richard Manley jp.nd Hugh Williams Fftpiires was presented to the I Ioufe, and read; setting forth. That, at the last Election of Citizens to serve in this p re font Parliament for ! lie City of Chester, Sw Robert Grosvenor, Sir Charles Banbury, Baronets, and the Petitioners, Hood Candidates: That the Petitioners had an undoubted Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned accordingly; but, by the indirect and illegal Practices oi the said Sw Robert Grosvenor, Siv Charles Banbury, their Friends and Agents, and by the partial and nn just Proceedings of the Returning Officer, the said Sir Robert Grosvenor and Sir diaries Banbury were returned, in Prejudice to the Petitioners: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Joseph Poachon was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was born out of his Majesty’s Allegiance, but hath pro-sessed the true Protestant Religion, and given Testimony of his Loyalty to his Majesty: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir James Campbell, and Mr. Brerelon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Thomas Lyttelton, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from ill of January 1733 to the 31st of December 173b, upon a Medium ol each Month; distinguishing what. Number were borne, and what mustered, in the said Service.

And the Title thereof was read.

The laid Account is as follows; vis.

Navy

Cfiefter

Election.

PourlionV

Nat.

Seamen

employed.

Supply.

io Geo. IT*

9P — 10° Februarii.

731

_ / y } ,ce* g An ACCOUNT of the the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal i c ruary 173 . j \avy, from the 1st of January 1735 to the 3 ill December 1736, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what mufiered, in the said Service; prepared pursuant to an Order of the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, signified by Mr. Burchett s letter, dated the ift February 173G.

Months. Number of Men.

r Horne. \ Muttered.

January - >735 25,178 21,891

February - - — 2 3-55* 22,291

March - 1736 - 21,576 20,104

April - — - >7.774 16,798

May - - — >7,393 16,671

June - — > 7,378 16,479

July - - — 16,669 >4.813

Au^ufl — >3’55^ 12,920

September - — >3*>45 12.348

October - — 12,901 >2,328

Sai'ember ~ - — >3«"l9° *2.799

December - - — >3,5>9 j >2,836

204,130 j 192,368

Upon a Medium - - - 17,010 1 16.030

Richard Haddock, Ja. Ackicorlh,

77// mas Pea rfe, (*. Purvis9 7. FrJer,

Ro.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon thcTable, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Order of the Dav being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to considerof the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, 'I hat the ordinary Ultimate of his Majesty's Navy for the Year 1737 be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had conic toleveral Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles 7//r/?rralfo acquainted the Hotife, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Jovis, 10° die Fe;

Anno to* Georgii II-1 Regis, 1736*

PltA ye us.

A PETITION of the insolvent Debtors confined Debtors in the County Gaol of Monmouth was presented Petition, to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress:

And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed, that Mr. Corbett, from Kaval the Treasurer of the Navy, attended at the Door; Services.

lie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Money has been ordered by the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, and received by the Treasurer of his Majesty’s Navy, for any Services of the Navy, from the3ift December 1735 to the 31st De cembtr 1736.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vql. 22.

Treasury.

73*

io° Februarii. 173

1

thpTofh Fshri/nrn \ A n ACCOUNT of what Money has been ordered by the Right honour-

y Is 7-3 able the Lor(js Commissioners of the Treasury, and received by the Treasurer of his Majesty’s Navy, for any Services of the Navy, from 31st December 1735 to 31st December 1736; distinguishing the Times when the same was received, and the Services to which it was applied; prepared in pursuance of an Order of the honourable House of Commons, dated 8th February 1736-7.

Time.

'735-6- ,

1 January 8th.

Ditto 23d.

' Feb.5.

Ditto 6.

Mar. 8.

SERVICES.

To received at his Majesty’s Exchequer, in Money out of Loans on the Salt Duty, Part of the Supplies Anno 1735* *he Sum of £. 182,426. 19*. id. for the Services following; viz.

To pay all the Yards Two Quarters Pay, due Michaelmas 1735 i vlZt

d.

On the Head of Ordinary: - 51,319-----

Wear and Tear 64,681 — —

On the Head of Vi6lualling:

To pay the Coopers, Labourers, JCc. Two Quarters Pay, d ue Mich a el mas 1735 -

On the Head of Wages:

To pay Men ordered to be discharged from the Ships now in Pay at home, for reducing them to Guard Ships, and for other Services -

To received at Ditto, in Money advanced by the Bank of England, for Exchequer Bills charged on the Land Tax Anno \ 735, the Sum of £. 16,000 for the Services following; viz.

To be paid to Greemvich Hospital, for the Support thereof On the Head of Wages:

To pay Flag pay, and other Services -On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay Imprefts, and Bills of Exchange

To received at Ditto, in Money out of the following Funds, the Sum of £. 109,844. 1 is. 8d. for the Services under mentioned; viz.

£ s. d.

33,136 11 6 advanced by the Bank of England for

Exchequer Bills charged on the Land Tax Anno 1735.

76,708 — 2 out of Loans on the Salt Duty, Part of the Supplies Anno 1735.

109,844 11 8

On the Head of Wages:

To carry on the Payment of Ships ordered to be paid off On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay One Month’s Course, due the 31st August 1735 On the Head of Vi6lualling:

To pay One Month’s Course, due 31st £. s. d. August 1735 - - - i4>494 m 8

To pay Short-allowance-money - - 10,000-----

To pay Bills of Exchange - 5,000-----

To received at his Majesty’s Exchequer, in Money out of Loans on the Sait Duty, Part of the Supplies Anno 1735, the Sum of £. 131,462. 13$. gd. for the Services following; viz.

On the Head of Wages:

To pay off his Majesty’s Ship HeSfor, lately arrived from foreign Parts, and for paying Ships at home under Orders of Payment - 50,000-----

To pay Bills in Course for Pilotage,

due 31st December 1735 - - 7,450-----

To pay Sick and Hurt Quarters, One

Year, due Ditto time - - , 15,229 17 9

To pay Bills of Exchange drawn on the

Sick and Hurt Office - 2,000-----

d.

S U M.

£- dK

116.000 -

6,426 19 1

60.000 -

5.000 -

8.000 -

3.000 -

20,000 — —

60,350 —

29,494 11 8

182,426 19 1

16,000-----

109,844 11 8

74.679 *7 9

Time

io Geo

Time.

*735-

1736. Ditto 30th.

April 15th. Ditto 22(3.

May 4th.

’ Vol. 22.

II.

io ° Februarii.

733

SERVICES.

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay One Month’s Course, due 30th September 1735 O11 the Head of Ordinary:

To pay 4 a Year’s Half-pay to Sea

Officers, due 31st December 1735 - 11,000-----

To pay Pensions to superannuated Sea Officers, due Ditto time - - 4,250 — —

On the Head of Vi6tualling:

To pay One Month’s Course, due 30th September 1735 -

To received at Ditto, in Money, out of the following Funds; viz.

I. s. d.

59,376 — 10 out of Loans remaining in the Exchequer, of the Duties on Salt, for the Service of the Year 1735.

65,357 9 2 advanced by the Bank of England, for

Exchequer Bills charged on the Malt Duty Anno 1736.

124,733 10 — For the Services under-mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Wages:

To pay off Ships lately arrived from Lisbon, and other Services on this Head; whereof £. 11,77a. 14s. $d. is to make good the Deficiency of the Grants to the Navy for the Year 1735 -

On the Head of Ordinary:

To pay a Quarter’s Salary to the Jftight honourable the Lords of the Admiralty, the Commissioners, and other "Officers of the Navy, due Lady-day £. s. d.

i736p.....7>8o°-----

To pay 'a Quarter’s Pensions, due Ditto

time - - - 262 10 —

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay One Month’s Course, due 31st

October 1735 - - - 21,230-----

'so pay Fees at the Exchequer, and to the Auditors, apd other Contingencies of the Pay Office - - - 3,000 ——

On the Head of Victualling:

To pay One Month’s Course, due 31st October 1735

To received at his Majesty’s Exchequer, in Money out of Loans on the Malt Duty, Anno 1736, the Sum of £. 8,000 for the Services following; viz.

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay Imprefts, and Bills of Exchange -On the Head of Vi&uaHing:

To pay Bills of Exchange....

To received at Ditto, ip Money advanced by the Bank of England, for Exchequer Bills charged on the Malt Duty Anno 1736, the Sum of £. 22,000, for the Services following j viz.

On the Head of Wages:

For Payment of his Majesty’s Ships,.and other Services -On the Head of Victualling:

To pay Necessaryrmoney, Short Beer-money, and Contingencies - -

To received at Dittp, jp Money, out of the following Funds; viz.

£. s. d.

35,303 7 1 It (advanced by the Bank of England, for

i Exchequer Bills charged on the Land Tax ^7^01736.

12,582 12 — I advanced by the Bank of England, for Exchequer Bills charged on the Malt

.-----; Duty 4nfl° 1736.

£7*886 -1--7 For the Services under-mentioned 5 viz.

£. s. d. 32,919 — —

i5>25° *-----

8,613 16 —

SUM.

131,462 13 9

80,000 — —

8,062 xo —

24,230 — — 12,441-----

3.000 -

5.000 -

20,000 -

2,000 -

I24>733 "

8,000 — —

22,000 — —

Time

734

Time.

1736.

May 20th.

June 4 th.

Ditto qth.

July 1 ft and 2d.

io° Februarii.

SERVICES.

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay One Month’s Course, due 30th November 1735

On the Head of Victualling: £. s. d.

To pay One Month’s Course, due Ditto

time ----- 16,884 —

To pay Bills of Exchange - . - - 5,000 — —

To received at Ditto in Money, advanced by the Bank of England, for Exchequer Bills on the Land Tax Anno 1736, the Sum of £.20,000 for the Services following; viz.

On the Head of Wages:

To pay Ships under Orders to be paid, to the 31st of December lafi, and for carrying on the Recalls of Ships pail - -

To received at his Majesty’s Exchequer, in Money advanced by the Bank of England, for Exchequer Bills charged on the Land Tax Anno 1736, the Sum erf £. 6,1,9-15 for the Services following; viz.

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay One Month’s Course, due 31st £. s. d.

December 1735 - - - - 16,535 — —

To pay Imprefts, and Bills of Exchange 3,000 — —

On the Head of Wages:

To pay Bills on this Head - . - -; 1,000-----

To pay Ships under Orders to be paid, to 3 lit December 1735, and for other

Services ----- 25,000 -

On the Head of Victualling:

To pay One Month’s Course, due 31st

December 1735 - -17,910 — _ —

To pay Necessary-money and Contingencies - - - - 1,500 — —

To received at Ditto, in Money, out of Contributions for ! Annuities at £. 3 per Cent. per Annum, payable out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1736, the Sum of £.9,000 for the Services following; viz.

1 On the Head of Wages:

To pay a Year’s Pension to the Ched at Chatham, due ' Lady-day lad - -

To pay Bills of Exchange drawn on the Sick and Hurt Office - - - .1

To received at Ditto, in Money, out of Ditto Fund, the Sum of £.154,775, 1 is.^d. for the Services following; viz.

Ob the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay One Month’s Course, due 3 id January lad

On the Head of Victualling: £. s. d.

To pay One Month’s Course, due Ditto time - - . ‘

1 o pay the Coopers, Labourers, SCc.

Two Quarter’s Pay, due Lady-day lad

- 20,086-----

6,450

On the Head of Ordinary; j To pay a Quarter’s Salary to the Right honourable the 1 Lords of the Admiralty, the Commissioners- nth*

Admiralty, the Commissioners, and other 1 Officers of the Navy, due Midsummer f, s d j last - - . . A

I To pay a Quarter’s Pensions, due Ditto time - -

- . 7,700-----

262 10 —

To

laft8'V r/~ the YardS TW° ^uarters Pay> due lady-day

Ou the Head of Ordinary - _ 207 ______

Wear and Tear - - 58*539-----

A. 1736.

SUM.

L s.

26,002 —

d.

£. s, d.

21,884 — —

47,886 — ]

20,000

*9*535 ——

26,000 —

i9,4l0>-----

64,945 —

7.000 -

2.000 -

16,53 —

26,536

7,962 10 —

103.746 —

9,000 —

54.775

.‘.V 5

io Geo. II.

io° Februarii.

Tim*.

*736-

July 8th.

Ditto 2gd.

Jtugujl 3d.

Ditto 18th.

Ditto 2SU1.

Ditto 31 A.

SERVICES.

1

To received at his Majest v’s Exchequer, in Money, out of Contributions for Annuities, at 3 Cent, per 4Innum, payable out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 17^6, the Sum of £.78,4^1, for the Services following; viz.

On the Head of M'ages:

To pay off Seven Ships daily expected home from Li/-bvtt9 and the Shccmcfs, to the 31 (I of December last, and other Services ....

To received at D* in Money, out of D* Fund, the Sum o( £. 64,098, for the Services following; viz.

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay Inipreils, and Bills of Ex- £. s. d.

change.....3,000-----

To pay One Month's Course, due 29th

February tail ... 13>959 -

On the Head of Wages:

To pay off his Majesty's Ships the Nexocastle, Pearl, and Spence Sloop, arrived from the Leeward Islands, and other Services ....

On the Head of Victualling:

To pay One Month’s Course, due 29th February last.

To pay Bills of Exchange To pay Necessary-nioney, and Contingencies ..

735

11,139 — 4,000-----

2,000 — —

To received at D*, in Money out of D* Fund, the Sum of £.17,(>54. iy*. o d.Ii>r the Services following; viz.

On the Head of Ordinary:

To pay Hulf a Year’s half-pay to Sea Officers, due 30U1 June tail -

To pay Pensions to superannuated Sea Officers, due D* time -

To received at D", in Money out of D* Fund, the Sum of £.6,000, f<V the Services following; viz.

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay ImprelLs and Bills of Exchange -On the Head of Wages:

To pay Bills of Exchange, drawn on the Sick and Hart Office -

To received at his Majesty’s Exchequer, in Money, out of Arrears of the Duties on Malt Anno 1734, granted towards the Supplies Anno 1736, the Sum of /.i,886. 14 s. 2d.for the Service following; viz.

On the Head of Victualling:

To Pav a Bill made out to Corbett Esquire, Pay-maller to the Charity for the Relief of poor Widows of Sea Officers, for the Value of the Victualling of Widows Men borne on the Books of Ships paid between the 6th September 1735 and 30th June 1736 To received at D*, in Money out of the following Funds, the Sum of £.40,720, for the Services undermentioned; viz.

£. s. d.

40,000 — — in Money out of Loans on the Land Tax, Anno 1736.

-20 — ____in Money advanced by the Bank of England, for Exchequer Bills charged on

__________. the Land Tax Anno 1736.

40,720-----

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay One Month’s Course, due 31st March last On the Head of Wages:

To pay off the Scarborough, and other Ships daily ex-netted home, and for other Services P On the Head of Victualling:

To pay one Month’s Course, due 3 ill March last

SUM.

s.

d.

£. s. d.

78,451-----

‘6.959 — —

30,000 — —

‘7>‘39-----

64,098 — —

‘3.5°4 ‘9 —

4,150-----

17,654 19 —

4,000 — —

2,000 — —

6,000 — —

2,886 14 2

13.781 — -15,000 — —

11,939 —

V01. 2‘2.

40,720 — — Time.

73*5

Time,

»736. Sept. 17/A.

October 1 ft.

October 14 th.

D itto 29th.

November 8tja.

December lft.

Ditto 10th.

1 o° Februarii.

SERVICES.

To received at Ditto, in Money advanced by the Bank of England, for Exchequer BiIJs charged on the Land Tax Anno 1736, the Sum of £19,000 for the Serv ices following; viz.

On the Head of Wages:

To pay off his Majesty’s Ship the Argyle, lately arrived from the West Indies, and for other Services On the Head of Vi6lualiing: £ s. d.

To pay Bills of Exchange - - 3,000-----

To pay Short-allowance-money - 1,000 -7---

To Received at D° in Money, out of D° Fund, die Sum of £25,312. 10s. od. -for the Services following; viz. On the Ileaql of Wear and Tear;

To pay One Month’s Pourse, due 30th April 1736 On the Head of Victualling: '

To pay One Month’s Course, due Ditto

time ... - . 7,745-----

To pay Short-allowance Money r 1,000-----

On the Head of Ordinary:

To pay a Quarter’s -Salary to the Right honourable ttye Lords of the Admiralty, the Commissioners, and other Officers of the Navy, due Michaelmas 1736 r - - 7,800 — —

To pay a Quarter’s jPensions, due D*

time - - - - 262 10 —

To received at his Majesty’s Exchequer, in Money, advanced by the Bank of England, for Exchequer hills charged on the Land T20a Anno 1736, the Sum of £4,960 for the Service following $ viz.

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay Imprefts, and Bills of Exchange To Received at DJ, in Money, out . of D° Fund, the Sum of £16,767 for the Services following; viz.

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay One Month’s Course, due 31st May 1736 On the Head of Victualling:

To pay One Month’s Pourse, due D® time -

To received at D°, in Money, out of D° Fund, the Sum of£ 10,000 for the Services following; viz.

On the Head of Wages:

For carrying on the Payment.of Officers and Men left unpaid on Ships lately paid off, and for other Services To received at D° in Money, out of D® Fund, die Sum of £41,3to for the Services following; viz.

On the Head of Wdar and Tear:

To pay One Month’s Pourse, due 30th June last O11 the ffead of Victualling,:

To pay One Month’s Course, due Ditto £. s. d.

tityie - - .. . 22,648 — —

To pay Bills of Exchange - - 3,000-----

To pay Necessary-money and Contingencies - - 2,000 -

To received at his Majesty’s Exchequer, in Money, advanced by the Banfc of England, for Exchequer Bills charged on the L^nd Tax Anno 1736, the Sum of £13,000, for the Services following; viz.

On the Head of Wages:

For parrying on the Payment of Officers and Men left unpaid on Ships lately paid off, and for other Ser-vipes - - - ,

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay Imprefts, and Bills of Exchange

A. 173

£. s. d.

15,000

4,000 -- r-r

8,5°5-----

8.745 " "

8,062 10

9>352

7.415

13,662

27,648-----

10,000

3,000

S U M.

£ d-

19,000 — —

25,3T2 10 —

4,000 —

16,767

10,000 — —

41,310 —

13,000-----

Time

debtors

Petitioas.

Kincardine

Election.

io Geo. II. 10° FebruariL 737

Time. SERVICES. SUM.

December 31st. To received, at ditto, in Money, out of ditto Fund, the Sum of £. 43,413. 10. 0. for the Services following; viz. £ d. £* s

On the Head of Ordinary: To pay a Quarter’s Salary to the Right £. s. d. honourable the Lords of the Admiralty, the Commissioners, and other Officers of the Navy, due Christmas 1736 - - 7,600 — — To pay a Quarter’s Pensions due D° time - 262 10 — 7,86a 10 — 18,108 17*443

' On the Head of Wear and Tear: To pay One Month’s Course, due 31st July 1736 - On the Head of Victualling: To pay One Month's Course, due ditto) time - 12,443 — — To pay Bills of Exchange - - 5,000

43,413 io — ‘

The Sum Total is One Million Two hundred Seventy-three thousands.. Six hundred Eighty-seven Pounds Nineteen Shillings and One Peny i,*73.687 19 1

Ar. Onslow.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the poor confined Debtors in Ruthin Gaol, in Denbighshire, in North Wales, on their own behalf, and many Thousands of others, and in behalf of many Thousands fled beyond the Sea, for Fear of a Prison; and also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his Majesty’s Gaol at Rodzvell, in the County of York, and in and for the I lonoi of Pontefract; and also,

A Petition of the poor confined Debtors in Halifax Gaol, in the County of York, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousands others, as well those fled beyond Sea, as those confined in the Gaols of this Kingdom $ and also,

A Petit ion of the pobr miserable Prisoners for Debts and Damages in the Caille Gaol, Oxford; and also,

A Petition of the poor Debtors now in Confinement in the County Gaol of Southampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also,

A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors, nowin his Majesty's Gaol in Reading, in the County of Berks;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of John Scott, of JVardropcrtoun, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, upon the 28th of May 1 734, being the Day appointed for the FI eft ion of a Commissioner to serve in this prefen t Parliament for the Shire of Kincardine, IVm. Burnett, of Crigie, Esquire, was duly elected Pnrfes, and Mr. John Maulc was duly elected Clerk, by the Majority of Freeholders, who had a Right to vote in furh Election: That the Minority of the Freeholders thereupon fpparated themselves from the Majority: That the Freeholders who continued together, after having adjusted the Roll, unanimously, to the Number of Thirteen, voted for the Petitioner, to be Commissioner for the said Shire; and the said Mr Mauley who was Clerk, and the proper Returning Officer, did, agreeable to Law, tender a Return of the Petitioner’s Name to Arthur Shepherd, Deputy Sheriff of the said Shire, there being no Principal Sheriff, and required him to receive such Return, and annex it to the Writ; but that the said Arthur Shepherd, in the manifest Violation of the Vol.

Right of Elections, hath taken upon himself, by Indenture between him and one John Young, who had no Colour of Right to join in such Indenture, to return John Falconer, of Phefdo, Esquire, to be Commissioner for the said Shire: That the said John Falconer was not capable of being so elected, not being seised or possessed of such an Estate as in titled him cither to elect or be elected; That several Persons, who pretended to vote for the said John Falconer, had no Right or Title to vote; and they refused to take the v Oatiis appointed by Law to be taken by the Electors of Members to serve in Parliament: That the Persons who pretended to vote for the said John Falconer, having withdrawn and separated from the duly elected Prafes and Clerk, could not regularly choose any Commissioner for the said Shire: That, as well before as at the Election, many undue and illegal Practices were made use of by, for, and in favour of, the said John Falconer, in order to procure him to be elected and returned to serve in Parliament for the said Shire f and though he was not duly chose, yet he hath been returned, by a Person who had no Right to make such Return, though the Petitioner was duly elected, and who, as tiic proper Officer tendered a Return of hitn to the Sheriff, ought to have been returned accordingly:

Ami praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give the Petitioner such Relief as to the House flirtll seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are there- Whitechapel unto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act, to Woodford passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Ma- Road., jesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the Stones End at Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Shenfield, and to the furthermost Part of the Parish of Woodford, leading to the Town of Epping, in the County of Essex, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Trustees, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That, upon passing the said Act, the Petitioners were obliged tp borrow a considerable Sum of Money, on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, in order to make all the Roads directed to be repaired passable for Carriages y Part of which Monies lb borrowed is paid off; but that there dill remains due, on the Credit of the said Act, the Sum of £. 1,500 and upwards; and that

9 B although

Ufa

738

io" Febrttarii.

A. 1736.

although the fame, together with the Income of the said Tolls, except what hath been paid in Part of the Principal, and for the Interest of the Money borrowed, and towards ocher necessary Expences, have been laid out in amending the said Roads; yet, in regard many heavy Carriages frequently pass through the fame, forne Parts of the said Roads, in the Winter-season, are very bad, and the rest will soon be in a ruinous Condition, if there is not a sufficient Fund applicable towards keeping the same in Repair; and that the Petitioners cannot, during the Term subsisting, jeffectually repair the said Roads, nor repay the said Money so borrowed, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act be enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers, granted by the said former Act, for so long time, and in such manner, as to the House shall seem meet, v Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Bramjton, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Life, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Wortley, Mr. jBevan, Sir James Campbell, Mi . Hacks, Sir Charles Mor-daant. Sir Miles Stapylton, SirJof.Eyles, Mr. Packer, Mr- Treby, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Gibson, Mr. Plumery Mr. Hoar, Mr. Jeffries, Mr. Lockwood, Colonel Onjlozo, Mr. Bladen, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Kynnaston, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Master. Sir John St. Aubin, Mr. Maifer, Mr. Brereton, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Mr. Earle, Mr. Coster, Mr. Tozver, Mr. Dennis, Mr. Yates, Sir Hum. Hoiearth, Mr. Edwards, Sir Geo. Wynne, Mr. Robert Harley, Mr. Gere, Sir Richard Mills, Mr. Tracey, Lord Tyrconnell, Sir Jujl. Isham, Sir James Grant, Mr. Edzoard Kynnaston, Mr. Owen, Sir Hen. Northcott, Sir Christopher Powell, Mr. Revell, Mr. Parsons, Mr.

Archer, Sir Hum. Monoux, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Fydell, Mr. Ashley, Mr. Eyles, Mr. Harvey, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Price; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Low Layton A Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Persons,

to Woodford whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living in or near Road. the Road leading from the Causeway in the Parish of Lozv Layton, in the County of Essex, through Wanjiead, to the End of the Parish of Woodford, next to the Parish of Chigwell, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the said Road containing Three Miles, or thereabouts, is, by reason of many heavy Carriages frequently passing through the fame, become very bad and ruinous, especially in the Winter-season, and cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws now in force, be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, unless some further Provision be made for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, or that Provision may be made in some Bill depending

1 before the House, for repairing and amending the said Road, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the Stones End at Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Sheffield, and to the furthermost Part of the Parish of Woodford, leading to the Town of Epping, in the Coudty of Essex, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Trustees, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Bevan, Mr. Lloyd[ Mr.

Hooper, Mr. Robert Hucks, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gybbon,

Mr. White, Mr. Whitworth, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr.

Talbot, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hay,

Mr. Crosse, Sir John Rufiout, Mr. Earle, Mr. Thompson,

Sir John St. Aubin, Mr. Noel, Mr. Pitt, Sir Miles Stapylton, M r. Kynnaston, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Maijler, Mr. Gibson, Mr. Longuevttle,

Mr. Treby, Mr. Holden, Mr. Lindsay, Mr. IVollapn,

Mr. Montague, Mr. Tower, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr Frank-land, Mr. Hales, Lord Cornbury> Lord Baltimore, Mr. Plumer, Sir Edmund Bacon: And all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the New Sam City of Nezo Sanim, in the County of Wilts; aodalfo, Slrecti

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Highways, Streets, and Watercourses in the said City, are much out of Repair, and want Paving; and that the Laws now in force, in relation to the Highways, are not sufficient to repair the fame, and cannot be put in Execution, as ’tis apprehended, without great Hardship to the poorer fort of the People; and that the Streets of the said City, for the most part, are very strait and regular, and may be enlightened at a small Expence; and that the Watch and Ward, which is now set, and kept there, pursuant to the Statute at Winchester, is of little or no Use, and of a considerable Expence to the Inhabitants of the said City: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower the Mayor, Justices of the Peace, and Inhabitants, of the said City, to order the cleansing, and repairing, and paving, the Highways, and Streets, and Water-courses, and enlightening the said Streets, and the Lanes and Passages, and to appoint the Watch, at such Times in the Year, and in such manner, as they shall think proper; and that the Money to be raised for the Purposes aforesaid be raised by a Pound Rate, or by such other Ways or Means as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Balhurst, Mr. Hoar, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Fox, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Harley, Mr'. Longueville, Sir Wm. Heathcote,

Lord Tyrconnell, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Clayton,

Mr. Tracey, Mr. Pleydell, Sir Nicolas Williams, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Ernie, Colonel Lyddell, Captain Evans,

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Kent, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Arm-dell, Mr. Hedges, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Crosse,

Mr. Tucker, Mr. Walker, Sir Charles Turner, Mr, Compton, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Ongley, Sir Charles Vernon, Sir Roger Burgoyne, Mr. Wollafion, Mr, Edwards, Mr. Hume Campbell, Sir John Shelley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Expiring

Laws.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued:

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Ten thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for the Year 1737, beginning from the First Day of January 1736.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per 16 Month,

Supply.

Ways and Man*

Debtor*

IVtztioiu.

io Geo. II.

Month, be allowed, for maintaining the said Ten thousand Men for Thirteeu Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

Refotved* That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Two hundred and nineteen thousand Two hundred and One Pounds Six Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half pay to Sea Officers, for the Year 1737.

The said Refutations, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerity 11° d;

Anno io* Georgii IP* Regis 1736.

P EAT EftS.

A PETITION of the insolvent Prisoners confined for Debt in his Majesty’s Prison of Yirugate, in the City of London* on behalf of thrmselves, and many Thou&ndi the like miserable Objects; and also, A Petition of the Prisoners in his Majesty’s Pi Hon of the Flttt, in behalf of iheuiselves, and many Thousands in the several Gaols of this Kingdom, and of all such Persons as have fled to other Countries, or otherwise absconded from their lawful Callings, for Fear of

739

Arrests and Imprisonment, who are willing to surrender up all their Estates and Effects, in Discharge of their Debts; and [also,

A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors confined in his Majesty’s Castle or Gaol for the County of Gloucester* whose Hands are thereunder subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of other unhappy Wretches confined for Debt in the several Prisons in this Kingdom;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

complaining of their Distrefe: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Sir James Campbell presented to the House, accord- PouclWi ing to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Joseph Pouchon: N»t.

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his t^btor* Majesty’a Gaol the Castle of Lincoln, was presented to Petition* the House, and read; complaining of their Distress:

And praying Relief.

Ordered* Ti hat the said Petition do lie upon the Tabic

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Army suant to their Address to his Majesty, Estimate of Estimate*. the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1737: And alf,

Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for Jthe Year 1737: And also,

Elf i mate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital for the Year 1737:

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as follow; viz.

io° — ii° '.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain,

for the Year 1737.

Hors# - -

Dragoons

Foot

V01. 88.

First Troop of Guards Second - Ditto -Third - Ditto -Fourth - Ditto -FirstTroop of Grenadier Guards Second Ditto -Royal Regiment of Guards Lord Pembroke's Regiment Lieutenant General Evans's Lieutenant General Wade's

Royal Regiment -Brigadier Campbetts Lieutenant General Honywoods Lord Ca dog an's -

Major General Kerr's -Sir Robert Rich's -Major General Churchitts Lord Mark Kerr's -

First Regiment of Guards -Second - Ditto -Third - Ditto

Late Lieutenant General Tat-ton's Regiment -Major General Barretts -Brigadier Montagu's Lieutenant General Whetham's Brigadier Middleton’s Brigadier Harrison's Brigad er Handafyd's ^Lieutenant General Sabines

NUMBER S.

181 181 1SI

181

176

177

337

3!9

214

214

369

369

369

3%

3*>9

369

3*>9

369

2, 005

1.288

1.288

7°5

7°5

7°5

705

7°5

7°5

705

7°5

Pay of the Troop* and Regiments for 365 Days.

TOTAL.

£ s. d.

mm m m >6,546 13 4

- - - 16,346 13 4

... 16,546 13 4

... 16,546 13 4

- - - >0,743 3 4

mm* 10,870 18 4

- - - 26,876 3 4

- - - 26,054 18 4

- - - 17,696 8 4

- - - 17,696 8 4

n 1 ni

2, iUI

- - - 17,413 10 10

- - " 17,413 10 10

- - - 17,413 10 10

- - - 17,413 10 10

- - - *7*4*3 >°

- - - 17,413 10 10

- - >7,413 10 10

- - 17,413 10 10

2>952

- - - 5>.>5* >4 2

- 33,208 18 4

- - - 33.^63 13 4

- - 13,879 2 6

- - - 13,879 2 6

- - - 13,879 1 6

- - - >3,879 2 6

m 13,879 2 6

m — m 13.879 2 6

. - 13,879 2 6

1221 13,879 2 6

I-

176,12413 4

139,308 6 8

228,657 5 to

Invalids;

74° ii° Februarii. A. 1736.

Invalids

{ Major General Fielding's Regiment £25 Independent Companies

Independent {'Six Independent Companies in Companies - - £ North Britain

S Staff Officers - -

Garrisons, with Fire and Candle Contingencies upon Account

Whitehall, nth February 173^.

NUMBERS. Pay of the Troops and Regiments, for 365 Days.

515 1,30° £ s. d. 9,906 14 2 22,584 7 6

_ _ 555

- - i7.704 10,880 19 2 35.971 7 15,000

Total -

total.

d.

32>49x 1 8 9>IX5 *7 6

61,852 6 3^ 647>549 11 3t

Will Yonge.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of his Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar,

for the Year 1737.

In the PLANTATIONS.

Brigadier Murray's Regiment -

Brigadier Phillipps's -

Four Independent Companies at New York

One Company at Bermudas -

Eight Companies at Jamaica -

One Company in the Island of Providence

One Company at Georgia - -

Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, and Placentia

In MINORCA.

Brigadier Kane's Regiment -Brigadier Armstrong's -Major General Tyrrell's -

Colonel <SV. Clair's -

NUMBERS.

395

394

445

57

9°4

150

115

Officers of the Garrison, &c.

In GIBRALTAR.

Major General Kirk's Regiment Lord Ty raw ley's -Lieutenant General Groves's -Major General Claytons Brigadier Anjlruther's -Colonel Read's -

615

615

615

615

615

615

615

615

615

615

2,460

2,460

Officers of the Garrison,

3.69°

8,610

srovisions for Brigadier Philipps's Regiment in Garrison at Annapolis Royal Canso, and Placentia, deducing 4 rf* per Diemy out of the Subfile nee of each Non-^ommission Officer and private Man, towards that Expence: Remains to be borne by the Government Povisions for the several Regiments at Gibraltar -

Pay of the Regiments, fyc. for 365 Days.

9>775

9>83°

7>M»

1,003

i5>366

2,466

3.071

s.

18

13

16

15

10

15

7

d.

4

4

8

10

6

12.784 2 6

12.784 2 6

12.784 2 6

12.784 2 6

12.784 12,948

12.784

12.784

12.784

12.784

I.558 17 1 25,000 --- —

Whitehall 26th January 173-J-.

Total -

TOTAL.

48,656 16 8

2,539 1 8

51,136 10 — 6,200 8 9

76,869-----

3.749 18 3!

26,558 17 »_ 2.15,710 6 5l

7P7//. Yonge.

estimate

Dfbfort

Petition.

CopT-rJght of |>noted Book*.

io Geo. II.

110 Febru

ESTI M AT E of the Charge of the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1737.

741

Per Diem.

4,318 Out-pensioners (landing at present upon the Books of the Hospital, at

5 d. per Diem each....

100 Letter-men, at 12 d. per Diem each -

40 Serjeants, at 9 d. per Diem each -

From which deduct.

The Sum of Six thousand Five hundred Pounds, which, by Estimation, may be applicable towards defraying this Exptncc, out of the Poundage of the Forces, for the Year 1737

Remains to be granted, upon Account, for the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the> Year 1737

Whitehall^ nth February 1734. Will. Yonge.

For 365 Diy*.

£ d. 32,834 15 10

1,825-----

547 10 —

35,207 5 10

6,500-----

28,707 5 10

Ordered, That the said Estimatcs do lie upon the Table, to be peruied by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the iniblvent Debtors, confined in Chester Castle, as w ell in belmlfot themselves and many 1 houfiuuis others, the like Objects of Charity and Companion, in the several Gaols of this Kingdom, as also in behalf ot many Tlioufands who have fKd into foreign Countries through Fear of imprisonment, was prefeuicd to the House, and read; complaining of their Distrefe: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

'Die House was moved, Tii.it an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign ot her lute Majesty Quion Anne% intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of learning, by vesting the Copies of printed Books in the Authors or Purchasers of such Copies, during the Times therein mentioned, might l>r read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Encouragement of Learning, by the more effectual securing the Copies of printed Books to the Authors or Purchasers of such Copies, during the Times therein to be mentioned; and to repeal an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Learning, by veiling the Copies of printed Books in the' Authors or Purchasers of such Copies, during the Times therein mentioned: And that the Lord Cornbury, Mr. Tou/ijhcnd, Mr. Sandy*, Mr. Pelham, Mr. I Fa I pole, and Mr. IFinnington, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Motion was made, and the Queliion being proposed, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do provide therein for the better securing the Payment of the Draw back of the Duties for Paper used in printing Books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental, and Northern Languages, within the Two I'niveriities of Oxford and Cambridge;

The House was moved, That the 63d Section of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for laying several Duties upon all Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and upon chequered and itriped Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or ltained; and upon several kinds of stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper; and upon certain printed Papers, Pamphlets, and Advertisements; for raising the Sum of Eighteen hundred thousand Pounds, by way of a Lottery, tow ards her Majesty s Supply; and for licensing an additional

for Relief of Persons who have not claimed their lottery Tickets in due Time, or have lust Exchequer Bills or Lottery Tickets; and for borrowing Money upon Stock,

Part of the Capital of the South Sea Company, for the Use of the Publick; might be read;

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and b\ingin, a Bill for the (letter Encouragement of Learning, by the more eft! ftual securing the Copies of printed Books to ti e Authors or Purchasers of such Copies, during the Times therein to be mentioned; and to repeal an Act. fwfftd in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement ot Learning, by veiling the Copies of printed Books in the Authors or Purchasers of such Copies, during the Times therein mentioned; That they do provide therein for the better securing the Payment of the Drawback of the Duties for Paper used in printing Books in the Latin,

Greek, Oriental, and Northern languages, within the Two Uni verities of Oxford and Cambridge.

A Petition of Richard Lyster Esquire, and John Mutton Shrewsbury Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; feting Ele&ioa. forth, That the Petitioners, (landing Candidates at the lait Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Shrewflury, had a Majority of legal Votes:

That Sir Richard Corbett Baronet, and William Kin as ton Esquire, who were also Candidates at the said Election, were, by themselves, and divers other Persons aftitig as their Agents, guilty of several corrupt and unwai ran table Practices, in order to procure themselves to be then elected; and that John Lacon Esquire, who took upon himself to act as Mayor of the said Borough, and to whom the Precept was directed, did arbitrarily, corruptly, and illegally, refuse the Votes of divers ancient and legal Burgesses thereof, duly qualified to vote, and of several other Persons, w ho had a Right to be admitted Burgesses of the said Borough, and demanded the fame, all which Persons then and there tendered themselves to vote for the Petitioners, whose Votes ought, of Right, to have been received and allowed; and the said Mayor did also, in an arbitrary, corrupt, and illegal manner, admit several Persons, w ho were not legal Burgesses of the said Borough, to vote for the said Sir Richard Corbett, and William Kinaston, w ho ought not to have been so admitted and allowed; and that although the Petitioners were duly elected, and ought to have been returned by the said Mayor, yet he, by the Mean3 aforesaid, did return the said Sir Richard Corbett, and IVm. Kinaston; and the Petitioners insist, that the said IVm. Kinaston had not then, nor now hath, an Estate in' Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

Number 01 Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain sufficient to qualify him to be a Member of the House of Stocks of Cards and Dice; and for better securing her Commons: And praying* the House to take the Premises Majesty s Duties to arise in the Office for the Stamp into Consideration; and to give the Petitioners such Curies, by Licences for Marriages, and otherwise; and Relief therein as to the House shall feera reasonable. Vol. 22. 9 C Ordered,

743 ii ° FebruaA. 1736.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Consideration of the Committee of privileges and Elec- Britain] presented to the House, pursuant to their Address tions: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and to his Majesty, an Estimate of die Debt of his Majesty’s report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the Navy, as it ftoodon the 31st of December 173.6.

House. And the Title thereof was read.

The said Estimate is as follows; viz.

Debt. Sir Thomas Lyttelton, from the Commissioners for

Navy Office, An ESTIMATE of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter mentioned,

] 7th January 1736. as it stood on the 31 ft of December 1736.

Heads of the Naval Estimates.

Particulars.

TOTAL.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary and Extraordinary Repairs.

Due, to pay otf and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, $c\ supplied for the Service thereof To pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the said Course, for Premiums, allotted by Act of Parliament, on Naval Stores For Freight of Tenders, and for Stores delivered into his Majesty’s several Yards, 8Cc. for which no Bills were made out on theafore-said 31st oi December 1736; as also, to several Bills of Exchange To his Majesty’s Yards, and Rope-yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary thereof -

For Half-pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment, made by his late Majesty in Council on that behalf

Seamens Wages.

Due, to pay the Men, &;c. unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off To Ships in Sea Pay on the above said 31st of December 1736 To discharge and pay off all the bills, entered in Course, for Pilotage, Surgeons Necessaries, Bounties to Widows and Orphans of Men (lain at Sea, $c. on the Head of Seamens Wages -

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for short Allowance to the Companies of his Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been aid off -

For paying off all the Bills, entered on their Course For necessary Money, extra-necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies -

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports - ....

Sick and Hurt, the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for the Quarters and Cure of sick and hurt Seamen, sent alhore from his Majesty s Fleet, and Contingencies relating to the said Service -

The Total amounts to the Sum of Seven hundred eighty-one thousand Two hundred Three Pounds and Fifteen Shillings -

From whence deducing the Money in the Trea,

surer s Hands, - - - - f as on the

And also the Money that remained to come in of f other Side, the Supplies of the Year, - - - - j

The net Debt will then be Four hundred ninety-four thousand nine} hundred Thirty-eight Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three Pence r Three Farthings - - '

d.

£. s. d.

84,393 -

7,683-----

26,825-----

152,428-----

19,522 9 9

29,853 3 5 362,474-----

10,481 —

*6,665 13 —

54,136 18 3

\ 290,851 9 9

J

> 402,808 3 5

2,350

7,099

3 — 2 5

60,633 12 4i 225,631 5 4

80,251 16

7,292 5 2 781,203 15 — 286,264 17 8*

494,938 17 3 i

Richard Haddock*, Ja. Acworth, Tha> Pear/e9 G. Pui'vis, J. Farrier, Ro. Byng.

Memorandum;

VOL. 22,

Memorandum: There was remaining in the late and present Treasurers of the Navy’s Hands, on the 31st of December 1736, in Money, as under-mentioned; and may be reckoned towards

satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy.

In what TREASURER’! Hands. In MONEY. On the HEADS of TOTyVL. '

( Wear and Tear, and Ordinary. Seamens Waget. - - 1 Victuals.

<£. s. d. £. t. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

Trustees for Mr. Hampden's Estate - In Money - - 25.351 13 2i <529 9 6 25,881 2 8*

Plight honourable Patee Lord Viscount Tor- fin Money - - - - 1,728 1 10 5,576 8 Hi 16 11 54 7,394 15 U

rington - - - - L Ditto, towards the Debt of tick and hurt Seamen - 73 13 5 - . - -j

f In Money - - - 13,75> 5 71 5.871 13 61 6,378 9

Right honourable Arthur On/low Esquire [ 27,357 13 "4

L Ditto, towards the Debt of lick and hurt Seamen - - 1,356 5 4 - - - - 3

15,479 7 51 38,129 14 54 7,024 10 5i 60,633 12 4$

If. B. There remained, on die 31st of December \a&,}to come in of the Supplies of the Year. - - -; - . - - £ 225,631;. 5. 4.

O

io Geo. IL 11

i i° — i2#

744

A. 1736.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Radnor A Petition of Gwyn Vaughan Esquire, was presented to Election. the House? and reac| setting forth, That the Petitioner standing Candidate at the last Ele&iqn of a Member to serve in Parliament for the County of Radnor, had a Majority of legal Votes: That Sir jHumphry Howarth Knight, who was also a Candidate at the said Election, was, by himself, and divers other Persons acting as his Agents, guilty of several corrupt, illegal and unwarrantable Pra6lices, in order to procure himself; to be then elected; and that Matthew Davis Esquire, then High Sheriff of the said County, did also, in an arbitrary, ‘corrupt, and illegal manner, admit great Numbers, who had no legal Votes, to poll for the said Sic Humphty Howarth and that the said Sheriff was guilty of divers other corrupt, illegal and unwarrantable Practices i That although the Petitioner was duly elected, yet the said Sheriff, in an arbitrary, corrupt, and illegal manner, did return the said Sir Humphry Howarth, in Prejudice to the Petitioner; and that the said Sir Humphry Howarth had not then, nor now hath, an Estate, in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, sufficient to qualify him to tye a Member of the House of Commons; And praying the Houfthto take the Premises into Consideration; and tot give the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall feenp reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition 1 be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine tje Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House. j,

Debtors A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Petition. County Gaol of Hereford was prelected to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress :. And praying Relief. 1 J ....

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Magens’j&c. Mr. Alderman Heathcote presented to the House, Nat. according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Nicolas Magens, John Timmerman, and Theodore Davel: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Debtors A Petition of the insolvent Prisoners confined for Debt Petition. in the common Gaol at Brecon, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie Upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read;

Ways The House resolved itself into a Committee of the and Means, whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir ChaHes Turner also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-

Privilege.. be adjourned-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 12° die Februarii;

Anno 10° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1736.

Prayers.

A P E T IT IO N of the Magistrates and Town Council " Clyd jl\ of the Burgh of Lanark, in North Britain, under Bridge, the Common Seal of the said Burgh, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Burgh of La- nark contributed considerable Sums of Money towards building a Stone Bridge, of Three Arches, over the River Clyd, at Clydjholm, to the great Benefit of the Inhabitants of the adjacent Country; and that the Keeping of the said Bridge in Repair being burthensome to the Community of the said Burgh, in 1703 an Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland, granting to them a Toll or Custom of One Peny Sterling for every Horse and Load, and Two-third Parts of a Peny for every Cow or Horse, and the Sixth Part of a Peny for -every Sheep, or Foot Passenger, that should pass over the said Bridge, for the Term of Nineteen Years; and that this Bridge has appeared so useful to the Neighbourhood, and the Toll so moderate, that though the Term granted by the said Act expired in 1722, yet they have voluntarily paid it, till feme Persons, of late, objected to the Payment thereof, whose Example others will probably follow, though the Country, in general, desires the Continuance of the said Toll; but that the Produce thereof is so very low, no Wheel-carriages being taxed, though these give the greatest Occasion for Repairs: That the Petitioners are not able to defray, the continual Expence of Repairs out of the Toll and if it is not renewed-to them, by reason of the great Debts and low* Circumstances of the Community of the said Burgh, the Petitioners will not be able to preserve this useful Fabrick;

And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in to continue the Toll granted by the said Act; and to give the Petitioners such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the JVfatter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Carmichael, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Longueville, Lord Sundon, Colonel Ducket, Mr. Gubbon,

Mr. OJbaldiston, Mr. Maister, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Wilkin-fan, Mr. Gildart, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Scrope, Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Fane, Sir Geo. Wynne, Mr. Brereton,

Mr. Chven, Mr. Lyndfay, Mr. Hooper, Sir Roger Brad-Jhaigh, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Corbett; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from Way* the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- and Means, ferred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Table; Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz. 0

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Duties of Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament, of the Ninth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of June 1737, be further continued and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made

for Sale, w'ithin the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June 1737, to the 24th Day of June 1738-

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, 1

upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

Sarplufta.

Ckrkt

AiaUut.

Supply Kill

l)uhMon

Wall, 4c.

Wigtoun

Uc&ioD.

i o Geo. II. 12° — 14 9 745

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution; And ilmt Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Dodington, Sir George Oxenden, the Lord Sundon, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Scrape, and Mr. Edward Walpole, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the Ilotife adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

JLwjfr, 140 dieFcbruarii J

Anno to* Georgii 1I,! Regis, 1736.

Pi AYFKS.

MR Scrape presented to the House, pursuant to their Addref* to his Majesty, Surpluses dated at Lady-day 17 $(>: And aHo,

SurpIulTes dated at Michaelmas 1736.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Surpluses do lie upon the Table, to be pern fed by the Members of the iloufe.

Il:e said Surpluses are bound up with the other Papus of this Sc (lion.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the 1 Ioufe, ThatMr. Ai/krw, the Clerk’s Allistant, bt ing, at present, so indifp«»f< d with the (tout, n> not to be able to attend, the Clerk th'Trfore ddiri s that Mr John Sm.lor may be admitted to a did him, during Mr. Af:r;t\ Indisposition.

Ordered, That Mr. John Saylor be admitted to aftift the Clerk of the House, during the present Indisposition of Mr. Aijkew.

Sir Charles Turner \m\ Mited to the House, according to Order, a B.d for continuing the L>uti< s upon Malt, Mum, C\der, and Perry, in that Part ol Great Britain raised England; and for granting to his Mnj* iiy certain Duties upon M-ilt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Bi it a in called \ofland; for the Service of the Year 1737: And the same was received; and read the First time.

It (faked, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Captain John Dalnjmple was presented to the House, and read; f fling forth, That, at the lad Election of a Burge L to lerveiu Parliament for the Di-firict of Burghs of // igfoun, Whithorn. New Gallozcay, and S/ranravcr, appointed to be at Wigtoun, as the presiding Burgh of that District. on Saturday the 18th of May 1734, Patrick M kie w.»s chose De legate for the Burgh of Wigtoun, by a Part of the Mugidrat* s and Town Council of that Burgh, amongst whom were the Right honourable James Earl of Galoway, and Alexander Lord Garlics, Ins e.Mc ft Son, w ho w ere present, and voted for the said Patrick M‘kie; and Alexander Blain was chose a Delegate for the said Burgh of Wigtoun, by another Part of Uie Mugidratesand Town Council of the said Burgh, who objected to the Election of the said Patrick M‘kie, lie being chose by the Votes of the said James Earl of Galoway and Alexander Lord Garlics, both of whom w'ere, by Law, excluded, and incapable of voting in the Election of a Delegate, and protested against the Election of the said Patrick APkie as illegal: That John Stewart was elected Delegate for the Burgh of Whithorn: That John APcourtic was elected Delegate for the Burgh of A etc Galoway: That John Gray was defied Delegate for the Burgh of Stranracer: That John Mkie Common Clerk of Wigtoun, was Clerk to the said FJeftion: That the said John APkie allowed the said Patrick APkie to vote as Delegate for the said Burgh of Wigtoun, at the said Election; but refused to allow the said Alexander Blain to vote as Delegate for the said Burgh of Wigtoun: That, at the said Election, John Stewart, Delegate for the Burgh of Whithorn, objected against John APcourtie, Delegate for Nero Galo-way, and Patrick APkie, Delegate for the Burgh of Vo u 22.

Wigtoun, their voting in the Election of a Burgess for the said District of Burghs; because neither the Magistrates nor Town Council of New Galoway, nor of the Burgh of Wigtoun, had qualified themselves, by taking the Oaths by Law appointed to be taken by them; and protested, That the Election of the said Two Delegates was void, and against their voting in the Election of a Burgess for the said Dist rift of Burghs: That, at the said Election, the Petitioner was duly elected Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said District of Burghs, and ought to have been returned: That, nevertheless, the said John Common Clerk of Wigtoun,

has presumed to return the honourable Captain James Stexcart, now Colonel James Steivart, for the said District of Burghs, though he W'as no-ways duly elected Burgess aforesaid: That undue Influence, and other unlawful Means, have been used by the said Colonel James Stexcart, his Agents or Abettors, in procuring, or attempting to procure, undue Elections of Delegates, to favour the Interest of him the said Colonel Stewart, in the aforesaid Burghs of Wigtoun and New Galoway, or some of them: And praying such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Complaint being made to the House, That John Calami, a Bailiff, hath arrested Charles Burleigh, a menial Servant to Thomas Holmes Esquire, a Member of this House, in an Action, in which James Creighton is Attorney for the Plaintiff, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Sheriff’s Ward at Bodrnyn, in the County of Cornwall, in behalf of themselves, and Thou lands in the several Gaols of this Kingdom; and also,

A Petition of the mfolvent Debtors confined in One of the Prisons of the Sheriff of Suffolk at Melton, in the said County, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousand others in the several Gaols of this Kingdom; and also,

A Petition of several Pc. suns confined for Debt in the Common Gaol for the County of Warwick, whose Na es are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, a».d several ether Persons cjtifined for Debt in the several Gaols of this Kingdom;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Black Bull Inn in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shafford House, in the County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by the said Act, several Tolls and Duties were granted, and made payable, for repairing the said Road about Nine Miles in Length, for the Term of One-and-twenty Years; on the Credit whereof the Petitioners were obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money, in order to make the said Road passable; and that the Sum of£. 1,300 so borrowed, is now due; which, with the Money collected by virtue of the said Act, except what hath been paid for the Interest of the Money borrowed, and other necessary Expences, has been duly laid out in repairing the said Road , but that, in

g D regard

Privilege.

Debtor

Petition.

Dunstable, &c. Road.

Westminster

Streets.

Air

Election.

14° Februa»

A. 173 6.

regard the Road directed to be repaired is about Nine Miles in Length, and many heavy Carriages frequently patting through the fame, some Parts of the said Road, in the Winter-season, are very bad, and the rest will soon be in a ruinous Condition, if there is not a sufficient Sum of Money annually raised, and applied towards keeping the same in Repair; and that the yearly Income of the present Tolls is so small, that the Petitioners will not, during the Term subsisting, be able effectually to amend the said Road, and repay the Money io borrowed, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act be inlarged: And therefore

Siraying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill or inlarging the Term and Powers granted and given by the said former Act, for so long Time, and in such Manner, as to the House shall ieem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cousideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ashbxj, Sir Thomas Aston, Mr. Richard Pturner> Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Bladen, Mr. Robinson, Sir Jofm Pennington, Mr. Robert Hacks, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Medlicott, Sir Hum. Howarth, Mr. St. John, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Henley, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Tracey, Sir IVm. Joliffe, Mr. Roivney, Mr. Wollaston, Mr. Brad/haiv, Mr. Plumer, Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Hen. Archer, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Hay, Sir IVm. Wentworth, Mr. OJbaldiston, Mr. Gore, Mr. Butler, Mr. Chester, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Cojler, Mr. Gybbuti, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Packer, Mr. Proby, Sir Thomas Sanderson, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Shultleworth, Mr. Alderman Healhcole, Sh James Grant, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Charles Hot ham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Bedford, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Pavements of the Streets in the said City and Liberty are in a very ruinous Condition, and covered with Dirt and Filth, and many Nuisances daily happen therein; and that there are not sufficient Powers, in the Laws now in being, effectually to remedy the fame: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and grant such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Robert Plucks, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. White, Mr. Hampden, Lord Harry Rowlett, Mr. Treby, Sir John Rujhoiit, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Archer, Lord Charles Cavendish, Sir James Campbell, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Robinson, Sir Thomas Lyttleton, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Dennis, Sir IVm. Wentworth, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Crosse, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Bold, Mr. Earle, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Pigott, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Biffe, Sir Jof Eyles, Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Huxley, Sir Rowland Alston, Sir Just. Isham, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Air. Cartwright, Sir Wm. Joliffe, Sir Wm. Heath-cote, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Cafar, Colonel Ducket, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Brereton; and all the Members that serve for the County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Charles Cockrane, of Ochiltric, in the Shire of Air, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was a Candidate at the last Ejection of a Commissioner to serve in this 17

present Parliament for the Shite of Air, which was held at Air the 23d Day of May last; That the honourable Colonel James Campbell was also a Candidate at the said Election, though, as the Petitioner was informed, and does believe, he had not then any Estate in his own Right in the said Shire, whereby he was capable of being elected a Member of Parliament: That although personal Notice was given to the said Colonel James Campbell, on the 17th Day of May last, That an Objection would be made at the time of the Election, that he was not qualified to be elected; and the said Objection was accordingly made; yet he did not think fit to appear, but, by divers undue Practices, procured himfdf to be returned as elected Commissioner to serve in Parliament for the said Shire; That the Petitioner was duly elected Commissioner to serve for the said Shire of Air, at the said last Election, and was intitled to be returned; and several Protests were taken against the Election of the said Colonel Jaynes Campbell: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consider-at ion, and to give the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Eledbons: And that they do examine thetMatter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Bill to enable Antony James Esquire, and his Heirs James* Afale, to take and use the Surname of Keck, pursuant Name, to the Will of Antony Keck Gentleman, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Tracey,

Air. Longueville, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Leheup, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Hay, Sir James Grant, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Sir Wm. Joliffe, Mr. Griffith, Mr. Kent, Mr. Pelham, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Lord Sundon, Mr. IJlumer,

Mr. Andrews, Mr. Fere, Mr. Turner, Colonel Duckett,

Mr. ParJ'ons, Mr. Piers, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr.

Bridges, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Earle,

Mr. Henry Archer, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Owen,

Air. Carmichael, Mr. Shutileworth, Sir Just. Isham, Mr. Kynqfton, Sir Thomas Sanderson, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Rawlinjon Earle, Mr. Medlicott; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Berks and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Debtors Town Gaol and County Gaol of Derby, and Thou- Petition, sands in the several Gaols of this Kingdom, and of such as have fled to other Countries, for Fear of Arrest, and a miserable Confinement for Life, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress;

And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of John Neale Esquire was presented to Coventry the House, and read; setting forth, That Sir Adolphus Election'. Oughton Baronet, deceased, John Bird Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates at the last Election of Alembers to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Coventry, and the Petitioner doth humbly infill, That the said Mr. Bird is not qualified to fit and vote in this House, as the Law directs, by Estate, that is bona fide his own, and not made over fraudulently, to serve the present Occasion, in order to evade the Law: And therefore praying, That such Redress may be given, as well to the Petitioner as to the injured Voters of the said City of Coventry, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill or Poor iMic Bills for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor; &c.

and

Supply.

Committee

fPrivileges.

I’otichon’s &c. Nat.

Linlithgov

Election.

ig Geo. II.

14° — 150 Februariu

747

and for the more effectual punishing Rogues and Vagabonds: And that Mr. Hay, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Oglethorpe, the Mailer of the Rolls, and Mr* lVinning-tony do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, i 50 die Februarii;

Anno 10° Georgii*IIdl Regis, 1736. Prayers.

ATI CO LAS Hagens, John Timmermany Theodore Davel, and Joseph Pouchon, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

A Bill for naturalizing Joseph Pouchon, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Campbell, Sir James Navfmithy Mr. Huxley, Mr. Fall, Sir Francis Child, Sir Thomas IIales, Mr. Treby, Lord Sidney Beaucltrky Mr. llenly, Mr. Archer, Lord Wallingford, Mr. St. John, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Crozvle, Mr. Pigotty Mr. Bromley, Sir Geo. Wynne, Captain Campbell, Mr. Hay, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Croft, Mr. Wo Haft on, Mr. Lyndfey, Mr. Compton, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Stert, Mr. Halkett, Sir James Grant, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Erejkine, Mr. Mountague, Sir Charles Bunbury, Sir Richard Mill, Sir Charles Turner, Colonel Onftow: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Sir James Cunynghame Baronet was presented to the House, and read* setting forth. That the Freeholders of the County of Linlithgow having, upon the 31st Day of May 1734, met and convened, in the usual Place, for choosing a Representative for the County, to serve in this present Parliament, Alexander Hamilton, of Innenceek, Esquire, Commissioner for the said County in the lad Parliament, did illegally take upon him to call a Roll, in order to the Election of a Prcefes and a Clerk to the said Meeting; which Roll wa* neither up at any anterior Meeting for elefi-ing a Commissioner to Parliament, nor at any legal Michaelmas Head Court for adjusting the Roll of Electors, as required in the Statutes made in that Behalf; That, by a Majority of legal Votes, George Dundafs, of Dundafs, Esquire, was elefied Prajes of the said Meeting, and Alexanaer Bell, Town Clerk of the Burgh of Linlithgow, was elefied Clerk thereof: That the Petitioner Sir James was elefied Commissioner to represent the said County of Linlithgow in the present Parliament, by a Majority of legal Votes: That the said Alexander Bell, Clerk of the said Meeting, did, immediately after the Elefiion of the Petitioner was over, return the Name of the Petitioner, as elefied Commissioner for the County aforesaid, to Walter Ha-milt one, of R c/?por/, Slierift Depute of the said County, under the Right honourable Charles Earl of Hoptoun, Sheriff Principal thereof: That the said Walter IIa-miltone did, notwithstanding, take upon him to return the Name of the said Alexander Hamilton Esquire to the Clerk of the Crown, as defied Commissioner for the said County: That the Elefiion of the said Alexander Hamilton Esquire, if any such Elefiion was, was illegal and undue, the Petitioner having been defied by the Majority of legal Votes: That further the {^Alexander Vol. 22.

Hamilton Esquire has no Title whatsoever, either to elefi, or be elefied a Commissioner for the said County: And praying the House to take the Premises, and the said undue Elefiion and Return, into their Consideration; and to grant the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors confined in the County Gaol of Cumberland, at the City of Carlifte, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and fellow Sufferers confined in the said several Gaols in this Kingdom, and all'o in behalf of all those which the Fear of a miserable and starving Confinement hath caused to fly. into foreign Kingdoms; as also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Gaol of Buty Si. Edmund's in the County of Suffolk, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of other confined insolvent Debtors;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; setting forth their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table.

Debtor!

Petition.!

Malt, &c.

Magens*, &c Nat.

A Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Supply Bill; Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Duties on England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year 1737; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for naturalizing Nicolas Magens, John Tim* merman, and Theodore Davell, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Alderman Heathcote, Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Drummond,

Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Treby, Sir Just. Isham, Mr.

Brereton, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Archer, Lord Wallingford,

Mr. Plumer, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Longueville, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Plumptre, Sir James Nays-mith, Mr. White, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Mr. Tucker, Mr, Carmichael, Sir James Grant, Colonel Ducket, Mr.

Bold, Lord Sidney Be an clerk, Mr. Henry Archer, Mr.

Hay, Sir Chr. Powell: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of George Dundafs of Dundafs, Alexander Linlithgow Hamiltone of Pencaithland, and others, whole Names Lle&ion., are thereunto subscribed. Freeholders of the County of Linlithgow, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, and others, Freeholders of the said County, having, upon the 31st of May 1734, met and convened, at the usual Place, for choosing a Representative for the County, to serve in the present Parliament, Alexander Hamiltone, of Inner-week, Esquire, Commissioner for the said County in the last Parliament, did illegally take upon him to call a Roll, in order to the Elefiion of a Prajes and a Clerk to the said Meeting; which Roll was neither made up at any anterior Meeting for elefiing a Commissioner to Parliament, nor at any legal Michaelmas Head Court, for adjusting the Roll of Electors, as required in the Statutes made in that Behalf: That, by a Majority of legal Votes, the Petitioner George Dundafs was elefied Prafes of the said Meeting, and Alexander Bell, Town Clerk of the Burgh of Linlithgow, was elefied Clerk thereof: That Sir James Cunyngham was elefied Commissioner to represent the said County of Linlithgow in the present Parliament, by a Majority of legal Votes:

Debtors

Petition.

Stafford

Election.

150 — 16° Febtuarii. . 1736.

That the said Alexander" Belly Clerk of the said Meeting did, immediately after the Election of the said Sir James was over, return his Name, as elected Commissioner for the County aforesaid, to Walter Ha mil tone, of West-porty Sheriff Depute of the said County, under the Right honourable Charles Earl of Hop to any Sheriff Principal thereof; That the said Walter Hamiltone did, notwithstanding that the said Sir James Cunyngham was duly elected Commissioner to Parliament for the said County, and that his Name was returned as such to the said Walter Hamiltone, by Alexander Bell, Clerk, of the Meeting aforesaid, take upon him to return the Name Qf the said Alexander Hamiltone Esquire, to the Clerk of the Crown, as elected Commissioner for the said County: That the Election of the said Alexander Hamiltone Esquire, if any such Election was, was illegal and undue, the said Sir James Cvnyngham having been elected by the Majority of legal Votes; That, further, the said Alexander Hamiltone has no Title whatsoever, either to elect, or be elected, a Commissioner for the said County: And praying the House to take the Premises, and the said undue Election and Return of the said Alexander Hamiltone, into their serious Consideration; and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall feera meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House,

A Petition of the poor unhappy Prisoners confined for Debt in his M aj efty’s Gaol for the County of Northampton was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Thomas Par her Esquire, One of his Majesty’s Serjeants at Law, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That Thomas Foley, Wm. Chetwynd, John Dolphin, Eft] uires, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates at the laftEledion of Burgesses to frrve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Stafford, in the County of Stafford: That several Persons who had a good Right, and were intitled to be sworn Burgesses of the said Borough, were arbitrarily refused to be so sworn, though they duly demanded it: That Christopher Ward Esquire, the then Mayor of the said Borough, both before and at the time of the said Election, acted arbitrarily, partially, and illegally, in the Execution of his said Office, and admitteda great Number of Persons to poll, at the said Election, for the said Wm. Chetwynd, who had no right to vote, and refused the Votes of many others, who had a good and legal Right to poll, and offered to give their Votes for the Petitioner; and that many othercorrupt, indirect, and illegal Practices were made use of, by, for, and on the behalf of, the said Wm. Chetwynd, in order to procure him to be elected and returned a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the said Borough; and that, by such Practices, the said Wm. Chetwynd procured himself to be returned a Burgess for the said Borough; to the manifest Wrong and Injury of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, by a Majority of good and legal Votes, and ought to have been returned a Burgess for the said Borough in this present Parliament: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioner such Relief therein as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy i 6* die Februarii

Anno io* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1736.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Provost, Baillies, Dean of Dumfries Guild, and Treasurer* of the Town of Dumfries, Town Im-for themselves, and in Name of the Town Council and pavement, Community thereof, was presented to the House, and read; reciting an Act of Parliament, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dumfries, and Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and for building a Church, and making a Harbour there; and setting forth. That the Petitioners, expelling the Money arising from this Duty might answer the Purposes for which it was appropriated by the said Act, did, in a few Years after the Commencement thereof, in virtue of the Credit and Powers thereby granted to them, borrow, upon Interest, a considerableSum of Money, and have therewith built a Commodious new Church for the performing of Divine Service, and endowed the famd with a Maintenance to a Minister; and that, though the Money arising from the Duty has been duly collected, and regularly applied, in the First Place, towards paying the Debts formerly owing by the Town, as directed by the said Act, yet a considerable Part of these dill remain undischarged, besides the large Debts contracted since; and that the other publick Funds of the said Town having been of late much exhausted in rebuilding their free Prison, Council-house, and Part of their old Church, which were become ruinous, and in other publick necessary Works, the whole Revenue of the Town is not sufficient to pay the Interest of the Debts now owing by the Town, and suppoi t their other necessary Expences, which will be increased by a Necessity of rebuilding their publick School-house, that is become ruinous, and repairing their other publick Works, now in Decay, and improving the Navigation of their River, which is become so dangerous, that their Trade of late has greatly suffered, without Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration; and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the said Import Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth of a Peny Sterling, over and above the Duty of Excise, on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer that shall be either brewed, or brought in, and vended, tapped, or fold, within the said Town, and Privileges thereof, in the same manner as the same was granted by the aforesaid Act* for such Term of Years as shall be thought meet, and some small Town Dues on Goods imported, and Tonage on Shipping coming into their Port; or grant such other Relief as by the House shall be judged proper.

A Petition of the Merchants, Owners, and Mailers of Ships, in the Town of Dumfries, was also presented to the House, Und read; setting forth, That the Navigation of the River Nith is become very dangerous, by Sandbanks, Rocks, and rolling Stones; and that there is not any Bread-work or Jetty in the River, where Ships can be in safety, for loading and unloading of Goods, to the great Discouragement of the Trade of the Place; and that the Petitioners are very sensible of the great Burden of Debt the Revenue of the Town labours under, which puts it out of the Power of the Magistrates to give them any Relief; nor is there any thing paid, either by Ships coming into the River, or for Goods imported or exported: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration: and to grant Leave that a Bill may be brought in according to t he Prayer ok the Petition of the Provost, Baillies, Dean of Guild, and Treasurer, of the Town of Dumfries, in Name of them-solves, the Town Council, and Community thereof, for laying a small Tonage on Shipping coming into the

River

i o Geo II. i

749

lliver Nith, and foinc small Town Dues on Goods im« Cafwall and Mr. Harley have procured themselves to be norted and exported, for such a Number of Years as the returned Burgesses for the said Borough; to the manileft House (h ill think tit, to be applied towards improving Wrong and injury of the Petitioner, who had a Majority the Navigation of the River, and making a Place of of legal Votes at the said Election: And praying the Safety for the Shipping; or such other Relief as the House House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that shall think proper. the Petitioner may have such Relief as to the House shall

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the seem juli Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine Ordered, That the (kid Petitions be referred to the Con-the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: appear to them, to the House: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and re-

And it is referred to Mr. Kirkpatrick, Mr. Ltwis, Sir port the liune, with their Opinion thereupon, to die Hum. Howarth, Mr. Earle, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Dou~ House* glas, Mr. Hucls, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Fox, Mr. Wollaston,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Pturner, The House being informed, that Mr. Frecker, from

Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Lockyear, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Thomas the Treasury, attended at the Door;

Aston, Mr. Thofnpfon, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Lotufucville, Mr. He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Caj-twrurht, Mr. Maister, Mr. / ere. Sir James Grant, House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Mr. Foley, General Wade, Mr. Lechtnere, Mr. Monta- Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service gue. Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Ereskine, Sir Nathanael of the Year 1730 hath been disposed of; distinguished Curxon, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Drummottd; and all the under the several Heads; until the 16th Day of February Membe rs who serve for North Britain: And they are to 1736; and the Parts thereof remaining unfetisfied, with meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the the Deficiency thereupon.

Speaker s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, And then he withdrew.

Papers, and Records. And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; vis.

A Petition of Sir Robert Cornwall Baronet was pre-&on. fcnted to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner, Sir George CaficaU Knight, and Robert Harley Esquire, Hood Candidates at the lad Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Leominster, in the County of Hereford: That the said Sir George Cafwall and Mr. Harley, and their Friends and Agents, did, by several corrupt, arbitrary, illegal, and indirect Practices, procure several Persons to vote for them, and prevailed with several other Persons, who had a Right to poll, and would have voted for the Petitioner, to be absent, or to vote against the Petitioner; and that Persons who were received to vote for the said Sir George Cafwall and Mr. Harley, had no Right to poll at the said Election:

That, by reason of such Practices, the said Sir George

Disposition of Grants.

Vol. a*.

9 E

AN

c.

g

CQ

n'

CD

Q.

CT

o

o

o

oo

?T

N

An ACCOU NT, (liewing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1736 hath beendisposed of; distinguished under the federal Heads, until the 16th Day

and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied; with the Deficiency thereupon. ' r.

Navy.

Ordnance.

Forces.

GRANTS.

/Tor Victuals, Wages, and Wear and Tear, of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 15,000 Men, for 13 Months 1 For the Ordinary of the Navy; and for Half-pay -

J For extraordinary Repairs of the Navy -

(Towards the Support of Greenwich Hospital -

Deficiencies.

r For Ordnance Sea Service ——

| For Ditto Land Services - - - ....

[For extraordinary Expences for Land Services, not provided for by Parliament -

'Tor defraying the Charge of 17,704 Men, for Guards, Garrisons, &c. Anno 1736 -

For maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, Anno 1736 Upon account of Out-pensioners of Che(fta Hospital -

For defraying several extraordinary Expences and Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament Upon account of Half-pay to reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, Anno 1736 For Pensions to Officers Widows, who were married before Christmas 1716, for the Year 1736 -Tor a Subsidy to the King of Denmark -

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, Anno 1734, at Lady-day 1736 -

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, Anno 1734, at Michaelmas 1736 -

To make good the Deficiency of the General Fund - ....

To make good the Deficiency of the Grants, Anno 1735 t

To the Navy - -

To the Forces ——

£ A

- 11,772 14 3

r 9)3*3 15 5

£ 741,000

217,209 4

39,000 79>7Go 3 4*590 1

7*44 46,780 3,828 56,250 —

48,129 3

21,096 9

To make good to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid for Interest on the Million lent on the S;rft Duty, for the Supply Anno 1734 Towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements, belonging to the Royal African Company, on the Coast ef Africa Towards settling and securing the Colony of Georgia, in America - - - - r -: -

The Ways and Means towards supplying the said Services.

£- s- d-

>0----- By the Malt Duty, Anno 1736.

By the Land Tax, Anno 1736.

By Annuities, at £. 3 per Cent, out of the Sinki By Arrears of the Mait Duty, Anno 1734.

Sums paid.

d. £.: d. £ *. d.

10

988,436 4 10 804,909 6

10,000 — — 10,000 —

9:

8:

1*3*350 17 5 105,000 —

11

,-^i

1,004,020 2 loj 1,004,930 S 10J

10 - 155*360 16 10

3 - - 48,129 3 3

8 df,t>96 9 t

247.5313' 9

- 24.570 2 7 - - ‘ -

- 10,000 — — 10,000 —

io,o©o^ 10,000

£ 2>H7»9P8-ii si 2,168,516 12 ll

JU

750,000 — —

1,000,000 — —

600,000 — —

5*507 7 11

2*355.507 7 11

62,401 3 61

0.417,908 11 Si

CJ Deficiency of the Grants, Anno 1736.

Kefidue of Ways and Means, Anno 1738, uudtfposed; viz.

On Land Tax, Anno 1736 - -

Deficiency of the Grants, Yifrtno 173G -

~ ..... M. Frecker,

: * 16 February 173?'

0{ February6. sv

Remains to be paid.

3 4

l8*35* 17 5

*944 *4 —

24,570 2 7

249*39* >9 4 62,401 3

i6° Februarii.

io Geo. II. \6° — 17

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perufed by the Members of this House.

Poochou’i Sir James Campbell reported from the Committee, to Nat. whom the Bill for naturalizing Joseph Pouchon, was committed, That the Committee liad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and tound the (kmc to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and had dirtCted him to o port the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be mgrossed.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to

i>uue« on refotve ilk if into a Committee of the whole House, ujion

Malt, &c. the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum,

Cvder. and Ivny, in that Bart of (treat Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certiiin Duties upon Malty Mum. ( vder, and Berry, in that Part of (*reat Britain called .\ i t land; for the Service of the Year 1 7.;7: be now read:

And the taine bcir>2 mid acoordinulv;

O) lift ed. That it !>* an Iufciuftion to the said Committee, That they have Bower to reccitc a Ci.uilc of Cmlit

Order: d% '1 hat it be un Info union to the said Com* init'iv, T t!Ut tlx v have Boa* 1 I j »♦ erive a C laule, to diicet, that the Delirirnrv which Shad He on the 2",lh of March 1737, of the Income of tic Duties mi Malt, granted lor the Yt. r 17.','., to !au>tv Principal and Inter li cli;.:'geable then upon, be made good out u! the Supplies "lanOnl loi* the \ ear 17J7-

Then the* I Ionic resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr Speaker left the Chiiir.

Sir ( ha ties Turin r took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Sp akt r returned the Chair.

Sir (harivs 't urner re|Kirted from the Committee. Unit they had gone through the Bill, and made levenil Amendment* thereunto; which they had directed him to rcj*>rt when the House will plonk* to receive the same.

Ordered, Tlmt tire Re|*>rt bo received To-mornour Morning.

Magtnt'y&r. Mr. Alderman Ileathcote reported from the Committee, h’*i- to whom the Bill for ntituraliving Aicuins Mrgcns, John Timmerman, and 17m.-dore Duvet, was committed, i hat the Committee had examined the Allegations of flic Bill, mul found the same to true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrolitd.

Nrw Sanim Mr. Piter Bat hurst reported from the Committer, to Streets. whom the Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of Acre Sarum, in the County of Blits, anti also the Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of A< ;e Sanim, in the County of Blits, were referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and hud dire cd him to report the fume, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

In order to prove the Allegations of the Petitions, the Petitioners produced,

Mr. Bllliam Swanton: Who, being examined, said. That a Rate, as far as the Laws now in being justified, had been duly raised upon the Inhabitants of the said City, and applied towards repairing and paving the Highways, Streets, and Watercourlcs; notwithstanding which, they still continued in a very decayed Condition, and greatly in need of further Repair: That, with regard to the Highways in particular, a strict Execution of the Laws relating thereto was not only ineffectual for the Purposes intended, but likewise very grievous to the poorer Sort of People. He further laid, That the Streets of the said City were so conveniently ordered, as to be capable of being lighted at a finall Expence; and that, for the good Vol. 22.

’ Februarii. 7 51

Government of the City, such Care had been taken, in relation to the Watch and Ward, as was by the present Law required; but the Statute of Winchester (lieing the only one relating the reto) directing the Watch and Ward to be kept from Christmas to B hitfuntide, and no further, the Compliance with the said Statute had been found almost useless, as well as greatly expensive to the Inhabitants of the City.

Edmund Pitman Esquire, Recorder of the said City, being called, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Swanton, with regard to the Highways, Streets, and Watercourlcs, being (till greatly out of Repair, notwithstanding the Exjience the City had been at about them; the Commo-diot 1 fuels of the Streets in rcf|>eCl of their Form, for being lighted; and the insufficiency of the Watch and Ward, us now kept in pursuance of the Statute of Winchester.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better repairing and paving the Highways, Streets, and Watercourses, within the City of Nezt'Sarum; and for enlightening the Streets, Lanes, and Puflages, and better regulating ihc Nightly Watch, within the said City; And that Mr. Peter Bathurst, Mr. Iloic, and Mr. Hoare, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That Jlllliam Phipps Esquire be at liberty WoAbury to withdraw his Petition, complaining of :m undue Flection Elcdum. and IB turn for the Borough of B 1st bun/, in the County of Blits.

(inured, That the Committee of Privileges and FlrCfiuns he dilehargrd from proceeding upon the said Petition.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Be/idved, That this House w ill, upon Monday Morning 'Vay« next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole llouie, and to eonfider further of W ays and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

jovis,17* die Februarii;

Anno 10° Georgii IK1 Regis, 173b.

P R A V F. It S.

DIVA It D Isijle Esquire being cholen a Knight of Ma«iborm>su the Shire for the County of Southampton, and Alio A nt* Burge Is for the Borough of Ma/thorough, in the County of IVifts, made his Election to serve for the said County of Southampton:

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iflbe his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crow rt, to mAke but a new Writ for electing a Burge Is to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Marlborough, in the room of the said Mr. Li/le.

A Petition of the poor Prisoners confined for Debt in Debtors Lest ait hicl Gaol, in the County of Cornwall, was pre- Petition, fented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Belief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from Supply Bill; the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Duties on for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt,

Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year 1737; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by

one.

Yarmouth

Writ.

Pouchon’s

Nat.

Dunbar

Harbour.

752 170 — 18° Februarii. A. 1736.

one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

The Bight honourable Harry Powlett Esquire, commonly called the Lord Harry Powlett, being chosen a Knight of the Shire for the County of Southampton, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Yarmouth, in the said County, made his Election to serve for the said County of Southampton:

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the (Town, to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Yarmouth, in the room of the said Lord Harry Powlett.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Joseph Pouchon was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Joseph Pouchon.

Ordered, That Sir James Campbell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Fall reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Magistrates and Council of the Town of Dunbar, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the Petition, the Petitioners laid before the Committee,

An Act of Parliament, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a reny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer that should be vended or loid within the Town of Dunbar, for improving and preserving the Harbour, and repairing the Town-house, and building a School, and other publick Buildings there, and for supplying the said Town with fresh Water; by which Act the said Duty was to commence from the lft of June 1719, and to continue payable for the Term of Nineteen Years.

Then the Petitioners called,

Mr. Alexander Wallace: Who, being examined, said, That considerable Sums of Money have been laid out, according to the iMreftions of the said Act, in repairing the Town-house, and other publick Buildings, and for improving Part of the Harbour.

He also said, That Part of the Rock remaining in the Bottom of the Harbour intended to be taken up, has not been touched; and that nothing is done towards the carrying out of the great Pier to the Beacon Rock, or

cutting down to a Perpendicular the Slope of the Island, for making the Entry into the Harbour safe and secure, or towards supplying the said Town with fresh Water.*

And he further said, That the Money to be raised by the said Duty, during the Continuance of the said Act, which expires in 1738, will not be sufficient to answer the Purposes aforesaid; and, unless the Tenn and Powers granted by the former Act be further continued, the said publick Works must remain unfinished.

Then he produced an Account of the annual Receipts and Payments, from the 15th of November 1719 to Martinmas 1733, which, he informed the Committee, he had compared with the Town Books of Dunbar; by which it appears, that there is a Debt now standing out, amounting to the Sum of £. 1,183. 3. if.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dunbar, for improving and preserving the Harbour, and repairing the Town-house, and building a School, and other publick Buildings there, and for supplying the said Town with fresh Water: And that Mr. Fall and Mr. Lindefay do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 18° die Februarii \

Anno io* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1736.

Pray ers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Corbett, Greenwich Secretary of Greenwich Hospital, attended at the Hospital. Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, a State of the yearly Revenue and Expence of Greenwich Hospital: And also,

An Account how the Money granted last Session of Parliament for Greenwich Hospital has been disposed.

And the Titles of the said State and Account were read.

The said State and Account are as follow; viz.

Vol. 22.

A STATE of the yearly Revenue and Expence of Greenwich I fofpita!; prepared in pursuance of an Order of the honourable House of Commons, of the 8th February 1736.

9!

Estimate of the R E V E N U E.

The Six-Pence a Man per Month, of 10,000 Seamen usually employed in the King’s Service at Sea, in Time of Peace, yields -

The Six-Pence a Man per Menfem, of about 1,^00 Seamen employed on board his Majesty's Ships in ordinary, may yield -

The Six-Pence a Man per Mcnfan, of Seamen employed in the Merchants Service, is elliraated at.....-

The Three Light-houses on the Forelands may yield, per Annum, about

The Rents per Annum of Moufesyield about ..

There is veiled in South Sea Annuities, by Order of the Court of Chancery, the Sum ol 3,494. 10s. id. devifd to the Hospital; Hindi Surn is to be laid out in the Purebafe of Lands; and, in the mean time, the Hospital receives Interest, at £. 4 per Cent.

Revenue short of the Expence

<0

*1

Note, — The Half Pay of the Lieutenant Governor, and other mHitary Officers of the Hospital, which is at present applied in Aid to the Revenue of the Hospital, and may be deducted from the £. s. d. above Deficiency, amounts to - - - -O437 —

The Wages, and Value of the Provisions, allowed to the Chaplains of the Ordinary of Deptford and Woolwich, which are at present applied in like manner, they being the Chaplains of the Hospital, amount to - 107-----

But the said Sums, being uncertain, are not brought to Account, as Part of the Revenue of the Hospital.

Note, AjT)5,oooo Seamen were voted for the Service of the Year 1736, the Revenue will have yielded more in that Year in proportion as the Number employed exceeded 10,000 Men.

- >39 15 7

12»r>-9 3 1 1

10,053 2 1 1

22,567 6 IO

£. s. d. 3,250-----

487 10 —

7,000-----

1,400-----

231 18 4

Estimate of the EXP E X C E.

The Maintaining of 900 poor di fa bled Seamen, with the Officers, Servants and Nurses, upon the present Establishment, is cflimated at

The ordinary Repairs in and about the Hospital, including the Wages of the Oilicris of the Works, is dl.mated at about «.

Contingent Charges are about -

£. s. (L

20,567 6 10

1,50°-----

5#o-----

£. 22,567 6 10

16th February 174

By Order of the Directors,

7.5° 7 —

WilL Corbett.

10 Geo. II. 18* Februarii* 755

754

18° Fcbrmriu

A. 1736.

Ax ACCOUNT, Viewing how the Money, granted last Sessiort of Parliament, for Greenwich Hospital, has been disposed; prepared in pursuance of an Order from the honourable House of Commons, dated 8th February 1736.;

The Expence of maintaining 450 additional disabled Seamen, with 27 Nurses, being Widows of £. s. d.

Sea Officers, or poor Seamen, for One Year, is estimated at - 8,200-----

Remainder to carry on the current Service of the Hospital ----- -1,800-----

£. 10,000-----

Note, That the Accounts of the Hospital are cleared and paid only to 30th Sept. lafi.

By Order of the Directors

16th February 17!?.

Ordered, That the said State and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

XVorcester A Petition of the Trustees appointed for putting in Roads. Execution an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads, therein mentioned, leading into the City of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That the Petitioners have laid out great Sums of Money in repairing the said Roads, over and above the Money collected by the Tolls and Duties granted by the said A(51, and have made great Progress in amending the same; hut that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, according to the true Intent of the said Act, and the Monies borrowed upon the Credit thereof be repaid, unless the Term thereby granted be enlarged, and the said Act made more effectual; and that the Waggon Road from Severn Stoke* in the County o(Worcester, to the great Bridge near Upton upon Severn; the Roads leading from the Mitre Oak to Tilton Brook, and to a Farm-houseca’led Goodness, in the Pa-rilli of Har/lebury; and the Road leading from High Ladder Stile to the Bottom of Crinnpall Hill, in the Parish of Leigh; and the Road leading from Mr. An-d/rzw’sHpufe, at the Hill, through Hatfield, to the End of Narrow Wood Lane, adjoining to Wadberrow Common; and the Roads leading from Bransford to Pitly-ford's Bridge, in the Parish of Leigh; and from Bransford aforesaid to Ilerefordshire Lake, in the Pari Hi of Suckley; and from the Hundred House to Stock-ton Brooke, in the Parish of Stockton-, not included in the Highways directed by the said Act to be repaired, are become so bad and ruinous, that., in the Winter and wet Seasons, the same are dangerous, and in a manner impassable: And, the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws not being sufficient to put and keep the same in good Repair, therefore praying the House for Leave to bring in a Bill, not only for enlarging the Term granted by the said Act, and for completing, in the First place, the Roads directed by the said Act to be repaired, but also for repairing the said additional Roads, to Inch Places, in such Manner, and for such Time, as shall seem most agreeable to this House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sandys, Mr. LocJcwood, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir John Rushout, Sir Roger Brad-Jhaigh, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Hay, Mr. Waller, Sir Just. I/ham, Mr. Compton, Mr. Bold, Mr. Neivland, Mr. Chester, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. C\rfar, Mr. Packer, Mr. Lijle, Mr. JVynd-ham, Mr. PoUiill, Sir James Grant, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Archer, Lord Sidney Bean clerk, Mr. Edwards, Sir Robert Coivan, Mr. Horfmonden Turner, Mr. Lrheup, Mr. [wckyear, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Tawnjhend, Sir James Campbell, SirkCharles Vernon, Mr. Henry Archer, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Walts, Mr. Archer, Lord Morpeth, Sir Thomas Savnderson, Mr. Harry Waller, Mr. Thomas Archer, M v.Pturner, Mr. Pollen, Mr Affleck, Mr. /Barker; and all the Members who serve lor the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, Here-

with Corbett.

ford\ Salop, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Debtors Castle and Town Gaols of Cambridge, in behalf of I hem- Petitions selves, and a Multitude of other Debtors in the several Prisons of this Kingdom; and also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in Appleby Gaol, in the County of West mar da ml;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

complaining of 1 heir Distress *. And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The House being informed, that some of the Com- Laml Thk. missioners for Taxes attended at the Door; nnH House

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to Du,y Arrears the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were Handing out at Cfmfimas last, with the Names of the respective Receivers in whole Hands thelaid Arrears remained; dillinguilliing each Year, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof:

And also,

An Account of what Arrears of Duties upon Houses were Handing out at Christmas last, with the Names of the respective Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears remained; diHinguishing each Year, and what Proceedings have been bad to compel the Payment thereof.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were rend.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Debtors New Gaol in Southwark, in the County of Surry, on Petitions, behalf of them selves, and many Thou fund others in the like Distress in this Kingdom; and also,

A Petition of the poor info!vent Debtors confined for Debt in the Prison of the Marshalsea in Southwark, on behalf of them selves, and many Thou funds of the like Objects; and also,

A Petition of the Prisoners in his Majesty’s Prison in the Poultry Compter, in behalf of them selves, and Thoufatids in the several Gaols of this Kingdom; and of all fuel) Persons who have fi d to other Countries, or otherwise absconded from their lawful Callings, for fear of Arrests and Imprisonment, who shall be willing to surrender their whole EfTefts in Discharge of their Debts; and also,

A Petition oft he poor Prisoners confined for Debt in Woodfirect Compter in the City of London, in behalf of them selves, and the rest of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the several Gaols of this Kingdom; and also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his Majesty’s Prison of Ludgate; and also,

A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors, now Prisoners in Stafford Gaol, in the County of Stafford-,

Were

10 Geo. II. 18° — 110

Were severall vprefcuted to the House, and read; complaining o(their DiArcfs: And praying Relief. And the said Petition* were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

755

to be true; and had diverted him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

b«>{*f»iy Bill; 1)util'* on &c.

Jtc. Nat.

Supply.

ConvmiUec

of’

Privileges.

Jimcs* iSu ive.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cvder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service uf the Year *7^7; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pah: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cvder, and Perry, in tiiut Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year 1 737.

Ordered, 'Dial Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deli re their Concur, ence.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Slcholas Ma gene, John Timmerman, and Theodore Davcl, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pah: And that the Title

be. An Act for naturalizing Xicholas Magcns, Jehu Timmerman, and Theodore Daccl.

OrdtredJYUnl Mr. Ahb rnian ilea heote do carry the Bi!l to the Lords, and delirc their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day K'ing rend, for the Ilonfe to resolve it-If into a Committee of the whole House, to coiiiider further of the Supply granted to his Maji ll v;

Ordered\ Tlmt the Eliiuiate of the Charge of the Guards, Cvarrifons, and other his Majesty’s I-and Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 17 .579 he referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the KAimateof tin* Charge of his Majesty s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, lor the Year 17^7, he referred to the said Committee,

Then the House reiblved itself into the said Com* inittee.

Mr. Speaker IrA the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker r* fumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they hail eoinc to several Rololtilions; which they had directed him to report, when the I Imife will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the Ilonfe, That, he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave lofu again.

RefulvcdSYUnt this House will, u|>on Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections he adjourned.

And then the Ilonfe adjourned till Monday Morning next, Niue of the Clock.

Lunee^ 210 die Februai'ii j Anno io* Georgii II41 Regis, 1736. Praters.

AIR. Tracy reported from the Committee, to whom LvjI the Blil to enable Anthony James' Esquire, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Keck, pursuant to the Will of Antony Keck Gentleman, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same VC L.

Mr. Fall presented to the House, according to Dunbar Order, a Bill for continuingan Art, passed in the Fifth Harbour, Year of the Reign of his late MajeAyKing George the FirA, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penics Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dunbar, for improving and preserving the Harbour, and repairing the Town-house, and building a School, and other publick Buildings there, and for supplying the said Town with fresh Water: And the same was received; and read the Fir A time.

Resolveed, That the Bill be read a Second time,

Mr. Robert Hacks reported from the Committee, to Paving, Sec; whom the Petition of several of the Inhabitants living Street* in within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, in the County of Middleje.r, and Borough of Southwark; in the County of Surry, on behalf of themselves, anil others, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had diverted him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the I Ioufe 1 and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read j and is as follows; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the following Witnesses were examined; viz.

John Milner, Thomas Ilucks, Esquires, and Mr. Daniel Bolton: Who severally said, Tlmt the Streets within the Limits aforesaid are in a very ruinous Condition, occasioned by each lloufekeoper having the Liberty of directing the Pavement before his own Door in what manner lie thinks proper, the Method whereof is generally left to the Paviour; and tin* Pavements before Two Houses adjoining, being frequently laid by different Workmen, are ieldom level; by means whereof the Water settles on the lower Pavement, and soon destroys the same; and the Channels are lb much deepened, as to btcomo a Nuisance, and frequently occasion the Overturning or Breuking down of Coaches, and other Carriages:

That the Paviours employed by the Proprietors of the several Waterworks, who have it in their power to break up Pavements at their pleasure, seldom make good such Pavement with proper Materials, but nfe Allies and Dirt instead of Gravel; which not being well rammed, the Pavement soon links, and wears into Holes:

That the Number of empty Houses is another Cause of the bad Pavements; the Owners of such Houses, not being cafilydiscovered, living frequently indiAanl Parts:

That t lie J nAices of Peace cannot refuse the Scavengers returned by the Inhabitants, however improper or unfit: nor cau such Scavengers be called to account till the Expiration of the Year; whereby many Inconveniencies have arisen, and large Sums of Money have been loA:

That the Builders, in order to make their Mortar, frequently lay Rubbish in irregular Heaps in the said Streets; which are often the Means of Coaches, and other Carriages, being overturned; and that the Night Carts frequently pals through the said Streets by Nine of the Clock in the Evening, without regard to the Season of the Year, and continue passing till late in the Morning, to the great Annoyance of the Inhabitants.

That Polls, Rails, Bulks, Sheds, and other Incroach-ments, are daily erected in the Streets within the Limits aforesaid; and that Spouts are often so placed, that the Rain-water falls into the Foot-way.

Upon reading several Clauses in the Statute of the Second Year of the Reign of their late Mnjefiies King William and Queen Mary, Chapter the 8th, it appeared to the Committee, that there was not sufficient Power to compel the Scavengers or Rakers to carry the Dirt or Filth out of the Streets; and that there are not sufficient

Provisions,

0T

o

%° Februarii.

Debtors

Petition.

Committees

New Sarum btieets.

Supp!}%.

21

A. 173

Provisions, by the Laws now in being, effectually to remedy the several Nuisances and Incroachments before* mentioned.

Mr. Robert Hucks also reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behaifof themselves, and others, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the following Witness was examined; viz.

Nathanael Blackerby Esquire: Who said. That the Pavements of the Streets within the said City and Liberty of Westminster are in a very ruinous Condition, for want of sufficient Powers in the Act passed in the 2d Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Maiy, Chapter 8th, to oblige the Owners of empty Houses to keep in repair the Pavements before such Houses; or to oblige the Occupiers of Houses to make life of proper Materials, or to observe proper Levels, in paving the said Streets; it being left entirely to them to have it done in what manner they think fit; or to oblige the Scavengers and Rakers to take up, and carry away, the Filth and Soil out of the Streets, or the Dirt, Dust, or Coal-Allies, made in the Houses of the several Inhabitants, tinless such Inhabitants shall carry1 the same to their Carls, which, in many Cafes, is impossible to be done.

He further said, That there are many Incroachments and Nuisances in the said Streets; for that Bulks, Sheds, and Cellar-doors, are frequently carried so far into the said Streets, that it is not only inconvenient, but dangerous, for Foot Passengers, Coaches, and other Carriage?, to pass; and that in many Places, the Rain-water is conveyed from off the Tops of the Houses by open Spouts, or Gutters, so that it falls immediately into the Streets, and is a great Annoyance to Persons going through the same; all which Incroachments and Ntii-fances cannot be effectually remedied without some further Provision by Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving and cleansing the Streets within the City and Liberty of Westminster, the Liberties and Pa-riflies within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, in the County of Middlesex, and in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry; and for preventing Nuisances and Incroachments therein: And that Mr. Robert Hucks, Sir William llealhcote, and Sir William Jollijjfe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the confined Debtors in the common Gaol of Cardigan, in Wales, on behalf of themselves, and Tlioufands others in the Gaols in this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Number of efte&ive Men to be provided for Guards and Garrisons in Great Britain,n\v\ for Gitern-fey and Jersey, for the Year 1737, be, including One thousand Eight hundred and Fifteen Invalids, and Five hundred Fifty-five Men, which the Six Independent Companies consist of, for the Service of the Highlands,

Seventeen thousand Seven hundred and Four Men, Commission and Non-commission Officers included.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred forty-seven thousand Five hundred Forty-nine Pounds Eleven Shillings and Three Pence Halfpeny, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the said Seventeen thousand Seven hundred and Four Men, for Guards and Garrisons, and other his Majesty’sLand Forces, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Year 1737.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding Two hundred and fifteen thousand Seven hundred and Ten pounds Six Shillings and Five Pence Halfpeny, be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Canso,

Placentia, and Gibraltar, for the Year 17.37.

The said lleiblutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Questioti severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Punishinf punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Mutiny and Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Dtiertiun. Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Andrews, and Mr. Huxley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in Lancaster Castle, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousand others confined, as also of all those who have fled into foreign Countries for fear of a Gaol, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress:

And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom-, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Mean*. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Commute# Elections he adjourned. Privilege*.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Debtors

Petition.

Ws

Mart is, 2 2° die Februarii \

Anno 10° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1736.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Mr. Peter Bathurst presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better repairing and paving the Highways, Streets, and Watercourses, within the City of Ntw Sarum; and for enlightening the Streets, Lanes and Passages, and better regulating the Nightly M atch, within the said City: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read iu his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: M here the same were read; and are as followed) \ viz. 22

Prayers.

Q RDF. RE D, That Mr. William Bromley be added opy-right to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and of printed bring in, a Bill for Hie better Encouragement of Learn- Books,

ing, by the more effectual securing the Copies of printed Books to the Authors or Purchasers of such Copies, during the Times therein to he mentioned; and to repeal an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Learning, by veiling the Copies of printed Books in the Authors or Purchasers of such Copies, during the Times therein mentioned.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined in the King's Debtor* Botch Prison, in behalf of themselves and many Thou- Pvntion. sand others in the several Gaols of this Kingdom; and also,

A Petition

Prbton

I’tliiioo*.

io Geo. II.

A Petition of several poor Prisoners now confined in the Prit'on for the City and County of Eioii, for Debt, in behalf of themselves, and many others in the like unhappy Condition in the several Prisons of this Kingdom; and also,

A Petition of the Prisoners now confined for Debt in the SherifTs Ward or Prison for the County of Dawn; and also,

A Petition of the Prison ?rs confined for Debt in the County and Corporation Gaols at Leicester, in behalf of themselves and many Thousands in the several Gaols of this Kingdom, and of all such Persons who have fled toother Countries for fear of the Miseries of a Gaol;

Were Severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

757

And the said Petitions were Severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The House being informed, that Mr. Woof De- Greenwich puty Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, attended at the Hospiul. Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account, shewing how much Money has been received by the Treasurers of the said Hospital, from Christmas 1735 to Christmas 1736; and how the same has been applied.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

22° Februarii.

Greemcich Hospital,) An ACCOU XT, shewing how much Money has been receired by the Treasurers of the aid February 1736.3 said Hospital, from Christmas 1735 to Christmas 1736; and how the same has been

applied.

S U M.

Received 1 y Ph Up Cavendish Esquire, from Christmas 173*; to the 15th April 1736: £. s. d

Received for Seamen - Vx-p*nces, employed in the Merchants Service, ending with Feb. 1735 2,726 6 3$

Received on account of Abatements on Seamens Wages, employed in his Majesty's Service, to the

31st December 1733 - - - -: - 216 16 6

Received for the Duties of the Light- houses on the North and South Forelands Half a Year, to

Chtijhnas 173s.....- - 772 3 *1

Received the Remainderof£. i*»,oooo granted by Parliament, Anno 17*5 - - - , -5,000-----

Received the ChupI.imsWage*, and Groats for Deptford and Woolwich Ordinaries, to Michaelmas

*733 - , " - - " 38 5 6

Received S* amens lorfeitures. One Year, to Christmas 173}.....-3151

Rcccivnl the Officer- IldfIVtv, Sin Months, to Ditto - - - - - - 327-----

Received the Deductions ot 1 hr«v pence in the I omjd from the above - - - 44 —

Received for Rent ot 11 nulls, belonging to the Hospital - - - - 41 1^ 7

Received by Hercules Baker Esquire, from the iCth April to Christmas 1736:

Received for Seamens Sixpences employed in the Merchants Service, ending with Afov 1736 - 4,629 6 7{

Received on account of Abait ments on Seamens Wages, employed in lus Majesty’s Service - 5,000-----

Received for the Du?i« s of the Light -houses on the North and South Forelands, Three Quarters,

ending Michaelmas 1736 ----- ... 1,107 l9 11

Received for Six-pences abated from Seamen employed in victualling Vessels, to the 31st March

»7.)6.....- - , - - 9 >6 —

Received for the Provisions due to the Chaplains of the Ordinaries of Deptford and Woolzvich9 to the

31 (I March 1 / 36 - - - -- 35 18 —

Received the Wages and Groats on Ditto, to Ditto - - 38 18 6

Received the Chaplains Groats on the Yields, to the 31 (I December 1735 - - - - 96 14 6

Received for the Kent of Houses belonging to the Hospital - - - - 192 5 4I

£. 11,1x0 18 11

Which said Sums, together with what remained in the Treasurer’s Hands on the 25th December 1735, have been applied, as on the other Side; viz.

Vo l. 22.

9 G

Treasurers.

Treasurers

To Cash in the Treasurers* Hands on the 25th December 1735 To sundry Imprest Receipts, then {landing out -To sundry Receipts by Philip Cavendish Esquire, from Christmas 1735 to the 15th April 1736, as on the other Side -

To sundry Receipts by Hercules Baker Esquire, from the 16th of April to Christmas 1736, as on the other Side -

D

cq'

N

CD

Q_

CT

O

o

Ort

OO

D".

d.

7,228 11 Si

CO 0 wj 00 5 i

£M58 — 21

11,1 IO l8 11

3°>574 19 —

Per Contra

O'.

Paid by Philip Cavendish Esquire, from Christmas 1735 to the 15th April 1736: £. s. d.

Six Months Houshold Books, ending March 1736 - 8,861 6 81-

Six Months Contingencies, Ditto - - 506 9 7

Six Months Books of current Works, Ditto - - 315 9 8

Six Months Books of measured Works, Ditto - - 178 11 10

A Book of Works, done in the South Pavision of Queen

Anne s Building, ending Ditto - - - - 166 87

Paid by Hercules Baker Esquire, from the 16th April to the 25th December 1736:

Six Months Houshold Books, ending September 1736 - 9*104 5 8*

Six Months Contingencies, Ditto - - - - 192149

Six Months Books of current Works, Ditto - - 693 9 4

Six Months Books of measured Works, Ditto - 31387

Sundry Imprest Receipts (landing out - 2,125-----

sDue to Balance -

For Philip Cavendish Esquire,

and (Treasurers,

For Hercules Baker Esquire, J

James Wood, Deputy*

10,028 6 4f

12,428 18 4}

21.457 4 9i-8,117 14 3*

30*574 19 — i

N

Os

1

io Geo. II.

Ordered, That the fair! Account Jo lie upon the Table, to be perofed by the Members of the House.

PiiuUhiag Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, ac-Matiny tad cording to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Dc&ftioiu Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the First time.

% Refotved^ That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. John Rennet and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

Sapply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act J*- for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, c% and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year 1737; without any Amendment*.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

loytl Aflfcot A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, a Bill. Gentleman U flier of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable I louse to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty:

And being returned;

Mr. S|>eaker report-d. That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleafod to give the Royal Assent to One publick Bill; vis.

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England -, und for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year 1737.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-«»d Priaccft posed. That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to express the just Sense of this House of his Majesty’s great Goodness and tender Regard for the lading Welfare and Happiness of his People, in the Marriageof his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales; and asthis House cannot omit any Opportunity of shewing their Zeal and Regard for his Majesty’s Honour, and the Prosperity of his Family, humbly to beseech his Majesty, That, in Consideration of the high Rank and Dignity of their Royal Highnesses the Prince and Princess of Wales, and their many eminent Virtues and Merits, he would be graciously pleased to settle One hundred thousand Pounds a Year on the Prince of Wales, out of the Revenues cheerfully granted his Majesty for the Expences of his Civil Government, and better supporting the Dignity of the Crown, and for enabling his Majesty to make an honourable Provision for his Royal Family, in the same manner tiis Majesty enjoyed it before his happy Accession to the Throne; and also humbly to beseech his Majesty to settle the like Jointure on her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales, as her Majesty had when flie was Princess of Wales; and to allure his Majesty, that this House will enable him effectually to perform the fame, as nothing will more conduce to the Strengthening of his Majesty’s Government, than honourably support ing the Dignity of their Royal Highnesses, from whom we hope to fee a numerous I flue, to deliver down the Blessings of his Majesty’s Reign to latelt Posterity;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer said to the House* That he was commanded by his Majesty to acquaint this House, That his Majesty Yesterday fentaMeffage to his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, by the Lord Chancellor, Lord President, Lord Steward, Lord Chamberlain, Duke of Richmond, Duke of Argyle, Duke of Newcastle, Earl of Pembroke, Earl of Scarborough, and Vojl. 22

759

Lord Harrington; which Message, so sent by those Lords, being in Writing, was as follows; viz.

His Majesty has commanded us to acquaint your Royal Ilighuefs, in his Name, That, upon your Royal Highness's Marriage, he immediately took into his Royal Consideration the settling a proper Jointure upon the Princess of Wales; but his sudden going abroad, and his late Indisposition since his Return, had hitherto retarded the Execution of these his gracious Intentions; from which ftiort Delay his Majesty did not apprehend any Inconveniences could arise, especially since no Application had in any manner been made to him upon this subject by your Royal Highness; and that his Majesty bath now given Orders for settling a Jointure upon the Princess of Wales, as far as he is enabled by Law, suitable to her high Rank and Dignity; which he will in proper time lay before his Parliament, in order to be rendered certain and effectual for the Benefit of her Royal Highness.

The King has further commanded us to acquaint your lloyal Highness, That although your Royal Highness has not thought fit, by any Application to his Majesty, to desire that your Allowance of Fifty thousand Pounds per Annum, which is now paid you by Moutkly Payments, at the Choice of your Royal Highness, preferably to Quarterly Payments, might, by his Majestyvs further Grace and Favour, be rendered less precarious *, his Majesty, to prevent the bad Consequences which he apprehends may follow from the undutiful Measures which, his Majesty is informed, your Royal Highness has been advised to pursue, will grant to your Royal Highness, for his Majesty’s Life, the said Fifty thousand Pounds per Annum, to be issuing out of his Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, over and above your Royal Highness's Revenues arising from the Duchy of Cornwall; which his Majesty thinks a very competent Allowance, considering his numerous Issue, and the great Expences which do and must necessarily attend an honourable Provision for his whole Royal Family.

And that, to this Message, his Royal Highness the Prince returned a verbal Answer; which, according to the best Reeolledion and Remembrance of the Lords, was, in Substance, as follows; viz.

That his Royal Highness defined the Lords to lay him, with all Humility, at his Majesty's Feet; and to allure his Majesty, that he had, and ever should retain the utmofc Duty for his Royal Person; that his Royal Highness was very thankful for any Instance of his Majesty’s Goodness to him, or the Princess, and particularly for his Majesty’s gracious Intention of settling a Jointure upon her Royal Highness; but that, as to the Message, the Affair was now out of his Hands, and therefore he could give no Answer to it.

After which, his Royal Highness used many dutiful Expressions towards his Majesty; and then added, " Indeed, my Lords, it is in other Hands; I amforry " for it 5" or to that Effect.

His Royal Highness concluded with earnestly desiring the Lords to represent his Answer to his Majesty in the most respectful and dutiful manner.

Then the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to express the just Sense of this House of his Majesty’s great Goodness, and tender Regard for the lasting Welfare and Hap-

Einess of his People, in (he Marriage of his Royal Iighness the Prince of Wales; and, as this House cannot omit any Opportunity of shewing their Zeal and Regard for his Majesty's Honour, and the Prosperity of his Family, humbly to beseech his Majesty, That, in Consideration of the high Rank and Dignity of their Royal Highnesses the Prince and Princess of Wales, and their many eminent Virtues and Merits, he would be graciously pleased to settle One hundred thousand Pounds a Year on the Prince of Wales, out of the Revenues cheerfully granted his Majesty for the Expences of his Civil Government, and better supporting the Dignity of the Crown, and for enabling his Majesty to make an honourable Provision for his Royal

Family,

2i° Febru.

Tregony

Writ.

Debtors

Petition.

Clyd

Bridge.

2 2° — 2 30 Februarii. A. 1736.

Family, in the same manner his Majesty enjoyed it before his happy Aeceflion to the Throne; and also humbly to beseech his Majesty to settle the like Jointure on her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales, as her Majesty had when ftie was Princess of Wales; and to assure his Majesty, That this House will enable him effectually to perform the fame, as nothing will more conduce to the Strengthening of his Majesty’s Government, than honourably supporting the Dignity of their Royal Highneftes, from whom we hope to fee a numerous Issue, to deliver down the RlelTmgs of his Ma-’s Reign to latest Posterity; he House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas j ^fhn }

Tellers for the Noes.J ^: f

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House, having continued to fit till after Twelve of the Clock "at Night, adjourned till Eleven of the Clock this Wed-nvfday Morning.

Mercurii, 230 die Februarii;

Anno 10° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1736.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tregoiu/, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Sir Robert Cowan Knight, deceased.

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors confined in Chelmsford Gaol, in the County of Essex, in behalf of themselves, and Thousands more in this Kingdom; and also,

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in the Castle of York, in behalf of themselves, and many Hundreds in the Gaols adjacent:

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief: And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Carmichael reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh of Lanark, in North Britain, under the Common Seal of the said Burgh, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland'm 1703, was produced, and read; whereby a Toll was granted to the said Burgh of Lanark, for the Term of Nineteen Years, for repairing a Stone Bridge of Three Arches, which the Town had been at a very considerable Expence in building over the River Clyd, at Clyd/holm.

Then the Agents for the Petitioners laid before the Committee several Certificates, duly attested and proved; whereby it appeared, that the Expence of the Repairs annually exceeded the yearly Income of the Tolls granted by the said Act.

And it also appeared to the Committee, that the Bridge has been, and is, of so great Ufeand Service to the Neighbourhood, and the Toll so moderate andeafy, that, notwithstanding the Term granted by the said Act has been expired ever since the Year 1722, yet the Passengers have voluntarily paid for passing over the said Bridge, till of late, when some refused to pay the same; and the Petitioners are apprehen five that others will follow their Example, though the Bridge is and will be very useful and beneficial to the Country in general; which Bridge cannot be rebuilt, if there itoould be Occasion, nor repaired, or supported, if the fame should gojo Decay,'by the said Burgh of Lanark (their Debts being already large, and the Circumstances of the Community low), unless the said former Act be revived, and the Term and Tolls thereby granted continued and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh of Lanark to repair and maintain their Bridge oVer the River Clyd, at Clydjholm, in the Shire of Lanark: And # that Mr. Carmichael, the Lord Advocate of Scotland,

Sir James Campbell, and Mr. Fall, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Sir Robert. Abdy reported from the Committee,: to w^chapel whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his Ihte Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the Stones End at Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Shenfield* and to theffur-thermost Part of the Parish of Woodford, leading to the Town of Epping, in the County of Essex, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Trustees; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Persons,. whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living in or near the Road leading from the Causeway in the Parish of Lota Layton, in the County of Essex,. through Wanstead, to the End of the Parish o { Woddford, next to the Parish of Chigwell, in the said County; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition^; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions,

Mr. Thomas Donne, Clerk to the Trustees appointed to put in Execution the above-mentioned Act, ,was called: Who, being examined, said, That the Sum of Two thousand Five hundred and Sixty Pounds hadr been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act, One thousand and Sixty Pounds of which had been paid oft'; so that there still remained due Fifteen hundred Pounds:

And being asked. What he thought might arise frortfj the Tolls at the several Turnpike-gates,* one* Year witlY another, and what the Expence of repairing the said

Road might amount to ? he laid, Thathe believed some- thing upwards of Three thousand Pounds might bean-'-nually collected from the said Turnpike-gates; atic! very near that Sum. annually expended in repairing1 the said Koadr exclusive of the Interest paid for the Money borrowed; notwithstanding which, it appeared, by the Evidence of

John Gould Esquire, That the said Roads continued in a very indifferent Condition, and greatly in need bf farther Repair; for which Purpose, as well to enable the Trustees to payoff the Sum of Fifteen hundred '

Pounds, now owing on the said Turnpike, he said, the Continuance of the said Act for alouger Term was intirely necessary. He like wife acquainted the Committee, That the Road mentioned in the Second Petition, leading from the Causeway in the Parish of Lozv '

Layton, in the County of Essex, through Wanstead, to the End of the Tarifli of Woodford, next to the Parish ! of Chigwell, in the said County, was very bad 'and ruinous, and full of Quicksands; and that more Work and Money was necessary for the Repairs thereof, than 1 the Inhabitants of the several Parities, wherein the '

Roads lie, are obliged to do and pay, by virtue of the "

Laws now in being relating thereto.

Ordered, That Leave be. given to bring in a Bill fot* inlarging the Terms and lowers granted by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the Stones, End at Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to She nfield, and to the furthermost Part of the Parish of Woodford, leading to the Town of Epping, in the County of Essex; and for amending the Road leading from the Causeway in the Parish of Low Layton, through Wanstead, to the End of the said Parish of Woojford, next to the Parish of Chigwell, in the said

County

Frifilrjc.

Supply.

fonifhiftg ffupoy and Dcicmoo.

ferdmort, Ju. Dmn-

10 Geo. II. ij° — 24 j6t

C u w 1 \ E/fcr, and for rendering the said Act more r,: 11': A.n 1 that Mr Robert Abdy, sihd Mr. Ihamston, c.-. j «pure, and Iring In, the Hunt.

The House being informed, that SatLfuftion had been given to Mr. Holmes, a Member of this House, in relation to the Breach of Privilege complained of the I4tii 1>iv of this instant February;

it (ftieit, That the Committee of Privilege* and Elections U discharged Irom proceeding upon the Mutter of the ikivi Complaint.

Tl>e Carder of the Dav being read;

liefolied. That this 1 Joule will, upon Friday Morning next* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole lloule, to consider further of the Supply grunted to his Mjjcity.

A Pill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Puvment of the Army and their Quarter; was read a Second tir.i.

Rt Jdied, T tnit t*Hill lie committed.

RedJvtd. 'Hiat the bill be committed to a Committee of the whole Hm.lc.

Refilled\ That t!r> House will, Tomorrow Morning, refoUe illi if into a Committee of the whole lloule, upon the said i ill.

And thni tV. House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the C loth.

Jovis, 2 4° die Februarii \

Anno 10* ticorgii II. IR-gis 17.>0.

Pray ers.

A PETITION of the Owners and Proprietors. whole Names are tluunnto lubfniVd, ot tiu* several Fen-grounds lying in luju. 're, Haurden, and Canute Fanis, and of one Piece of Fen-ground called lie Holts. in Ely, w ithin the lile of Ely, and County of Cmnbri.yc, was presented to the House, and read; htting lorth. That the said several Fen-grounds contain together, in the Whole, F.ight hundred and Fifty Acres, or thereabouts; and, lor several Years last palt, have been, and still nrr, overflown with Waters, through the Deleft of their Outfalls to Sea; by rcaibn whereof the same arc in Danger of being utterly loft, to the great Damage and Impoverishment of the Petitioners, and of the Inhabitants of the said Town of Ely, wherein the said Fen-grounds do lie; and that, notwithstanding the Powers and Provisions now in Force for draining, and keeping the fume dry, the same cannot he prclerved without the further Aid of Parliament, to enable the Petitioners to prclerve and keep the same drained for tiic future; by which means great Benefit will not only accrue to the Publick, but much Profit aiul Advantage to the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premiics into Consideration; and to give the Petitioners Leave to bring in a Bill for the more effectual draining and preserving of the said Fen-grounds, in fuel) manner as to the House Audi seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-fuleration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Bromley, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Brean, Mr. CroJ/e, Mr. 1 lucks, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Pltnnptre, Sir George Wynne, Sir Sathaniel Carson, Mr. Byng, Mr. Trefujis, Mr. Affleck, MrKdgcumb, Colonei Lyddell, Sir James Grant, Mr. Long uni lie, Mr. Brereton, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Hen. Archer, Lord John Saclnille, Sir Robei't Monroe, Mr. Turner, Mr. Owett, Sir Hum. Haworth, Mr. lied-worth, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Prohy, Mr. Gib fan, Mr Blackett, Clanton, Mr. Raivtinfon Earley

Vo l. 22.

Colonel Duckett, Mr. C\efur, Mr. Earle. Mr. Whit-u'orth, Mr. Hoy. Mr. Windfvv, Mr. Williams\ Colonel Onslow, Mr. Bromley, Mr. On//ore; nful all the AI embers

w ho serve lor the ( ounticsof (Cambridge end Huntingdon:

Awl they are to meet this Afternoon, at 1 ive of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Potions, Papers, and Records*.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Companvof Stationers Book* redo lay lietbre this House, an Account of the Number of glrtercdilt Books entered into the Registry of the said Company, H^i°neri pursuant to tl>c Statute, of the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen June, intituleJ, An Act for the Encouragement of Learning, by vesting the Copies of printed Books in the Authors or Purchasers of f«ch Copies, during the Times therein mentioned; chftinguishing the Number of Books entered in each Year.

Ordered, That the Warrhouse-keeper of the Company of Stationers do lay before this House, an Account of the Number of C opies of Books demanded of him by the Keepers of the several Libraries entitled thereunto by virtue of the said Statute of the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne; distinguishing the Number demanded in each Year.

A Petition of the poor distressed Debtors in his Ala- Debtors jesty’s Gaol for the County of Hertford: And also, Peiitionj.

A Petition ot' tin? poor Prisoners for Debt in his Majesty’s Ciaol at Huntingdon, wiiofc Names are therduoto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relic f.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr Speaker do ifi'ue his W'arrant to Glamorgan the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new W rit for Writ, eh cting a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Paili ament for the County of Glamorgan, in the room of the honourable William Tall it Llquire, now Lord Talbot, called up to the House of Peers.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Antony James Esquire, and- Jamci* his Heirs Male, to take and ule the Surname of Keck, Natnc,> purliiant to the W ill of Antony Kick Gentleman, de-ccaicd; was read the Third time.

Refilled, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Antony James Esquire. and his Heirs Male, and other Potions therein mentioned, to take and ule the Surname of Keek, pursuant to the Will of Antony Keck Gentleman, deceit led.

Ordered, That Mr. Tracy do carry the Bill to Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the pumcting whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny, and Mutiny anJ Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and Defirrtion* their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War took the Cliak of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumeci the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. /

And then the House adjourned till To-morrov/

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

9H

7 fa

Veneris^ 250 die;

Anno 10* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1736. Prayers.

Greenwich MT^HE House being informed) that Mr. Corbett, Hospital. X from the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the

25° Februafii. 736.

House, pursuant to an Act of Parliament, A Report of the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, what Money has been received from the Derwentwater Estate in the Year 1736; and of their Proceedings in carrying on the Building.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

The said Report is as follows; viz.

IN Obedience to the Directions of an Act, passed in the First Session of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Derwentwater and Charles Radcliffe;

Requiring the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen, at Greenwich, to contract and agree with able and sufficient Tradesmen, Artificers, or other Persons, for finishing and completing the said Royal Hospital in a workman-like and substantial Manner, on the easiest and most reasonable Terms, according to the Plan laid before the House of Commons, in the said Session of Parliament; and to lay their Proceedings therein with their annual Accounts, before his Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament, respectively;

The Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital do humbly report as followeth:

' £. s. d.

There has been received, between the 31st of December 1735, and 31st December 1736, out of the

Rents of the Estate 1 - - - ... 5,063 11 — {

There has been received at the Bank a Year’s Dividend on £. 5,500, Three per Cent. Annuities, purchased with Part of the Money received in 1735 - J - - - - 165 — —

As to their Proceedings in carrying on the Building;

Hie East Building of Queen Marys Court has been carried up from the Top of the Basement to the Level of the Top of the Facia, which makes the Window-ltools of the great Hall.

The North Front of the Chapel has been carried up the same Height, and Part of the Basis of the Legs of the Cupola has also been advanced in this Year.

The Expence of which has amounted to -

By Command of the Commissioners,

Admiralty Office, Will. Corbett.

the 24th February 1734.

5,228 11 I

2,989 8 8

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Duhbar A Bill for continuing an Act, passed in the Fifth Year

Harbour. Tof the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First,

intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, of One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Pint xif Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the T'own of Dunbar, for improving and preserving the Harbour, and repairing the Town-house, and building a School, and other public Buildings there, and for tup-plying the said Town with fresh Water; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fall, Colonel Myddelton, Sir James Campbell\ Mr. Brereton, Mr. Longuevilk, Mr. Campbell, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Colonel Selwyn, Sir Wm. Clayton, Sir Jof Pennington, Sir Henry Peachy, Mr. Cronek. Air. Henley, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Ross, Mr. Tracey, Sir NathanieL Curzon, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Pturner. Air. Pigott, Sir Orl. Bridgman, Mr. Vere, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Archer, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. JIungerford, Mr. Henry Archer, Mr. Afdey, Mr. Ship-pen, Sir James Grant, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Wm. Pturner; and all the Afembers who serve for North Britain: And ' they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. t

Punishing Mr. Secretary at War, according to Order, reported Mutiny and from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the e er.ion. j^|j fQr punjp1ing ^Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee lmd made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the -Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: AVhere the

Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question ieve-rally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-gvoffed.

A Bill for the better repairing and paving the High- New Sarum ways, Streets, and Watercourses, within the City of New Streets* Sarum; and for enlightening the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, and better regulating the Nightly Watch, within the said City; wras read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Peter Bathurjt, Mr. Hoarc, Mr. Drax, Mr. Corbett, Sir James Grant, Mr. Archer, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir John Barnard, Mr. How, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Drummond, Sir James Campbell, Sir Jof Pennington,

Mr. Pelham, Mr. Owen, Mr. Walker, Mr. Maijler,

Air. Holland, Mr. Burrell, Alh Beaghan, Mr. Seymour;

Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Oglethorpe, Lord Sundon, Sir Ronvland Aljton, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Hacks, Colonel Campbell, Mr. Huxley, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Harley, Mr. Chester, Air.

Medlycott, Sir Wm. Jollijfe, Mr. Lyfier, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Earle, Mr. Thomas Archer; and all the Alembers who serve for the Counties of I Fills, Southampton, Dorjct, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Aloming Ways and next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Aleans for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Alorn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

De» Botnrr-nc’i Namt.

Wiebclhio-fffl'l, Ac. Nil

Debtor) Pc-boon.

W^vmooth

Writ.

flunstable, Ac. Road.

to Geo. II. 28° Februarii. 763

Lutice, 28° die Februarii;

Anno io# Georgii II4' Regis, 1736.

Pray r n s.

API*. 111 I ON of Sir Jacob 1)*\% Houverie Baronet, tuuljohn Des Hom eric Efcjuirc, and PUzaln til Des Homeric, his Silin\ was prelected to tin* I Ionic, and read; forth, 'Hat Jacob Dn Homeric Ltijuirc,

deceased, Tncle ot Cue Petitioner Sir Jacob, and Sir Clu'i/lofihcr Des Homeric, drecaltd, Father of the Petitioner John Des Homeric, anti Elizabeth l)es Ihuvcric, lor several Year? before their respective Deaths, did write theudclves by the Surname of Homeric, and not Des Houverie, and were desirous that their Fumilies should write and rail thtmklvcs by the Surname of Homeric only; ami that the Petitioner Sir Jacob, in compliance with the Detire of his laid lode, a willing and desirous tJiut the Surname o| Houverie only should, by Act of Parliament, lie eltublilhul and eoiiltimed in and upon the said Petitioner, am! his Blue; and, tirnt the Petitioners John Des Huuctnc and Elizabeth Des limvcric, in compliance with tlfto Delirc of their laid Futber, urc willing and delirous that the Surname of Homeric only should l>c (liablillied and confirmed, by Act of Parliament, in and upon tin laid Petitimrr John Des Hem a ic, and his lliue, and in and u|>on the Petitioner Elizubish Dc* Bom erie: And tin n tore pr.-uig t!ie House to give Ixavc t!mt a Pill may l>c bi ought in I«/r enabling the Petitiomrs Sir JactJt Des Bi'uwnc and John Des />//; <//«, and their relj*diw Iliiie, and the Petitioner Elizabeth Des Homeric, to take and ule tJa* S ni.inieol Hom eric, pursuanl to the Dilircot (h< ir laid I nele and Father, deceased.

Ordered, That Lca\e he given to bring in a Pill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. 11 obirt lluel.s, Mr. // ode, and Mr. Laroche, do pup.ir*, audhiiiigin, tia* fame.

A Petition o{(i'.dtrcu Wicln :}u:utln and ./<//; Francis A »/>/*. was prea nted to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Petitioners were lx>m out of his Maj< ti\ Allegiance*, but have proleihd the true Protciiant Religion, and given Testimony ot their loyalty to his Majesty: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Pill for tluir Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Kill, according to the Pmvcr of the Petition: And that Mr. ('rofjl, and Sir William Clayton, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors under close C onfinement within Ids Majesty Gaol of Newgate, in and for the Town and ('minty of A rncca/llc upon Tyne, whole Names arc thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themtclvcs and many Hundreds more in the same Condition, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distrcls: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to ibe Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for clef ting a Purgefs to serve in this prcicrit Parliament for the Borough of IFey mouth and Mel comb Regis, in the County of Dor (it, in the room of Eduard Tucker Esquire: who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Ollice of Supervisor of his Majesty s Quarries in the Island of Portland, in the said County.

Mr. JJhby reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, w hole Names are tlicrcunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing and w idening the Road leading from the Black Bull Inn, in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shqfford House, in the County of Hertford, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had VoL 22.

directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and aiterwnrJs delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the fume was read; and is as follows; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Petitioners produced,

An Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First; by which it up-ficarcd, that several 'l olls and Duties were granted, lor repairing the said Road, for Twenty-one Years.

Then the following Witnesses were called; viz.

Mr. Thomas Etlingham, Treasurer, and Mr. John Howard, Surveyor: Who severally said, That, notwith-fumding the several Parishes do their Statute-work, and the Money anting by the said 'foils and Duties is laid out in repairing the Road aforesaid, the same is in a very ruinous Condition, and dangerous for Passengers in the Winter Sealbn.

Mr. Charles Pyne, Clerk to the Trustees, fakl* That, upon the Credit of the said l olls and Duties, the Sum of £. 1,300. was liorrowed; and produced an annual Account of the Revenue of such Tolls and Duties, with the Expence of repairing the said Road, which he examined with the Treasurers Rooks; whereby it appeared, that the Sum anting from the Tolls and Duties was not fufli-cient elhctually to repair the said Road, and repay the Sum liorrowed, without increating the 'Polls and Duties, and a further Continuation of the Act before-mentioned.

The laid Mr. John Howard further said. That several PerJori!» Ircquently drive ('attic through the Grounds ot some Farmer-, in order to avoid paying the Tolls and Duties payable by the liiid Act for the lame, which has Ixx n 01 ten complained of by the Farmers, their Grounds being much prejudice d thereby.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for , inlarging the IVmi and Powers granted by ail Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the lint, lor repairing and widening the Road leading from the Blaek Hull Inn, in the County of Hcoford, to the Wav turning out of the said Road up to Shuffrd House, in the County of Hertford: And that Mr. Ashhy, and Sir Thomas Ajion, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Cliftdn Worcdler upon learn, in the County of IForccfier, in behalf of Road*.

themfilvrs, und several other adjacent Parishes, was prelected to the House, and read; fitting forth, That the Petitioner* find, by* the Votes of this House, That a Petition is presented to this House, from the Trustees for putting in Execution un Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the first, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads, therein mentioned, leading into the City of Worcester; wherein the Petitiomrs deli re a further Jnlargcment of their Term, and that several additional Roads therein named may be repaired; and representing to the House, that the Road from Home Bridge to a Place called Cliftons Wood, in the said Parish oidtjtvn, is become so ruinous, that it cannot he repaired by the Laws now in being: And there-fore praying. That the said Road may be repaired in such manner as the other additional Roads mentioned in the said Petition are proposed to be repaired.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to w hom the Petition of the Trustees appointed for putting in Execution an Act,

]>afled in the Tw elfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads t.herein mentioned, leading into the City of // orcester, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The Order of the Day being rend, for the House to Ways and resolve ifclelf into a Committee of the whole House, to Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved\

Supply.

Books re-giftercdat Stationers Hall.

Preventing

Stockjob-

bing.

Peculating

Elections.

28° Februariu 1736.

Rcfoked, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Sir John Rushout, Mr. Gyhhon, and Sir Thomas Sounder fun, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Ilouie to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty 5

Ordered, That the Copy of the Treaty with Denmark, 44 September 1734, and the Translation thereof, presented to the House the 18th of February 1734, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, of the Year 1737, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Surpluses stated at Lady-day 1736, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Surpluses stated at Michaelmas 1736, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1736 hath been dil-posed of, dilttnguished under the several Heads, until the 16th Day of February 1736, and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

.Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Kesolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House w ill please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The House being informed, that the Clerk of the Company of Stationers attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the Number of Books entered into the Registry of the Company of Stationers, pursuant to the Statute of the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Learning, by vesting the Copies of printed Books in the Authors or Purchasers of such Copies, during the Times therein mentioned; distin-guishing the Number of Books entered in each Year.

And then he withdrew*.

And the Title of the said Account w as read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Iloiifc was moved, That the lad Clause of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his pre-lent Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the infamous JEtraftice of Stockjobbing, might be read:

And the said Clause being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the infamous Practice of Stockjobbing: And that Sir John Rushout, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir John Barnard, and Mr. Secretary at War, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the further Regulating of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament* for Cities, Boroughs, Towns, and Ports, in that Part of Great Britain called England: And that

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Info!vent Relief of insolvent Debtors: And that Mr. Hay, Sir £>ebt0|’s. Nathanael Carzon, Mr. Holland, and Mr. Oglethorpe, do prepare, and bring in* the fame.

The House being informed, that the Warehouse-keeper Books de-of the Company of Stationers attended at the Door; stationer

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Hal!by House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the Public Li-Number of Copies of Books demanded of the Warehouse- braries. keeper of the Company of Stationers, by the Keepers of the several Libraries entitled thereto by virtue of the Statute of the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne; distinguishing the Number demanded in each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of several Merchants, whose Names were Relief of dif-thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, treffed Ma-trading to Leghorn, was presented to the House, and read; jenrsalLes’ letting forth, That it was usual for his Majesty’s Consul, °rn* with the Majority of British Merchants residing at Leghorn, to receive One Livreperson (which is about Nine Pence) on all Tonnage Goods; and One-third of a Livre per Bale or Parcel (which is about Three. Pence Sterling) on all Bale Goods imported in British Ships or Vessels; which Sums were applied to the Relief of shipwrecked Mariners, and other distressied Persons, and to several other charitable anil publick Uses; and that, although, the Benefit and Usefulness of this Design had been experienced, yet the Payment oi the said cufromary Sums hath, of late Years, been refilled by lbveral Persons trading to the said City, there being no Authority to enforce a Compliance therewith; by reason w hereof several of his Majesty ?s Subjects in Distress have been reduced to great Extremities, lor w ant of the Assistance which they otherwise would have received, had such Contribution been continued, or had there been a sufficient Power given for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for eftefting the Purposes aforesaid, or that such other Relief may be granted as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Wi/limott, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Thomas Sandeifon, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Archer, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bradjhazv,

Mr. O/baldeston, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Cojier, Mr. Longue-ville, Mr. Hay, Sir Francis Boynton, Dr. Lee, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Holde?iy Mr. Pitt, M\\ Sandys, Lord Limerickc,

Mr. Aiflabie, Lord Polivarth, Mr. Pigott, Mr. I7ere.

Sir Robert Brown, Mr. Stert, Sir Charles Wager, Mr.

Whitworth, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Medlycott, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Oglethorpe, Sir James Campbell, Mr. J.cheap, Sir James Grant, Mr. Holland,

Sir Francis Child, Mr. Thomas Archer, Mr. Thomas Gore,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. BrCretan, Air. lVinnington,

Mr. Kent, Lord John Murray, Mr. Alderman Perry,

Lord John Sackville, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Hume Campbell; and all the Merchants of the House; and all the Members who lerve for the Sea Port Towns: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, of w^biy 1 Privileges and Elections, touching the Election and Re- Elc.Uon.

13 turn

io Geo. II. 28° Februarii. — 20 765

turn for the Borough of ll'cobh, in the County of Here- and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re-Jord* be received upon Thursday Morning next. cords.

Cooaitttt Ordered* That the Committee of Privileges and Elcc-

ot Privilege*. tiolu adjoun^J.

And then die House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next, Mine of die Clock.

Mercurii* die Martii;

Anno 10* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1736. Prayer *.

Wordy \ IT.Tl I ION of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manu-Brook £~\ fartunrs. Traders, and Inhabitants. in the Town of at g*uon. Manchutt r* and Hurts adjacent, in the County Palatine ot iAincaster* whole Names are thereunto luhscribed, in behalf ol themfives and others, the tientlemen, Merchants, Manufacturer*, Traders, and Inhabitants, in the said Town of MunJryicr9 and Parts adjacent, was presented to tie House, and read: letting forth, I hut the I tuleitakers appointed by an Act of Parliament, passed in die Seventh Vcar of the Reign of his late Majiliv King (it orn*' the Full, intituled, An Act for making die Rivers Mu\y and Irani navigable from Ltrerpuol to Manchester* in the County Palatine of lAtncaJer, have, in purleuu e of the- fukl Act, und by virtue of the fevered Powers then by vtlinl in diem, completed the said Navigation in fuel, manner, as that the said River^ *)Jacy and ln< t It uic lor Boats, Bursts, Li^litfis. anil other

Va.il*. from I a wrpant to M'jmhrJUr afore la id; and tlmt the River or Brook raised // orjUy Fnn>k% wiiieh falls into tin* River Intel/* al>out Five Miles dilhmt from the Town of Manchjhr, In twcm that Town and the Town of l*evcrpool% h eapahh* of being made navijable from W or (icy J7/7//V, within the said Tounship of H’urfUy, in the said County of Lancafhr, to the said River Irzcclt, for Hunts, Barges, Lighters, and odier Vessels; and that in the said Towntliip of //'nr/fey* and diat Neighbour-hood, several gre at Coal-mine.^ are at present, and others may lx*, wrought; and the making the said River or Brook navigable will he a Means to furnish that trading Country with greater Plenty of Coal than can at present lie brought from the Lid Collieries at the ultial und ordinary Rutes, by union that die Road* are ohm very dif-licult to be pallet! with Carts, and other Wheel Carriages; and that the ft id River or Brook, l>eing made navigable, will be convenient for the Carnage of Coal, T imlxr, Stone, and other uletul Commodities, from the said Town-lliip and Neighbourhood of I Dor/ley* and will be ol great Benefit in dial trading Country; of Advantage to die Land-owners and Inhabitants in the said Town and Neighbourhood of WorJlcy\ w ill necessurily improve the Navigation upon the Rivers Mercy and Intel/* and he for the publick Good: And therefore praying, That the House will give Leave, that a Bill may be brought in for making the said River or Brook navigable from Worjley Milns, in the said Tounship of Worjley, to the said River Irxell.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Considerution of a Committee: And that they do examine die Matter thereof; and report die fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir strflinian Ilham, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Lejley, Mr. Fenwick, Sir Chr. Powell, Mr. Corbett* Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Lehcup, Mr. Cqfler, Mr. Compton, Mr. Plumptre* Sir Wm% Carexc, Sir James Grant, Mr. Longuevitle, Mr. Archer, Sir Charles Vernon* Air. I Vi Ikinfen. Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Sandy*, Mr. Montague, Mr. Neal, Mr. Bird* Lord Gage, Sir Francis Boynton, Sir Wilfred Laujon, Mr. MeiUicot; and all die Members who lerve for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, Derby, and York; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber;

Vol. 22.

Ordered, That the Lord Gage be added to the Gentle- Tnfolvpnt men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill Debtor*, for Relief of insolvent Debtors.

A Petition of the Tniftees, u hose Names are thereunto Qld luhscribed, appointed to put in Execution Two several Stratford Acts of Parliament, the one made in the Sixth Year of Roads, die Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford, in die County of Northampton to Dunvhurch, in the County of II aruick; and the other, made in the Eleventh Ytur of the lu ign of his late Majesty King George the First. intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term grunts! by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of her lute Majesty Quu n Anne, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford* in the Cot mty of Northampton to Dunchurch* in the Countv of Way xrick, nod lor making the same more efli ft uni; und of the Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants of the said Town of Old Strntjurd, Ibimjhr, and Dauntry, in the said County of Northampton, and the said Town of Dun-chin\h* whole Names are also thereunto luhscribed; was presentrd to the House, and read; letting forth, That, by the said 6rft-mentioned Act, severalTolls were granted for repairing the said Road, to continue in Force for Onc-und-tuciity Ye ars, which, by the said Act of die Eleventh Year ol his laid late Majesty\» Reign, were farther continued for Onc-and-tuenty Years, from the I nil Day of May 17in; and that the Roud, by the said Act directed to be amended, being above Twenty computed Miles in Length, and proper Materials for repairing the same lying at a great Distance from the greateli Part of the luitl Road, many Parts thereof are ft ill very bad, and dangerous to Passengers, although the Money col left eel, and Two thou land Two hundred Pounds, which has been borrowed by virtue of the said Act, has been duly applied according to the Directions thereof; and also, w ithin One Year Ldt palt, there has been a considerable Sum of Money expended in Inch Repairs, over and above the Produce of the said Tolls; notwithstanding which, the said Roads are not effectually amended, and the said Tolls are not sufficient to repair the same; neither can the said Debt be reduced, unless the Toll, and the said Term, are enlarged; and that the great Number of Waggons and Curt* travelling the said Roads, with great and heavy Loads of Goods, contribute very much to the Ruin thereof; and each W aggon paying only Two Shillings, in the Whole, for travelling Two-and twenty Miles along the said Roads, and passing through Three Toll-gates, and each Cart only One Shilling in the W hole, such Toll is esteemed too linall for the Damage done, it being computed that each W aggon does above Five Shillings Damage, and each Cart above Two Shillings and Sixpence:

And therefore, to the end the said Highways may, with all convenient Speed, be effectually amended, and hereafter kept in good Repair, lb that all Persons may travel through the same with Safety, praying, That the House will give Leave to bring in a Bill for inlarging the Term granted by the said Acts of Parliament, as aforesaid, for such Time as shall be thought proper, and for making the said Acts more effectual.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it Audi appeal* to them, to the IJoul’e:

And it is referred to Sir Jujlinian Isham, Mr. Whit-worth, Mr. Turner, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Mr. Drum' mond. Sir Geo. Cajwall, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. 1 ere*

Air. Croffc, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Holland, Mr. Hunger ford. Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Frankland* Air- Lcve/bn Gower, Mr. OJbaldiflon, Sir Miles Stapylton, Colonel St exoart* Air. Le-heup, Sir Harry Lydcll, Ai v.Ord, Sir. Bird, Mr. Hamilton,

Siir Wm. Carexc, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Treby,

Mr. Lo7)gueville, Mr. Fane, Mr. Compton, Mr. Alder-g X man

c.

*]66 1° Martii. A, 173

man Perry, Mr. Rateney, Sir Cor del Fi rebrace, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Sarnlys, Sir Jo//;/ *S/. Aubin, Lord Cornbury, Sir // w. Wentworth, Mr. HorJ'monden Turner, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Cartwright, Sir James Grant, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr. Yates, Mr. Archer, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Hilton, Sir James Campbell, Sir Geo. Beaumont; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Northampton, Warwick, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Wear A Petition of the Commissioners of the River Wear,

Navigation. ant| port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, by an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, certain Powers were granted to the Commissioners thereby appointed, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years; and certain Duties were also imposed, payable from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Seventeen, and for the space of Twenty-one Years then next following; and that, by an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, divers additional Powers were granted to the said Commissioners; but that the said Acts, and the Duties and Powers thereby granted, being near expiring, the said River, Port and Haven, cannot be effectually cleansed and preserved, according to the Intent of the said Acts, unless the said Powers and Duties be further continued; nor can the Duties, Penalties, and Forfeitures, payable by virtue of the said Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, be efte&ually levied, if the said Commissioners are not authorized to direct their Warrants for levying the fame, otherwise than to the Constable of the Place where the Offence shall be committed, who is the only Person particularly appointed by the said Act for the Execution of such Warrants: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Powers by the said several Acts granted, and the Duties by the said first-mentioned Act imposed, and for the better ascertaining the same for such farther Term, and with such Alterations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Oon-sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Hilton, Mr. Shaftoe, Mr. Sheppard, Sir Wilfred Lawson, Sir Wm. Middleton, Mr. Ojbaldifton, Colonel Lyddell, Mr. Hucks, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Lcvifon Gotcer, Sir Thomas Sander-Jon, Mr. Crosse, Sir Harry Lyddell, Mr. Plumptrc, Mr. Gregory, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Blackett, Sir Geo. Oxen-den, Mr. Burchett, Mr. Turner, Colonel Lumley, Mr. Wilkhifon, Mr. Jcrufon, Sir John St, Aubin, Mr. Compton, Mr. Cojler, Mr. Lockwood\ Mr. Nad, Mr. Bird, Mr. Archer, Mr. Sarnlys, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Sir Francis Child, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir James Grant, Mr. Lcheup, Sir Miles Stupylton, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Jujlhiian lsham, Mr. Rajhleigh, Mr. Boon, Mr. Bromley, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Edmund Bacon; and all the Members w’ho lerve for the Counties of Durham, Northumberland, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Rarafgate A Petition of the Merchants, Owners, and Masters of

Harbour. Ships, in London, w hole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Ships bound to the Westward are frequently detained by contrary Winds a long time in the Dawnst which is an

open Road, where they are exposed to great Danger of Enemies in Timtf of War, and of being thipw recked in stormy Weather; by which many Ships have been there loft, as also the Lives of many of his Majesty"s Sub-je6ts; and that the Navigation'of the Kingdom u'ould be rendered much more secure than it now is, if a lafe Harbour were made on the Coast of Kent, between the North and South Forelands, capable of receiving Ships of Burden, whereby the Lives of great Numbers of Seamen would be preserved; and that the Petitioners apprehend the old Harbour of Ramsgate, now much decayed, may be made a commodious Place for many Ships of Burden to lie lately in, at a time wliilft they arc waiting for a fair Wind to proceed down the Channel; but that the Expence of such a Work will be very considerable, and too great to be undertaken without the Aid of Parlia-' ment: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inlarging and maintaining the said

o ip # o p

Harbour; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House Ilia 11 leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the C011-lideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Gyb-bon, Mr. Alderman Willimot, Sir Geo. Owen den, Mr. Burchett, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Plumptrc, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Bijfe, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Lcheup, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Glanville, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Thompjlm of York, Mr, Hay, Mr. Mcnfm, Mr. Turner, Mr. Cupar,

Admiral Stewart, Lord Baltimore, Lord / 'ere Beaucierky Mr. Crosse, Mr. Archer, Sir Jqf Paining ten. Sir Franci*

Boynton, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Bevan, SivGco, Beaumont,

Lord John Sackville, Mr. Winningtcn, Mr. Wilkin fan,

Sir Francis Child, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Compton,

Mr. Bramston, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Gore, Mr. Ashlty, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Hales, Sir Charles Vernon,

Sir James Grant; and all the Members w ho serve for the County of Kent, and for the Cinque Ports; and all the Merchants of the House, and all the Members w ho lerve for the Sea Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records:

And all that come are to have Voices.

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, Common Council, Ramsgate. and Inhabitants, of the Town and Port of Sandwich, in Harbour. Kent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That divers Ships, and lbme of very considerable Value, have been, and frequently are, forced on Shore from the Downs between Sandwich and the South Foreland, and others driven from their Anchors on the Goodwin Sands, where they have perillied with their Cargoes, to the great Damage not only of the Merchants and Owners, but the Loss also of the publick Revenue, as well as the Lives of the Men; and that, fmee the Shipping of this Kingdom, not only outward, but homeward-bound, do almost conitantiy resort to the Dawns, and remain there till a favourable Wind presents to carry them from thence, during which time they are exposed to the greatest Hazards, in tempestuous Weather, for want of lbme Place of Safety where to they can retreat; the Petitioners are of Opinion, upon considering a Survey which hath been lately carefully taken, a commodious Harbour or Bason may be made between Sandwich and Deal, capable of receiving a considerable Number of the largest Merchant Ships, and others, when they may be in Danger of being forced from their Anchors in die Downs by violent Gales of Wind, and also some of the cruising Ships of the Royal Navy, from Twenty to Fifty Guns, as there may be Occasion; which will greatly tend to the* preventing those great Calamities for the future: And therefore praying the House to take the same into their Consideration, and do therein as to the House shall feerh meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to wiioip the Petition of.

3 '

Wolverhampton

Roads.

Dm

Xfcvigarion.

io Geo. II.

2° Mar

767

the Merchant*, Owner* and Mnfters of Ships, in I Ant don, whole Niinw 1 rv tV retail ll. Limbed. b referred: And that iliev do examine the Miitt'i* thereof; tind re|x>rt the lame, with their Opinion tliCTCujxm, to the House.

A Petition of the < »*nf.cmcn, Freeholders Tradrlincn, and other Inhabitant*, o! Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, and Pu c. adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; It tting foitli, That the Manufactures of the Towns of HWnrhmupton and Wulfitll conlift chiefly of Iron Warts, Fla\, Hemp, and other Goods which are carried by hind to London, Chester, Bcu'dUu, Manehctier, and other Parts of the Kingdom, lor Sale anti K\j natation; and that, by reason of the many heavy Cairiii'gi* passing along the said Roads, from the Knd of «i same or Hoad adjoining to a Common called Sutton (ohfield, or Barrheuemi Common, in the Piuiih of AG di 'ich, in tire Counts o\ Stafford, through the same Lane or Hoad, near to a 1 arm in the Possession of Walter Day, commonly called The Mott House; ami from thence, through a Dine called Wowl-end-lanc, to anti through the Tow 11 of Unfit)!*; and from the Town of Wulfnll to ami through the Town of H dlctdudl uud // olvcrhampton; and from a Place called Gibbet-lane, in the eommon Hoad lending from lit hi at. in the County of Stafford, to and through the l oss n of ITolvt rhawpton aforesaitl; and from thence to the Knd of the County of Stafford, in the fcvc-ral Hoads leading to Brid^tmrfh, Sht fluid, and Seaport, n the County of A//./>; and ullb horn tie Tow n ot Stafford, to and through the same 'l oan of I! Lt rba/rp/on, and lb to a Place called Siren Star*, in tie* Parish of Kinafu inf n'd, in the said County of -V *,. id. in tb* Hoad to Won't dvr; and nlfo Iro.n the Market place in ITolwr-htnnpftthrough the said Toun ol HtUirhanr^n, to ami through the Toun of S dj 'ey, to Quito's ( V /v, at the Knd of tin* 'loss 11 ot Du.it> t/. in the County of ITorn fit r; uie become vnv ruinous and dangi mu* for Traveller?; and that the Price* of Carnage, hv realm tin rvuf, is much udvanced, to the great Dilcoiragcment of the Trader? and the Inhabitant’ol the said I owns and Vill* ad|.u-ent, and Tins Hers in emend, in regard the Hoads, hv t ic ordinary Course appointed hv the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, am not be repaired: And therefore praying, i hat Ixuvc may Ik* given to bring in o Hill to im|>ow< r Trustees to crest Turnpike or Turnpikes upon tin* llveral Road*: jmd to appoint such

Person or P« ilhns as they ih.i.'l think lit, to co!lc*5t a Toll on fbmc Part or Parts o* l c laid several Ho lds, as mav l>c most convenient, to the end the iilid RoatL may be edict null v mended, and kept in good Uepair.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the C011-sideration of u Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the Ilo di*:

And it is referred to Mr. Lreefui Gcneer, Sir Chr. PourII, Mr. Plutner, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Gore, l)r. Z*r, Sir II rm. ITcntuvrth, Mr. Lchcup, Sir Jof. Pennington, Sir U rn. Ilcathcote, Colonel Lydd.il, Sir. Crosse, Sir Francis Child, Sir James Grant, Mr. JIrani* by, Mr. Croule, Sir Urn. Carezc, Sir Hen. North cote,

Sir Aides Stapylton, Mt. Plumptre, Mr. ShuttInearth,

Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Par suns, Sir Era fin us Philips, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Watts, Sir James Campbell, Mr. inifcinfon, Mr. ITm. Plainer, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Satiety*, Mr. Dckieood, ATr. Fox, Sir Justinian If ham, Mr. Compton, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Gregory, Lord Gage, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Wat. IT ms. ITynne, Mr. Femcidi; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Stafford, Chester, Warwick, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber;

by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty King (Icorgc, int,r k*d. An Act ler making the River Dun, in the Welt Hiding of the C ounty oflot /\ navigable from Holme tide, in Doneojhr, up to te<* utmost 1 At*nt of Tinfhy V. eltward, a Township v. Itii-iuTwo Miles oi Shef/icid; a id by ore «tiier Act, passed in the '1‘hirteeiuii A ear ef hi* laid late Aiaji liv, intiluled, An Act for improving the Navigation of the Hiver J)un, from a Pluce called I/iJnuilne, in the Town of Donvafter^ in the County of York, to Wiljick-house, in the Par.lli of Hamby Dun, in the said County; as also by one other Act, passed in the Sixth Year of his present MajTiy, intituled, An Act to explain and amend Two Acts ol Parliament, one made in the Twelfth, and the other in the Thirteenth War of hi* late Majesty’s Reign, for making navigable the Hiver Dun, in the County of J ora, and for the bet I' r perish ing and maiiiUtir.ing the said N avigation. and for uniting the li.vcrul Proprietors thereof into One Company; the Petitioners arc impowered to make the said Hiver Dun navigable, in such manner is tlicreinexprela d; and that the Petitioners h ive proceeded to put in Kxeeution the Power- given them by the said Acn; and, in doing the fame, have already expended upwards of Twcutv ihoulaiul Pounds; and that in the said River, below ITU tick-house, there uiv fewral SIihI-lows, wl.ii h, for want of a Power in the Petitioneis \j improve tla Navigation of the said Hiver from Wd 'ct-/r me to S.!:c-house Ferry, make the Navigation el the said Hiver lo imperfect, that in Neap-tide*, or dry Sr t-loii.*, \*elir!s cannot pal* the lame; and ti nt the L.iJ Hiver Dun palles down the new River commonly called the Dau b. Pr.er, into the Hiver Ou:e; over which fuel new liivi r th;:e are now standing liiive Wood liridges, one ca'led Af:.’ Fridge, another Hocliffe Bridge, and the t.:i:d Gt ol B id-e; which luid new ltiver i.* of late Wins worn lb very deep, that the Spring Tide flows 1 ilteen Fuot hig i in t.;*' lame; by the Rapidity whereof the Railages of the said Hri'lge* are become so very tlaiigerous, that ti*e Mariners are often forced to lie by till a calm Water* happen*, elpeeially at Bociiff'e Ihidge, which is of little l ie to trie Country, and occasions a considerable Lois of i ime. to the great Dilcounigemciit of Trade, as well as the Increase of Freight up and down the said River: And therefore praviieg, That a Hill may be brought in to improve the Navigafon of the River Dun from U ilfick-houj'e to Sikc-house Ferry: also to remove and take away liocliffe Hridge; and to make the* other Two Hrftges, over which the Hoads lie, so convenient, that all VefleW trading upon the Ibid.River mav, without Difficulty or Hazard, pula the liune, botii for the Safely of the Mariners Lives and VclfeL, and the Security of all Water-borne (iootR ami Merchandizes; with such further Powers for perfcAing the said Navigation, and in such manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Motion !>cing made, and the Question being put, That the said Pe-iition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report die lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

1 he I Ionic divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Sir A files Stapylton, 7

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes

\ Mr. Ntrwlund: 5

f Sir John Lijler Kaye, 7 Q ’ I Air. Thompfbn of York: j 13^ So it w as rclblved in the Affirmative.

And it is referred to Air. Gregory, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. 11 anbury IVUliams, Mr. Sandys, Sir Francis Boynton, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Holland, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Longuexille, Mr. Tozenjhend, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Henry Bromley, Sir Francis Child, Sir Wilf red Law*

and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and He- Jen, Mr. Worthy, Lord Sidney Beauderk, Dr. Lee, Mr. cords. Earle, Captain Evans, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Robert Alon*

roe, Mr. Compton, Mr. Thompson of York, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Bramjion, Mr. Ccejiir, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Gore, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Hume Campbell, LovdPohcarth, Mr. Tho*

mas

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Dun, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read: letting forth, That V01. -22.

768 T Martii. A. 1736.

was Gore, Mr. Lcchvocd, ]\fr. Aijhbie, Sir. Far, Mr. Archer, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. JVort-Tey, Mr. Rvzvncy, Sir Fdnutnd Bacon, Mr. Adcrtnan Perry, Sir. Alderman Par fans, Mr. AJkby, Mr. IVm. Corbett, Mr. Planter, Sir James Grant, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir. Crc/Je, Sir «/a/w Ru/hcut, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Sheppard, Mr*Yates, Sir. Fitz Roy, Sir Era fin us Philips, Sir. &/></, Sir. AW, Sir Wm. Wentzcorth, Sir IVm. Lowther Mr. Cosier, Sir Charles Turner, Colonel Onjhw, Sir. Cor me all, Mr. liny, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Walker, Lord AW Somerset, Sir. Packer, Sir. Razvlin-Jem Earle, Lord Vere Beau clerk, Mr. Digby, Sir J0//M Aoy, Mr. Newland, Sir. Ere/kinc, Sir IVm. Wyndham, Sir. Evtrsfield, Sir. Waller, Sir Jof Eyles, Mr. Bozvles, Sir Harry Lyddel, Lord Jc;/?/* Sackville, Lord Cornbury, Sir Thomas Sander/on; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Fork, Nottingham, Lincoln, Derby, Durham, and Northumberland; and all the Merchants of the 11’ouse: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Norfolk Ordered, That the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Free-

Ekdion. holders, of the County of Norjolk, who petitioned this House in behalf of themselves, and of a great Number more of the Freeholders of the said County, complaining of an undue Flection and Return for the said County, be at Liberty 10 withdraw their Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the House, made, upon Wednesday the Second Day of February lait, for hearing Tomorrow, at the Par of this House, the Matter of the said Petition, be discharged.

E?V/rtry Petition of the Right honourable George Fitzroy e ion% Esquire, commonly called Earl of Ettfton, was presented to the House, and l ead; letting forth, That on Tuesday the Fifteenth of February lait, came on the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the City of Coventry, in the room of Sir Adolphus Oughton Knight and Baronet, deceased: That the Petitioner, and John Neale Esquire, stood Candidates: That the said Sir. Neale, and mgny of . the Officers of the Corporation of Coventry, in his Interest, being sensible of the Petitioner's having a Majority of legal Voters (notwithstanding many partial and undue Proceedings of the Mayor and Council of the said Corpora: ion, with regard to the (wearing and inrolling the Freemen, previous to the said Election), and that there was no Way to prevent the Petitioners being duly elected, but by hindering the Freemen in his Interest from polling, did, with this View, employ several Agents to bring from different Parts of the Country great Numbers of Colliers, and others, who had no Pretence of voting, to surround the Place of polling, and to prevent any Freeman in the Interest of the Petitioner from giving his Vote: That the said Colliers, and others, by the Direction and Encouragement of the said John Neale, or his Agents, and of the Officers of the said Corporation, and their Agents, in a most riotous manner, drove from the Place of polling all the Freemen suspected to be in the Petitioner's Interest, and beat and wounded several of them, to the endangering of their Lives; which Riot proceeded to Inch a Height, that the Petitioner apprehended he and his Fronds, if they ft aid any longer at the Polling Booth, would be in imminent Danger of their Lives; and therefore the Petitioner, with all his Agents and Friends, left the Polling Booth, declaring he could not continue there, or proceed any further in the Poll, and loon afterwards lelt the Town: That, had it not been for these riotous and tumultuous Proceedings, the Petitioner would have had a clear and unquestionable Majority of legal Voters: That many other undue, illegal, corrupt, partial, unwarrantable, and indirect Practices, were mafic life of by the Officers of the Corporation of Coventry, and their Agents and Servants, and likewise by the Returning Officer, and by the Agents and Servants of

the said John Neale, in order to procure the said John Neale to bci elected and resumed a Member for the said City; and by means whereof the said John Neale procured himself to he returned a Representative for the said City, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in Violation of that Freedom which ought to be preservd at Elections for Members to serve in Parliament: And therefore praying, That the House will be plealed to take the Premises into Consideration, and give the Petitioner such Relief therein, as in their great Wisdom and Justice Hi all be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 2 2d Day of this initant March.

A Petition of the honourable Fulzvar Craven Esquire, Coventry was also presented to the House, and read; letting Ele&ioa. forth, That, at the lait Election of a Citizen to serve in tills present Parliament for the City of Coventry, in the room of Sir Adolphus Oughton Baronet, deceased, the honourable George Fitzroy Esquire, commonly called Lord Eu/ion, Joint Neale Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates: That before, and at, the said Election, many indirect and unwarrantable P rad ires were made use of by, and in favour of, the said Lord Euftun and Mr. Neale, in order to procure them, or one of them, to be elected and returned to serve for the said City; notwithstanding which, the Petitioner was duly elected to represent the said City in Parliament, in the room of the said Sir Adolphus Oughton, and therefore ought to have been returned accordingly: And praying' the House to take the Petitioner’s same into Cotilidt ration, and give him such Relief as shall be just.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, at the same time the Matter of the Petition of the Right honourable George Fitzroy Esquire, commonly called Earl of Eufion, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City of Coventry, is appointed to be heard.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Petition of John Neale Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City of Coventry, which was referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections upon Monday the Fourteenth Day of February last, be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon Wednesday the Twenty-third Day of this initant March.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections, be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the House, made upon Wednesday the Second Day of February lait, for hearing, ElcSlon-upon the Eighth Day of this instant March, at the Bar of this House, the Matter of the Petition of Sir John Glynn Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Flint, in the County of Flint, be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday the Twenty-fourth Day of this initant March.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from Supply*, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty; the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Refulved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy-nine thou fund Seven hundred and Twenty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the \ ear

1737* ,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred and Four Pounds

Nineteen

io Geo. II. 20 — 30 Martii, 769

Nineteen Shillings nod Two Pence, be granted to his possible, for the Petitioners to execute the Trusts re-

Majesty, for defraying thv extraordinary Expence of posed in them, or to make any Contracts either for the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, not provided repairing County Bridges or Gaols, or to support the

for by Parliament. continual Charge of patting Vagrants, in regard the

He/olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Performance of those Contracts must depend on the That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-two thousand Four Validity of the Rates, and the due Levying of them: hundred and One Pounds Three Shillings and Six All which the Petitioners think themselves in Duty Pence Farthing, be granted to his Majesty, to make bound, on behalf of this County, humbly to fepresent, good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service and fubtnit to the Consideration of the House. of the Year 1736. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Table.

That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand and Forty-

three Pounds Three Shillings and Ten Pence Farthing, Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iflbe his Warrant to Norfolk

be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for "rit* Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties Parliament for the County of Norfolk, in the room of at CUrifimas 173*;, purftiaut to a Clatife in an Act of William Wodehonje, Esq'itre, deceased.

Parliament, potted in the Fourth Year of his Majestys

Reign, for raising One nvltion Two hundred thousand The Lord Comhuni presented to the House, accord- Copy-nght Pounds, by Annuities and a Lottery, lor the Service ing to Order, a Rill for the better Encouragement of 9 of the Year 1731. 1-earning, by the more effectual fecunng the Copies of

Rejbhcdt That it is the Opinion of this Committee, printed Books to the Authors or Purchasers of fudh That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-two thousand One Copies, during the Times therein to be mentioned; hundred Eighty-seven Pounds and Ten Shilling, be and to repeal an passed in the Eighth Year of granted to his Majesty, on account of the Sibfidy the Heign of her late Majesty Queen Amiey intituled, payable to the King of 1) pursuant to the An Act for the Encouragement, of Learning, by vest-

Treaty bearing Date the Xiiu»t«< nth Duv of Sentein- in<j the Copits of printed Books in the Authors or ber *734» for Three Quarters of a Year, to the Nine- Purchasers of such Copies during the Times therein teenth Day of September 1^37. mentioned; and for the better lee oring the Payment

The said Resolutions, being fevem’ly reatl a Second of the Drawback of the Duties for Paper nfed in printtime, were, upon the Question few rally put tiicre- ing Bo-ks 111 the Latin, G reek. Oriental* and Northern upon, agreed to by the House. lamming'*, within the Two l‘ni verities of Oxford

and Cumb’idge: And the same was received; and And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow r«a I »rli time.

Morning, Nine of the Cloc k. A /' *W, That the Bill be read a Second time.

__________Ordered, That the Bill be printed.

Jovis, 30 Mar tii;

Anno io* Georgii II" Regis, 1736.

Pkateks.

n*btar« a PETITION of the Prisoners confiu^d for Debt el*lio,* 1 V in his Majesty *s Gaol at Ftxtwell, in the County of York, and in and for the Honour of Pontefract; and also,

A P tit ion of the poor Debtors confined now in the City Gnol of York, in behalf or themselves, and many Thousands in the different Gaols of this Kingdom;

Were fevemlly presented to the Houre, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace fop l*)e County of Middlesex, in their General Sessions assembled, was presented to the House, and read; ferting forth, That the Petitioners have used their utmost Endeavours to cause the Statutes made and provided for the Repair of County Bridges, Parting of Vagrants, and Repairing of Gaols, to be duly put in Execution; and, in order thereunto, the Petitioners have caused several Rates to be made for the Purposes aforesaid, which have been made in the usual Form practised for many Years last past in this and other Counties; and, particularly, a Rate was lately made for Repairing of Brentford Bridge, which was then greatly decayed, and in Danger of becoming impassable in a very short time, and was so presented to be by the Grand Inquest of the County; and that several of these Rates have been lately removed by Certiorari, and Two of them quashed, and Actions have been brought against the Officers for collecting One of the said Rates, whilst such Rate was in Force; and others of the said Rates, particularly the said Rate for Repairing of JBrentford Bridge, are now removed by Certiorari\ and are liable to be quashed, considering the great Niceties and Forms requisite in such Cases, although the Petitioners have, by themselves and Counsel, used their utmost Care and Caution therein; whereby it is become extremely difficult, if not? im-Vol.

Mr. Earle, according to Order, reported from the Weobley Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, £ie^loft* ns it appeared to them, touching the El-ftion and Return for the Borough of Weobien/> in the Gotnfty of Hereford, and the Resoluiions of the Committee thereupon; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; where the same was read: And the Report, and Resolutions of the Committee, are as follow; viz.

LTpon the Petition of James Cornewall Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of John Birch Serjeant at Law, deceased, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weobley, in the County of Hereford;

The Committee have examined the Merits of this Election:

The Counsel for the Petitioner alleged. That Weobley is an ancient Borough by Prescription: That the Two Constables are the Returning Officers; and that the Right of Election is in the Inhabitants of the ancient Vote-houses of 20J. per Annum Value, or more, residing in the Borough Forty Days before the Election, and paying Scotland Lot; and also in the Owners of ancient Vote-houses not inhabited, such Owners paying Scotland Lot.

The Counsel, w ho appeared to support the Election and Return of Mr. Serjeant Birch, deceased, alleged,

That the Right of Election is in the Inhabitants of Houses of 20s. per Annum Value, or more, paying Scotland Lot.

To prove the Right of Election to be as alleged by the Petitioner's Counsel, the following Witnesse#

W'ere examined; viz.

John Newcomb, Mr. Charles Lloyd* and James Williams: Who spoke to Twenty-nine and Thirty-two Years; and said, That the Right of Election was always understood to be in the Inhabitants of ancient Houses of 20s. per Annum Value, or more, residing within the Borough Forty Days before the Election, and paying Scotland Lot; and also in the Owners of aucient Vote-houses, paying Scotland Lot:

That if the Owners of Vote-houses are resident at any time, even the Night, before the Election, such Jftefidenoa ie> ftaficient to entitle them to vote: That 91Z all

77° 3° Mart173^.

obley {Ji Persons claiming to vote, whether4 Owners or Inhabi-iUeftton. tantSj must pay Scotland Lot.

And Mr. Lloyd and Mr* Williams added farther. That this Right is confined to the Owners or Inhabitants of such Houses only as are ancient Vote-houses, or Houses built upon ancient Foundations; there being other Houses, within the Borough, of much greater annual Value, the Owners and Inhabitants whereof are excluded from voting, as not being Owners or Inhabitants of ancient Houses.

And Mr. Lloyd iaid, That this had been the constant Usage, and was never disputed, or so much as questioned, during the Time which he had known the Borough.

The Counsel on the other Side producing no Evidence to support what they alleged to be the Right of Election;

The Committee came to the following Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right Of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Weobley, in the County of Hereford, is in the Inhabitants of the ancient Vote-honfes of 20s. per Annum Value, and upwards, residing in the said Houses Forty Days before the Day of Election, and paying Scotland Lot; and also in the Owners of such ancient Vote-houses paying Scotland Lot, who shall be resident in such Houses at the Time of the Election.

That the Numbers on the Poll were.

For Sir John Buckworth Baronet - - 9°

For Serjeant Birch - - - - 55

For the Petitioner - - - 37

That no Objection was made to the Election or Return of Sir John Buckworth.

But the Petitioner’s Counsel alleged, That the Majority in favour of Mr. Serjeant Birch was obtained by Bribery.

And Mr. Lloyd, being again examined, said. That 14 Persons, whom he named, and who voted for Mr. Serjeant Birch, came in a Body to him, and told him, That they had rather vote for the Petitioner than Mr. Bivfh, if they might have a Gratuity for so doing; and that, if the Examinant would but give them a Promise of a Gratuity, the Petitioner should have their Votes; but he refusing it, they replied, They would go to Mr. Birch's House: That accordingly they went; and, upon their Return from thence, said, Mr. Birch had satisfied them, and therefore should have their Votes.

The Counsel for the Petitioner offering to proceed ip their Evidence;

The Counsel on the other Side acquainted the Committee, That the Right of Election being determined as dated by the Petitioner’s Counsel; and, as the Pc*

titioner’s Evidence Jiad and would affe6fc many of the late Sitting Members Votes, they, to prevent giving the Committee any further Trouble, did admit, that the Petitioner had a Majority.

Upon which the Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That John Birch, Serjeant at Law, deceased, was not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weobley, in the County of Hereford.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That James CornewallXiLqn'ne'is dulyeledted a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Weoblei/.

The Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.:

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Weobley, in the County of Hereford, by rafing out the Name 0$ John . Birch,

Serjeant at Law, and inserting the Name of James CornewalL Esquire, instead thereof.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, PumThing and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Mutiny and Quarters, was read the Third time. Desertion.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill;

Press 1. L. 8. To leave out the Words u and others " raised

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr Secretary at War do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by his Army Majesty’s Command, An Account of extraordinary Extras. Services and Expences incurred Anno 1736, not provided for by Parliament.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows: viz.

c

to

D.

cg‘

i — h

n'

CD

Cl

cr

o

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Services and Expences incurred Anno 1736, not provided for by Parliament,

By an Account delivered to the House of Commons last Session of Parliament, as follows; viz

An Account of the extraordinary Expence of supernumerary Men in the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, and Eight Marching Regiments of Foot, reduced Anno 1736, but not provided for by Parliament, beyond the 24th of December 1735; and also of the Charge occasioned by reducing and fending back Eight Regiments of Foot to the Kingdom of Ireland; viz.

For the Subsistence of 1,520 private Men reduced in the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, and Eight Marching Regiments of Foot, from the 25th of December 1735 to the respective Days of Reduction, both incP - ....

Bounty-money paid the said Men at the Time of Reduction

the’

Allowance for their Swords, being 3j. per Man Deficient OfT-reckonings of the said reduced Men, from the 25th of December 1735 to the respective Times to which their Offreckonings are assigned

621 15 —

228 — —

Total for English Regiments

For the full Pay of Eight Regiments of Foot sent back to Ireland, according to the old Numbers, on the English Establishment, from the 25th December 1735 to the respective Days of Reduction, incP, at £.41. 13. 10. per Diem each - -

Full Pay of the said Eight Regiments, according to Irish Numbers, upon English Pay, from the respective Days of Reduction in England to the respective Days of their Landing in Ireland, exclusive, at £.27. 5. 6. per Diem each....

Bounty-money allowed the said Regiments at the Time of Reduction -

Allowance to the disbanded Men, for their Swords, at 3s. per Man; to 3,120 Men -

Deficient Offreckonings of reduced Non-commissioned Officers and private Men, from the respective Days of Reduction to the 24th of June 1736, being the Time to which their Offreckonings arc assigned ——

Total for Irish Regiments....

To make good a Con trad for erecting and building in Gibraltar new Storehouses, to contain the Victualling for the said Garrison

Total of the said Account delivered last Year -

Payments actually made to the Contrador for victualling the Garrison of Gibraltar, from the 4th of February 173J, the Commencement of his Contract, to the 20th of June 1736, incP

£ s d.

The Payments from 21st June 1736 to 2d January following incP, being Seven Months of 28 Days per Month, estimated at - 17,601 1 6

Insurance, Anno 1736, about r - - - . - - - 491 15 6

Extraordinary Magazines, and necessary Repairs, estimated at----- - - -- 300-

Total of aduat and estimated Payments ——

The Supplies voted by Parliament for victualling of the Garrison of Gibraltar, and applicable to satisfy the Demands of the present Contrador for that Service, to the 24th December 1736, amounts to ——

Remains to be provided for by Parliament -

To complete a Contract for ereditig and building in Gibraltar new Storehouses, to contain the Victualling of the said Garrison - -

To make good the Difference of Pay between the English and Irish EllabliOunent, for Lord Rothes's Regiment of Foot upon the Establishment of Ireland, but now serving at Gibraltar, for 366 Days, from the 25th December 1735 to 24th December 1736 ——

To make good the like Sum paid Mr. John Gilman, Contrador, for furnishing and flip plying the Forces in the Island of Minorca with salt Beef, over and above the 6d. per Man per Week stopt from the Pay of the Regiments there, pursuant to Contract and Warrant between the 15th February 1735-and 14th February 1736 ——

To make good the like Sum paid Mr. William Caulfield, for surveying, and keeping in Repair, the new Roads through the Highlandt, Amo 1735 - -

To satisfy his Majesty’s Warrant, dated the 18th March 173$. payable to Lieutenant General George Wade, upon Account, for building a Stone Bridge over the River Spayen, near Fort William.....<....

Whitehall, 3d Day of March 173-}.

Will. Yongti

»5»55° 19 >o

6,100 18

1,281-----.

468-----

2>993 4 9

84»923 i-6 11J

18,392 17 —

103,316 13 uj 95.407 *4 3

£ d.

1,190 18 7-f

*49 >5 — 2-45* 9 — r

4.593 a

26.394 7

30,9*7 5 3

12,000 -

42>987 5 3

7>9o8 19 8± 2.372 8 —

878 8 —

866 13 4

400 —

1,000 - — —

56.4>3 14 3l

0 0 * 1

0; - —

00 -'t 1

to Geo. II. 3" Mat Hi.

Hertford, kc. Roads.

Importation of Iron from America,

772 30 Martii. ^.173

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Persons, living in, near, and frequently travelling through, the Roads leading from Hertford Bridge, through Basing/ioke and Sutton, to the Borough of Stockbridgi?, and from Hertford Bridge to Odiham, in the County of Southampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Th|it the said Roads are, by reason of many heavy Carriages confiantly passing through the fame, become so very bad and ruinous, that Passengers cannot, in the Winter-season, pass and repass the fame, without imminent Danger; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, by the Inhabitants of the fevered Parishes through which they lead, unfefs same other Provision be made for that Purpose: And praying the House to give Leave to bring in a Bill for. repairing the Roads aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration ot a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Life, Lord Harry Powlctt, Lord James Cavendish, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Harley, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Wollajion, Mr. D uncomb, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Robin fan. Colonel Duckett, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Hum. Hozvarlh, Mr. Owen, Mr. For, Lord Gage, M^. Kinafton, Mr. Medli-cott, Mr. Henry Fox\ Mr. Alderman Heath cote, Mr. Wyndham, Sir . James Campbell, Sir John Cope, Mr. Hay, Mr. Compton, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Clavering, Mr. Cosier, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John St. Aubin, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Wm. Heathcole, Sir James Grant, Sir Jo. Penington, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Knight, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Yates, Lord Sidney Beaiiclerk ', and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Dorset, Wilts, Somerset, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fiye of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Merchants and Ironmongers of this Kingdom, in behalf of themselves, and many others trading to his Majesty’s Plantations in America, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are Premiums settled by Acts of Parliament, upon the Importation of Tar, Pitch, Turpentine, Hemp, Mails, Yards, and Bowsprits, but not any Encouragement upon the Importation of Iron into this Kingdom, from our American Colonies, where k is capable of being produced, in every respect, equal in Goodness to, the best Iron from Sweden, from which, and other foreign Countries, are annually imported into Great Britain upwards of Twenty thousand Tons, the greatest Part of which is paid for in ready Money; and that the Inhabitants of the British Colonies having already erected several Furnaces and Forges for the making of Bar Iron, Great Britain may, in a Course of Years, be supplied, and rendered independent of any foreign Country, for a Commodity so essential to the Support of our Navigation; but that it is to be feared, if some Encouragement be not given for the Importation of it into Great Britain, that they will be induced to work up the said Iron themselves; to the great Decay and Prejudice of the Iron Trade in this Kingdom, which at this time employs more People, especially of the poor laborious Sort, than any other Trade, that of the Woollen Manufacture only excepted: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give such Encouragement for the Importation of Bar Iron, Pigs, and Sows, from America, and to lay such a Restraint on their Manufacturing, as to the House shall seem reasonable.

And the Question being proposed, that the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee;

And a Debate arising in the House thereuDon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned until this Day Seven night.

Ordered, That the Lord Sundon have Leave to make Westminster a Motion, it being after Two of the Clock. n

And he moved accordingly: And presented to the House,

A Petition of the Commissioners appointed by an ‘ Act, of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act; for building a Bridge crois the River Thames, from the New Palace-yard, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry \ which was read; setting forth, That they have had frequeut Meetings for putting in Execution the Powers given them by the said Act; and have appointed proper Officers to attend them; and received Proposals from Artificers, and others, for building the said Bridge; and have agreed with the Directors of the Rank of England, to allow them for their Care, Trouble, and Hazard, if the Lottery took , the Sum of Two thoulaild Pounds, or in proportion to that Sum, for the Money they should receive on account of the said Lottery; and that the Act directs 110 Money shall be received after the First Day of February 1736; and, by inspecting the Books of the Bank, there appears to be no more received on Account of the Lottery than Forty-three thousand One hundred and Sixteen Pounds, which has disabled the Commissioners from executing the said Act; and that they are informed, one of the principal Causes that made the Lottery ineffectual, was Want of Power in the Commissioners to give Encouragement to the Contributors, by way of Premium; and that the Petitioners conceive, that if some further Time be allowed for Subscriptions to be made at the Bank of England, and some Encouragement given, by way of Premium, to the Subscribers and Adventurers, out of the One hundred thousand Pounds by the said Act reserved towards building the Bridge, and such other Powers as to the House shall seem meet, they hopb the Lottery may prove effectual; and that, if it should happen the Lottery should not prove effectual, by a Day certain, to be named by this House, notwithstanding these further Advantages, the Commissioners may be empowered to raise Money by a Toll, as was done in the same of Fulham Bridge, or by such other Ways as this House shall think fit, for building a Bridge: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief, by explaining ami amending the said Act, as may enable them to build the said Bridge, and to repair and maintain the same when built.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And* it is referred to Lord Sundon, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Edgcumb, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Brereton,

Mr. Mountague, Mr. Arundel, Mr. Winnington, General Wade, Mr. Treby, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Par-fons. Sir Wm. Clayton, Lord Gage, Mj*. Gregory, Mr.

Earle, Mr. White, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Hampden,

Mr. Butler, Mr. Hay, Mr, Owen, Mr. Kent, Sir John Kay, Sir James Grant, Sir James, Campbell, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Plumtre, Mr.

Sandys, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Thomp-Jbn, Mr. Coster, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Hungerford,

Mr. Wat kin Wms. Wynne, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr.

Packer, Mr. Sevan. Mr. Kinaston, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Clutter buck, Mr. Fox, Mr. Pelham, Lord Archibald Hamilton>

Mr. Crojfe; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surry, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Crofe presented to the House, according to Wichel Order, a Bill for naturalizing Godfrey Ji ichelhaufen au and John Francis Noppe: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Crofe have Leave to make a Motion.

And

lafohrtat D*b*on.

Kttuni

Mpeaded.

Preventing

Steujob6ii*gi

Wrflmiolhrr

Bndgc.

VflfCfftff

W*.

10 Geo. II. 3° — 40

And he moved the House accordingly:

And the said Bdl was read the First time.

Befutvcd, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. liar/ presented to the I loufo, according to Order, u Hill for Relief of iuibhent Debtors: And the same Was received.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 4° d Mar tit;

Anno to* Georgii II. Regis, 1736.

Prat k r 5.

Til K Deputy Clerk of the Crown attended, according t<» Onler, mid amended the K'-tnrn for the Borough of Weoblcy, in the County of Hertford.

Sir John Buff out presented to the House, according to Onler, a Bill to continue an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Ins present M11 jesty, intituled, An Act to present the infamous Practice of Stockjobbing: And the same was received; and read the First time. Htfolved, That the Bill he read a Second tune.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Corbett, Sir Roger Bradshaigh% Captain Baker, Captain Robin/on» Sir 7 horn as Frank land, be added to the Committre, to whom the Petition of the C<»mmifljonrrs appointee! by an Act, of the last Session of Parham* nt, intitul* d, An Act for budding a Bridge cross the River Thame<*, from the \c :c P a luce-yard, in the City ol Westminster, to the oppofue Shore, in the County of Surry, is referred.

Mr. Sandut reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed for putting in Execution an A»*?, palbil in the Twelfth Year of the reign of his late Majesty KingsrVergr the First, intituled, An Act for r» pan ing umciyJ Roads therein mentioned, leading into the City of Worcepcr j and also, the Petition of 1 he Inhabitant* oft he Parish ol Clifton upon Team, in the Coi.nt v of Wtruyer, in behalf of themselves, and fever;d other adjacent Purlin I; were referred; That the Committee had examin' d the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it ap|>eared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in lii.s Place; and ufterwaids delivered it in at the Clerk's 'lable: Where the same was read; and is as follow*; viz.

The Committee did, pursuant to the Orders of the House ti|K)ii the said Petitions, proceed to examine the Matters thereof:

And, to prove the Allegations of the First Petition, the Agents for the Time laid before the Committee the said Act, pasted in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty; and some Clausestherein were read, whereby several Tolls and Duties were granted, and to have Continuance for One-and-twenty Years, from the First Day of June 1726.

Then the said Agents produced, and laid before the Committee, an Account, which was duly proved, of the Money collected and disbursed for and on account of the Roads; whereby it appeared, That the Trustees have lakl out and expended more Money in amending the Roads, than has been collected by the Tolls and Duties; and that there is now handing out a Debt of Six thousand Pounds, on the Credit of the said Act.

Then the Committee examined Witnesses, as to what Condition the several Hoads mentioned in the said Act, and thereby directed to be repaired, were now in: And, The Agents for the Petitioners thereupon called Mr. George Glyn and Mr. William Andreivs: Who, being severally examined, said, That a good Progress has been made in amending ibine of the Roads directed Vo*. 22.

Martii. 773

to be repaired; but that several of them are dill very bad, in the Winter and wet Sea Tons, and will require a very considerable Sum of Money to put them into sufficient Repair.

The Committee proceeded to examine Witnesses as to the Condition of the new Hoads mentioned in the First Petition, and thereby desired to be repaired.

The laid Mr. Glyn and Mr. Andrews said, That the Waggon Road from Severn Stoke, in the said County, to the great Bridge near Upton uponSeveine; and the Road leading f om High-ladder Stile to the Bottom of Crum pall Hilly in the Parish of I*eigh; and the Road leading from the said Mr. Andrewss 11 onf*,at the Hill, through Hat field, to the Tnd of Narrow-wood Lane, adjoining to Wadherrow Common; and the Roads leading irom Brans ford to PittyfonU Bridge in the Parish of Leigh; and fro n B^an fiord aforesaid to llerefordshire Luke, in the Parirti of Suckleii; and ftom the Hundred House to S'ockton Brook, in the Parish of Stock ton; are Into ue so had and ruinous that, in the Winter and wet Seatons, the same are dangerous, and in a mantn r impalfuble.

John Oldnally being called, said. He knew the Roads leading from the Mitre Oak to Tit ton Break, and to a Farm* house, called Goodness, in the Parish of Hurtle-burn, very well; and that the same are very bad, in the Winter*season, notwithstanding the Statute-work has been duly pe»formed thereupon.

Then the Committee proceeded to examine the Allegations contained in the Second Petition; and, for that Purpose, the Petitioneis called William Hughes: Who said. That the Road, mentioned in the said Petition, leading from Home Bridge to a Place called Cltfton's Wood, in the Parish of Clifton, is in so ruinous a Condition, that the Statute-work is not sufficient to keep the same in Repair.

It appeared to the Committee, That several of the Roads, directed to be amended by the said Act, are ftdl in a ruinous Condition; and that the additional Roads, mentioned in both the said Petitions, are so very bad, that the same cannot heeffectually repaired, and so kept, unless Ibine other Provision be made, by Parliament, for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for inlarging the Term granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads, therein mentioned, leading into the City of War-after-, and for repairing several other Roads lying contiguous to the fame. And that Mr. Sandys, Sir John Rushout, and Mr. Winninglon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of sundry Iron-masters and Ironmongers in importation the County of Lancaster, on behalf of themselves, and of Iron from many others concerned in the IronTrade, was presented America, to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Inhabitants of New England have, within these few Years, erected several Forges and Slitting mills, and do annually make a great deal of Bar Iron, and manufacture the said Iron into Axes, Nails, and lundry other Species; and do now not only supply themselves with agreat Part of their Nails, and other Iron Ware, but export great Quaui ities to many other of his Majesty’s Plantations; to the great Decay and Prejudice of the Iron Trade in this Kingdom, which, at this time, employs more People, and especially of the poor laborious Sort, than any other Trade, that of the Woollen Manufacture only excepted; and that, unless their Slitting-mills are destroyed, and some Stop put to their manufacturing, our Trade must fuon be utterly ruined, and great Numbers of People, employed in the making and manufacturing, Iron, will unavoidably be deprived of the Means of their Subsistence: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the adjourned Debate of Yesterday, upon the g L Question

774 ' 40 Martii'. A. 173&

Question proposed for referring to a Committee the Petition of the Merchants and Ironmongers of this Kingdom, in behalf of themselves, and many others trading to his Majesty’s Plantations in America, be resumed.

Debtor* A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt confined in his Petition. Majesty’s Goal for the County of Salop, in behalf of themselves, and Thousands of other Prisoners for Debt within his Majesty’s Dominions, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Whitechapel A Petition oft he Church warden, Constable, Overseers t®Woi>dr®r(,» of the Poor, and Surveyors of the Highways, and other c* Roads. jnjia5JtantS, of the Hamlet of Bethnall Green, in the Parish of Stebim Heath, alias Stepney, whose Names are {hereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Hamlet, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have a very large Road belonging to the said frlamlet, leading from the Turnpike at the Endof theZh# Bow, Mile End, unto Shoreditch Church, which is near Two Miles in Length, hitherto maintained, by a very great Expence, at the Charge of the said Hamlet; but that the Hamlet being now very poor, the greatest Part of the Inhabitants thereof confiding of Journeymen Weavers, are not in a Capacity any longer to support - the same in the necessary Repairs; which being the mod

Commodious Way to Smith field Market from Essex, and the Counties adjacent, is, by the vast Numbers of Cattle bf all Sorts perpetually passing to and from the said Market, besides many heavy Carriages that pass that Way, Extremely poched and ruined: And therefore praying. That the said Road may be repaired by the Trustees to be appointed by the Bill, now depending in this House, for granting a further Time to repair the Roads from the Stones End in Whitechapel to Sheffield, and to the furthermost Part of the Parish of Woodford, in the County of Essex; the Petitioners allowing to the said Trustees, m lieu of their Statute-work, so much as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Francis Child, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Robert Abdy, Sir Jnjlinian Isham, Sir Charles M or daunt, Mr. May, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Packer, Mr. Parsons, Sir Chr. Powell, Mr. Hunger-ford, Sir/tfmej Campbell, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Longue-ville, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Plumptre, r Mr. Plumer, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Turner, Mr.

Walker, Mr. Huxley, Captain Baker, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Alderman Peny, Mr. Harley, Sir James Grant, Mr. Sandys, Sir John St. Aubin, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Sibthorpe, Dr. Lee, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Cafter, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Yates; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex and Middlesex ? And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Iron in Bars, Pigs, or Sows, imported into this Kingdom from the Plantations; distinguishing each Species; with the Duties payable thereon, and how much the same amounted to; from Christmas 1710 to Christmas 1718; distinguishing each Plantation, and each Year.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Iron in Bars, Pigs, or Sows, imported into this Kingdom from the Plantations; distinguishingeach Species; with the Duties payable thereon, and how much the same amounted to; from Christmas 1728 to Chr/jtmqs last$ distinguishing each Plantation, and each Year.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do, in these several Accounts, distinguish the Ports of this Kingdom, into which such Iron hath been imported.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of wrought Iron, and Iron in Bars, exported to the Plantations, from Christmas 1710 to Christmas 1718; distinguishing each Plantation, and each Year.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of wrought Iron, and Iron in Bars, exported to the Plantations, from Christmas 1728 to Christmas 1736; distin-guishing each Plantation, and each Year.

A Petition of the Reverend Alexander Chalmers, Clerk, st. Cathe-Matter of Arts, Rector, Alexander Johnston, and Starkey rineCoima^ Mayo, Gentlemen, Church wardens, and also of the Iuha- Caurch* bitants, of the Parish of St. Catherine Caiman, London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Church of the said Parish is a very ancient Fabrick, and being at first built with Chalk and Rubble, is now so decayed in the Walls, Roof, Tower, and moil other Parts of it, that the Whole is in a very ruinous and dangerous State; and that it is the Opinion of very able and experienced Workmen, that it is absolutely necessary -

to rebuild it: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to give Leave for bringing in a Bill to enable the Parishioners of the said Parish to take down and rebuild the said Church and Tower, in such manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Perry, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Hay, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Longue-ville. Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Bevan, Dr. Lee, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Marshall, Mr. Alderman Willimott, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Hampden, Lord Polwarth, Mr. Whitxvorth, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fox, Sir JYm.

Jollijfe, Mr. Earle, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir James Grant, Sir Chr. Pozvell, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Raw I inf on Earle, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Gyb-bon; and all the Members who serve for the City of I^ondon, and County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for Relief of iitfolvent Debtors, was read the Insolveni First time. ’ Debtors

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr Robert Hucks presented to the House, according Des to Order, a Bill for enabling Sir Jacob Des Bouverie Baronet, and John Des Bouverie Esquire, and their re- 1 "ue* spective Issue, and Elizabeth Des Bouverie, his Sifter, to take and use the Surname of Bouverie, pursuant to the Desire of Jacob Des Bouverie Esquire, and Sir Chrijio* pher Des Bouverie, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Hobfeto 'W3 resolve itself into a Committee*of the whole House, to an A ea

consider

Iron import- Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do ed, &c, ]ay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Iron imported into this Kingdom,1’from Christmas 1710 to Christmas 1718,from foreign Countries; with the Du-ties payable thereon, and how much the same amounted to; distinguishing each Country, and each Year.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Iron imported into this Kingdom, from Christmas 1728 €0 Christmas last, from foreign Countries; with the Dufies payable thereon, and how much the same amounted to: distinguishing each Country, and each Year.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this Hoafe, an Account of the Quantity of *5

ipply.

hntation

Iron.

ent-street

Roads.

IOGeo. II. 4° — 70 775

- consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Sup- tinue from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One tliou-ply granted to his Majesty; sand Seven hundred and Eighteen, during the Term of

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Eleven Years from thence next ensuing; and that, by Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee. another Act, made in the Sixth Year of his said late* N

Majesty’s Reign, the said Act, made in the Fourth Year The Order of the Day being read, for the House of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was continued, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, from and after the Expiration of the aforesaid Term of to consider further of the Supply granted to his Eleven Years, for and during the Term of Ten Years Majesty; from thence next ensuing, subject to the Alterations

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Che Jen Hospital, for the Year 1737, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Services and Expences incurred, Anno 1736, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That a State of the yearly Revenue and Expence of Greenwich Hospital, be referred to the said Committee.

O) *dered, That the Account, shewing how much Money has been received by the Treasurers of Greenwich Hospital, from Christmas 1735 to Christmas 1736; and how the same has been applied; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Tutner also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Navy do lay before this House, the several Reports made to them, by the Officers of his Majesty’s Yards, of the Trials of Iron imported from the Plantations.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunte, 7* die Martii;

Anno 10° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1736.

Prayers.

p O DFREY TVichelhaufen and John Francis Noppe took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, dwelling in the Towns of East Greenwichf Deptford, Lewijkam, and on Black Heath, and in Lee, and Eltham, and other Pari dies and Places contiguous thereto, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That an Act, which passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Fii ft, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways leading from the Stones End in Kent-street, in the Parish of St. George% Southwark, in the County of Surry, to the Lime-kilns in East Greenwich, near Black lleaih, and to Lewijkam C\imch, be\u^ the Tunbridge Road, in the County of Kent, was to con-"

' Vol. 22.

therein contained; whicl) last mentioned Term of Ten Years will determine at Lady-day One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-nine; and that the above-recited. Acts have been found to be very beneficial to the Publick; and, by a due Application of the Tolls thereby raised, a considerable Progress in the Amendment of the said Highways hath been made; yet, as the Trustees for putting in Execution the said Acts for repairing the Roads from the Stones End in Kent street, to the Lime-kilns near Black Heath, in East Greenwich, &c. in the County of Kent, by reason of the ruinous Condition the said Roads were in, at the Commencement of the Term by the First Act granted, were necelfitated to incumber the said Tolls with the Sum of Four thousand Nine hundred and Four Pounds, borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts, at legal Interest; and obliged; by the said Act, passed in the Sixth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, to pay to the Trustees for repairing the Roads leading from Westminster Ferry, through the Parillies of Newington and CambenoelL to Nczv Cross, in the Parish of Deptford, in the County of Kent, the Sum of One hundred and Fifty Pounds Sterling per Annum, by Four quarterly Payments, during the Continuance of the said Act, and like wife at some Difficulties to come at good Materials, and great Expence in buying and carrying thereof, the same lying a great Distancefrom a great Part of the said Roads, they have not been hitherto able, by all the said Tolls, which have been to this time collected, both to maintain the said Highways in such a State as tq make them safe and convenient for Travellers to pals and repass thereon, and to pay oft*all the Incumbrances before-mentioned; but that there still remains a Debt of One thousand and Twenty-four Pounds, with growing Interest, chargeable on the said Toll, which, if the Amendment of the Roads is further continued, cannot be paid off within the Term yet to come, nor the said Roads be sufficiently repaired, and kept in good Condition hereafter, unless a farther Term be granted, and the Powers in the Two former Acts contained, inlarged, or made more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for granting a farther Term, from the Expiration of the present, and for inlarging, and making more effectual, the Powers in the Two former Acts, for so long Time, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Edward Derivg, Sir Chr. Powell, Mr. Watts, Mr. Cojler, Sir Geo. Champion, Mr. Sibthorpe, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Kent, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Corbet, Mr. Earle, Mr. Walker, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Medlycot, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Henley, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Hall, Mr. Holland, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Gvlfon, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Wm. Clayton, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Lord Morpeth, Mr. York, Sir James Naysmith, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Horfmonden Turner, Mr. Gore, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Griffith, Sir same Lowther, Mr. Pupil-Ion, Sir James Grant, Mr. Bramfion, Mr. Pitt, Mr, Cafai", and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Kent, Surry, and for the Cinque Ports; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

A Petition

debtors

Petitions*

Importation of Iron from America.

Backs Gaol and Court Room.

776 70 Martii. 1736*

A Petition of insolvent Debtors confined in Aylesbury Gaol, in the County of Bucks, on behalf of themselves, and some Thousand others in the several Gaols of this Kingdom; and also,

A Petition of several poor Prisoners, now confined in the Prison for the City and County of Exon, for Debt, in behalf of themselves, and many others, in the like unhappy Condition, in the several Prisons of this Kingdom;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of sundry Iron-masters and Ironmongers, in behalf of themselves, and many others trading to his Majesty’s Plantations in America, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Inhabitants of Nezo England have, within these few Years, erected several Forges and Slitting-mills, and do annually make a great deal of Bar Iron, and manufacture the said Iron into Axes, Nails, and sundry other Species, and do now not only supply themselves with great Part of their Nails and Iron Ware, but export great Quantities to many other of his Majesty’s Plantations; to the great Decay and Prejudice of the Iron Trade in this Kingdom, which, at this time, employs more People, and especially of the poor laborious Sort, than any other Trade, that of the Woollen Manufacture only excepted; and that, unless their Slitting-mills are destroyed, and some Stop put to their manufacturing, our Trade mull soon be utterly ruined, and great Numbers of People employed in the Making and Manufacturing of Iron . will be unavoidably deprived of the Means of their Subsistence: And praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as to the House thall seem reasonable.

A Petition of sundry Iron-masters and Ironmongers, concerned in the Iron Manufactory of the County of Worcester, in behalf of themselves, and others, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in that and other adjacent Counties, there has long been established the greatest Manufactory of Iron Ware in this Kingdom; and that their Manufactory owes its Original, as well to the several Forges ereCTed in the Neighbourhood, for making Bar Iron suitable to particular Purposes, as to the great Plenty of Pit Coal, and the Conveniency of Severn for Exportation; and that their Trade has always increased and flourished, till lately, in proportion to the American Plantations, but now greatly declines, for want of its usual Demands; and that they can ascribe this to nothing but the making of Iron and Iron Wares in that Part of the World; and that many of their Artificers and Workmen have, of late, gone off, and, as ’tis to be feared, have removed themselves thither; and that they are apprehensive, by a free Importation of Bar Iron from America, the Evil complained of will be rather increased than remedied: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the adjourned Debate of Thursday last, upon the Question proposed for referring to a Committee the Petition of the Merchants and Ironmongers of this Kingdom, in behalf of themselves, and many others trading to his Majesty’s Plantations in America, be resumed.

A Petition of the High Sheriff and Grand July assembled at the Affixes holden at Aylesbury, in and for the County of Bucks, the Second Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-six, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the County of Bucks, which is large and populous, not having any County Gaol for many Years, was obliged to rent a House to be used for that Purpose, which House so rented was situated in Aylesbury, a Market Town, lying about the Middle of the said County, in which Towa

the Assizes, Sessions, and other publick Meetings for transading County Business, had been usuallykept; and that the House so rented for a Gaol becoming iusufficient for the safe Custody of the many Felons, Debtors, and Offenders, thereunto, from time to time, committed, after divers Presentments of Grand Juries of the said County, of Inch insufficiency, his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace of and for the said County assembled, in their open General Quarter Sessions, of the Peace, at Midsummer Sessions One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-two, did resolve and agree to build a Gaol in the said Town of Aylesbury, for the Use of the County, and purchased Ground for that Purpose; and were also of Opinion, That a Court Room, or Shire House, for holding the Assizes and Sessions, was much wanted; am! that the building such Court Room, or Shire House, with the said Gaol, at Aylesbury, would be very much for the Benefit of, and was even necessary for, the said County, there being no such Place, but what was the Property of a Private Person, and used with Leave only; and that a considerable Progress was made in such Building, and a large Sum of Money was raiserl, and paid, by the said County, for that Purpose; but that, by including such Court Room, or Shire House, in the said Building, the Justices found they had no Power by Law to assess and levy such a Sum as was necessary to complete the same, whereby t he said Gaol,

Court Room, or Shire House, remain unfinished, and the Families of many of the Workmen employed in such Building are now in extreme Want, for the Money due to them for Work done, and Materials used in the said Building: And therefore, in Consideration of the Premises, and of the Neceftity there is of fin ifiling the said Gaol and Shire House, for the Convenience of the Judges of Assize anti Justices of the Peace, in Sessions to beafsembled, and for the Use of the County in general, as first intended, as well as for paying the Workmen, who are under the greatest Neceflily for want of their Money, praying the House to take the Care of the said County into their Consideration, and to grant, by some Law for that Purpose, such Powers as shall be thought proper, for the assessing and levying, on the said County, such Sum or Sums of Money, for paying the Workmen their just Debts, and also such farther Sums as shall be necessary for completing the said Gaol and Court Rooms, for the Use of the said County; or otherwise to give such Relief therein as to the House flia.ll seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Wm. Stanhope, Mr. Archer,

Sir NathanaelCurzon, Sir Chr. /We//, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Digby, Mr. Cojler, Mr. Hume Campbell, Sir Abr, Elton, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Drummond,

Sir James Grant, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Kynaston, M v.Gyb-bon, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Gore, Dr. Lee, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Earle, Mr. Thomas Archer, Sir Thomas Lee,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Horfmonden Turner, Sir Geo. Champion,

Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Marshall, Mr. Greenville, Mr.

Gregory, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Pa pi lion, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Cartxvright, Mr. Compton, Mr. Treby, Mr. Lcnguevitle,

Sir Wm. Clayton, Sir John Buckworth, Mr. Holland, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Corbet, Mr. Towers,

Mr. Wm. Gore, Mr. Lejlie, Mr. Richard Pturner, Mr.

Parsons, Mr. Brere ton, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Dairy mple, Lord Limerick; and all the Members who serve for the County of Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoou at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition Old of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, slra^ appointed to put in Execution Two several Acts of Par- 03 liament, the one made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford, in the County of

io Geo. II.

7° Marti't.

777

Importation

of Irtiu from iae:.ci.

Uvf.

of At.etkan ptin, to Dninhunh, inl!»« County of//"artrick: And the otlu r, mu dr in tlu* Klcvt nth Year of the Rciun of hi* late Majesty Kit>« Gauge the First. intituled, An Act for enlarging the I nin granted hv an Act, passed in the Sixth ear of the lit ign of her late Majesty Queen Atnury intituled, An Act for Kpniing the Highways horn Old Stratford, in the County of A art hampton, to Dun-church, in tlac County of // an* iek\ and for milking the time more effectual; and of the Gentlemen, and other Inhabitant*, of the said Town of 014 Stratford, Tore* CijliT, and ()*d Ikmnfn/y in lite said County of North-amptmy and the said Touii of Dunchurch, whole Names are also thereunto fuhfcrihtd; is reteiTeil; l»c revived: And that they do meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition ot* sundry Ironnmfters and Ironmongers, in behalf of themlrive', and other* tradin'* to his Majesty's Plantations in AmentVy rctiding within tin* City of Brijhd, wo* pretented to the House, and read; letting forth, Tlmt tire Inhabitants of Act.- England haie, within these <rw Years, creHed teteral Forges und Slitting-mills, and do auntmllv make a gi*eat deal of Bar Iron, and nmmi-Tifturc the said Iron into Axes, Nails and sundry other Specie'; and do now not only liipply tiiemlelves with great Part of their Nails and other Iron Ware, but export great Quantities to many other of his M»in itv*s Plantation', to t.ie great Decay and Prejudice of the Iron Trade in this Kingdom, winch at thi* time i:n:*loys more People, and cfpcciuilvof the poor laborious S«ut, than any other Trade, that of the Woolen Mumihtcture only excepted; aird that, unless fotne Stop l>c put to their Munu-fastiirin?, our Trade tinct Ik* certainly rttimd; and great Ntimbers of People employed here in the Making and Manufacturing of Iron, will Ik* unavoidably depiived of the M iritis ol their Subfihence: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Conli-demtion, and grant tliein such Relief a* to the House shall lis’iii renlonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabic until the adjourned Debate, of Thurjdatt halt, upon the Qucfvion proposed for interring to a Committee the Petition of the Merchants and Ironmongers of this Kingdom, in behalf of tl)enifi*lvc>, and many others trading to his Majesty s Plantations m linenm, Ik* resumed.

Mr. Jli'van reported from the Committee who were appointed to inquire what I.aas arc expired, or near expiring; mid to report th* it* Opinion to the House, which of them air tit to he revived, or continued; 'That the C ommittee hid inquired accordingly: and had come to ftwcral Kelhlutiou*, which they had directed him to rrport to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read: And the Resolutions of the Committee arc as foiJoweth; viz.

Hrtidvrdy That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the more effectnai punishing w icked and evil-disposed Per Ions going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violence* to the Persons and Properties of hi* Maf city's Subject*, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to J Uliice, which was to continue in Force, from the First iU»v of June 1723, for the Space of Three Years, and from thenee to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act, made in the'Twelfth Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, was continued, from the Expiration thereof, for and during the Space of l ive Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by a Clause in another Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making perpetual the foveral Acts, therein mentioned, for the better Regulation of Juries, and for impowering the Justices of Sef-iion or Assizes for the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lan-rafter, and Durham, to appoint a special Jury, in manner Vo*. 3*.

therein mentioned; and for continuing the Act for regti* lating the Manufacture of Cloth in the West Riding of the County of J or/;, except a Clause therein contained; and for continuing an Act for the more effectual punching wicked and evil-disposed Persons going armed in Dil* guile, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, und to prevent the cutting or bicaking down the Bank of any River, or any Sea Bank; and to prevent the malicious cutting Hop-binds; and for continuing an Act, in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Chariot the Sec ond, for preventing Theft and Rapine on the Northern Borders of England; and for reviving and continuing certain Clauses in Two other Acts made for the same rurj>ole; was further continued, from the First Day of September 1733, until the Fiilt Day of September 173b, and from thence to the End of the then next Scl-fion of Parliament; is near expiring, und fit to be continued.

AV/o/,edy That it is the Opinion of this Committed, That a Clault* in an Act passed in the Sixth Year of that Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making perpetual the few-nil ,\fts, therein mentioned, for the better Regulating of Juries; und for impowering the Justice* of Session or Assizes for the Counties Palatine of Chrfter, iMucajicr, and Durham, to appoint a special Jury, in manner therein mentioned; and for continuing the Act for regulating the Manufacture of Cloth in the West Riding of the County of York, except a Clause the tin contained; and for continuing an Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed IVrfons going armed in Dilguife, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, and to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or any Sea Bank; and to prevent the malicious cutting I lop-binds; and for continuing an Act, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for preventing Theft and Rapine on the Northern Borders of England; and for reviving and continuing certain Clauses in 'Two other Acts made for the same Purpose, which enacts, That, during the Continuance of an Act for the more effectual punishing w icked and evil-disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing Offenders to Justice, if any Person or Persons shall unlawfully and maliciously break or cut down the Bank of any River, or Sea Bank, whereby any Land shall he overflowed or damaged, and be thereof convicted, shall be guilty of Felony; is near expiring, und fit to lx continued.

llcfulvcdy That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Clause in an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making perpetual the several Acts, therein mentioned, for the I letter Regulation of Juries; and for impowering the J unices of Session, or Assizes, for the Counties Palatine of Cftefter, Lancaster, and Durham, to appoint a special Jury, in manner therein mentioned; and for continuing the Act for regulating the Manufacture of Cloth in the West Riding of the County of York, except a Clause therein contained; and for continuing an Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed Persons going armed in Dilguife, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or any Sea Bank; and to prevent the malicious cutting Hop-binds; and for continuing an Act, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charts the Second, for preventing Theft and Rapine on the Northern Borders of England; and for reviving and continuing certain Clauses in Two other Acts made for the same Purpose, which enacts. That, during the Continuance of an Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil-dispoied Personsgoing armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty s Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice, if any Person shall unlaw fully and maliciously cut any Hop-binds growing on Poles in any Plantation of Hops, and g M be

i \ j

Duties on Sweets.

Dunbar

Harbour.

Worcester

Roads.

Norton'*

Estate.

778 7° Mariii. A. 1736.

be thereof convicted, shall be guilty of Felony; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of 2?7vV//A-made Gunpowder, which was to continue for the Term of Five Years, from the 24th Day of June 1731, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The First, Second, and Third Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fourth Resolution, being read a Second time, was poltpoued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill upon the First, Second, and Third Resolutions: And that Mr. Be van, Mr. Holland, and Mr. Horfmonden Turner, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Net Income into the Exchequer of the Duties on Sweets, for Seven Years, ended at Michaelmas lait, distinguishing each Year.

Mr. Fall reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Ponies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or Ibid.within the Town of Dunbar, for improving and preferring the Harbour, and repairing the Town-house, and building a School, and other publick Buildings there, and for supplying the said Town with fresh Water, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; aryl, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofibd.

Mr. Sandys presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inlarging the Term granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads, therein mentioned, leading into the City of WorceJitr, and for repairing several other Roads lying contiguous to the fame: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Thomas Norton Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner’s Grandfather, Richard Norton Esquire, being leifed of the Manor of Old si Ires ford, and Lands in Hampshire, by Indenture of Settlement, of the Fifth of March 1657, made in pursuance of Articles before his Marriage with his Second Wife, the Petitioners Grandmother, limited the Premises to the Use of himself, for Life; with Remainder to the Use. of his First and other Sons of that Marriage, in Tail Male, with divers Remainders over; and died in 1690, leaving I Hue Richard, and William, the Petitioner’s Father; and that the Petitioners laid Uncle Richard, on his Fathers Death, entered, and enjoyed the Premises till 1708, and then died without Issue; whereby the Petitioner, his laid Father dying in 1700, became well intitled to the Premises under the said Settlement; but being then very young, and knowing nothing of that Deed, his Couliu Richard Noi'ton, late of

South wick) Esquire, Son of Daniel, who was the Petition* er’s Grandfathers Son, by his First Wife, entered upon, and enjoyed, the Premises, without Interruption, till the Seventh of December 1732, when he died without Iffiie; and that the Petitioner had some Intimations of his Title from the Converlation of the Family, in the Life-time of his said Coulin; but that his said Coulin having no Iffiie, and, by his constant kind Behaviour and Declarations to the time of his Death, giving the Petitioner great Reasons to expect he would make him his Heir to his whole Estate, which was very considerable, the Petitioner did not attempt to prove his Title, or call upon his said Coufiri to deliver up Pofiession, though he entered upon the said Estate, and has been in quiet Pofiession of it from the Death of his Cousin, which is upwards of Four Years; and that the Petitioner’s laid Coulin, by a Paper, or Writing, of the Fourth of June 1714, importing to be his last Will and Testament, after the Funeral Expences, Legacies, and Debts, shall be fully and punctually discharged and paid, devises, wills, and gives, all his real and personal Estate, except as therein mentioned, to the Poor, that is to iky, to the Poor, Hungry and Thirsty, Naked and Strangers, Sick and Wounded, and Prisoners, and appoints the Poor abovesaid ta I>e his absolute Iieir and Heirs to the End of the World, and constitutes the Legislature of Great Britain his Executory; and that, by an Act, of the Sixth of his present Majesty, Mark Freclcer, Nicolas Paxton, and John Lawton, Esquires, were appointed to propound the said Paper Writing, or Testamentary Schedule, and to take Administration, so far as relates to the personal Estate of the said Richard Norton, and to apply and ad* minister the same according to the Rules of Law and Equity; and that they have accordingly obtained Letters of Administration from the Ecclesiasftieal Court, with the said Paper Writing, or Testamentary Schedule, annexed, and possessed the said Richard Norton s personal Estate, to a very great Value; and that the Petitioner exhibited his Bill in the High Court of Chancery, against the said Act* ministrators, and his Majesty’s Attorney General, for a Discovery, Account of, and Satisfaction for, the Profits of the Premises, while the said Richard Norton held the fame; but that, instead of submitting the Petitioners Demands, upon the said Deed of Settlement, to the Judgment of the Court, the said Act ministrators have, by their Answer, infilled on the Statute of Limitations in Bar of his said Demands; the said Richard Norton having quietly enjoyed the said Premises, without Entry or Claim, for Twenty Years, or upwards; upon which Answer, the Petitioner is advised lie cannot safely proceed to the Hearing of his Caule, and for that Reason only; and that the Petitioner is advised that, in Equity, no Executor or Administrator is obliged to plead, or insist upon the Statute of Limitations, in favour of any reliduary Legatees, or Relations, intitled to a Distribution; and humbly apprehends it was not the Intention of the Legislature, that their substituted Administrators lhonld take the Advantage of the said Statute, and thereby prevent the Petitioner from trying his Right to the Rents and Profits of this Estate, received by his laid Coulin Richard Norton, which amount to near £.9,000: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall leem meet

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, being informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty is concerned, that the House may do therein as they think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Air. Glanville, Sir Thomas San-der/on, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Foxy- Mr. Whitworth, Sir Thomas Frankland, Sir John Rufhdut, Mr. Secretary at War, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Archer, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir

Geo.

io Geo. II. 70 Martii. 779

Cm. Cafitall, Sir Nathanael Curing Mr. Holland\ Mr. IFollajhnt, Mr. Kent, Mr. Fversjiehl, Mr. Par/bits, Mr. Hen\y, ( olonei Cormcallis, Mr. lire ret on, Mr.

Mi Cn/Tr, Sir Edmund Pa am, Mr. Eduards, Mr. Hucks, Mr. I nner, Colonel Ducket, Mr. /jjttgmville, Mr. (Vj/A-A"//, lx>rd Market//, Mr. Mr. Robert I Inch, Sir

CAr. PvuctI % Sir James Grant, Lord Sidney Beau clerk, Ijord Limerick* Mr. ( hetxn/nd, Mr. Bri an, Mr. Richard Pturner, Mr. Kr/rirr, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Z,*x-rotht\ Sir/C/w. Clayton, Mr. llaw/ulen, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Huagerfurd, Sir ( 'harte* V unite. Sir A hr. Elton, Mr. /7/r-noi/, Mr. Champion, Mr. AV*/, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Turner, Mr. II yndham, Mr. Tmccr. Mr. Kynajlvn, Sir Roger Brad-jhaigh; nod all the MtmUis who serve lor the ( ounty of Southampton: And Kiev are to meet this Afternoon, at I*W ot flu- Clock, in tin S|KMiker*!> Chamber: And have Power to fend for Perlbtis, Papers, and Records.

FftvmHe for Re/otvcd, That an humble Addrest be presentoil to his 1*3^* Mujricv, That he will be uracioully plciiled to give Di-

Shipi. Ac. r^iions to the proper Officers to lay before this House,

ail Ltiunatc of what may lie ncrtlliirv lor the Building*, Rebuilding*, ttnd Repairs, of his Majesty s Ships, for the \eur i;.;.

Ordered, '1 hat the said Address lie prefiiited to his Majesty, by Inch Mi iiiIhts of this House us ore of his Majiiiya most honourable Privy Council.

tremrim A Hill toconiimic An Act. made in flic Seventh Year Snick job- of the Reign ul nU pnTt nt Majeirv, intituled, An Act so

preve nt the infamous practice ol Stockjobbing was read a Second time.

Rcjoivtd, That the lull he committed.

Retch id, Thai f:*c bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rc,v;v »/, Trustthi.* House will, upon Friday Morning next, n iolve itfclt into a Committee of the whole House, upon Uic laid HilL

ChWrf A Per lion of the Trofim for establishing the Colony CwrjL. of ($e< rgia in America, being offered to be preftnted to the house;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty s Command, acquainted tin* House, I hat his Majesty being in\: v; c>! t:.r ( o: i :.Ls of the said Pctkion, recom-nji n<l> it iu i!.< tr f af «lei.lion.

Tl,i :i t laid Pi tit*, n whs brought up, and read; let-tinjl-u lh, f| f.dt ihc Petitioners by the Assistance* given them t>v ti.is i Ionic, together with the ( ontributions of well-diipUed IVrloos, have t>e( n enabled to proceed so far in the iettring and securing the Province of Georgia, that there are loinc Thousands of foreign and other Pro-tcfnmts now inhabiting within the said Province; and that the Prtiiioucis have, at a great Expence, crested a Light-kouie, Ninety Poet high, upon the Uland of Tyhet (an Advantage hitherto unknown in those Parts), to the jjieat Encouragement of the Engdjh Navigation, and the JL rtide anti Commerce on that Coast; and that the Petitioners h ive made Settlements upon the Southern Limits of the Province of Georgia, on the Sea-coast of the Continent ot North America, as far as the Spanish Out-guards; have opened a Passage by Land, for Horses and Cattle, Ninety Vitics in Length, from the River Alata-t/iuiui to the Kiwi* Savannah, and thereby procured a Communication lrooi the Southern Part of Georgia to ail his Majesty s other Provinces upon the Continent of America; and for the Security of the Southern Part of the said Province, have ertfied the Ports of Frederica, St. And: civ, and Amelia; and that a Town is laid out upon the bland of St. Simon, called Frederica; and another upon the Aialinnuha hiver, called Darien; in both which Tow ns icvcral 1 louies are already erected and inhabited, and muiiv others are now’ building; which Towns, whin iiniihcd and peofiled, will, by their Situation, he a benefit and Dduice to the Southern Frontier; hut that the Petitioners arc utterly unable to defray the Expences H*rcof, unlds farther aflifred by the House; and that Yojl,

the Ncceflities of the Persons who have been last settled in the said Province, and of some others who have not yet been able to cultivate Lands sufficient for their Support, make it incumbent on the Petitioners to represent to the House the melancholy Circumstances to which they will be reduced, unless there be some farther Provision for their Maintenance; and that the cultivating a good Correspondence with the Indians, the Support of a Civil Magistracy, the encouraging the Produce of Wine, Oil,

Silk, and other valuable Commodities, and other accidental Charges, arc necessary to be defrayed in the Infant State of the Colony: And therefore praying the House to give the Petitioners such Assistance in the Premises as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this Ifoufe, shewing how the Money remaining unapplied the 2d of March 173 s, of the Money granted in Parliament, in the Year 1735* to the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America, has been since applied by them towards settling and securing the said Colony.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House,

shewing how the Money granted in the loft Session of Parliament, to the Trullees for eltabiithing the Colony of Georgia in America, has been applied by them towards settling and securing the said Colony.

Ordered, That it be an rnstruction to the Committee Committed of Privileges and Elections, That they do not proceed of Privilege* on any more Petitions now before them, complaining of undue Elections or Returns.

A Petition of James Rollo, only Son of Robert Hollo, Removing late of Pou'house, deceased, was presented to the House, Kollo’s Dif-and read; setting forth, That the said Robert Rollo, deceased, was unhappily (educed, in the Year 1715, to join in the Rebellion at that time raised in Scotland; and the Petitioner, his only Son, being then very young, was induced to go along writij his Father, to attend him, not knowing the Nature of the Crime in which he thereby involved himself; and that the said Robert Rollo, his Father, loon perceiving his Error, returned early to his Duty, by a voluntary Surrender of himself, and of the Petitioner, to the Commanders of his Majesty s Forces; who, being carried Prisoners, and triftl at Carlisle, were among the first that pleaded guilty, and were convicted of High Trealbn; and that thereby, and by One or more Act or Acts of Parliament, all the real and personal Kltate of the said Robert Rollo, and of the Petitioner, became forfeited, and veiled in Trustees, for the Use of the Publick; and that by ail Act, made in the Third Year of his laid late Majesty Kin ^George the First, intituled, An Act for the King’s most gracious free Pardon, the (kid Robert Rollo and the Petitioner were pardoned, and discharged of and from Imprisonment and Execution of their Persons on such Conviction; and that, on the humble Representation of the said Robert Rollo, and in Consideration of fiis early and voluntary Surrender, his said late Majesty was graciously pleased to make a Provision out of the Residue of the said Robert Hollos Estate, in favour of a Trustee, for the Use and Behoof of his Children, after paying his just and lawful Debts; and that the Petitioner has not only forfeited all Right of Succession to his said Fathers Estate, but is in Danger of losing his Share of his late Majesty’s Bounty, and all the Produce and Benefit thereof; and is exposed to many Difficulties, being incapable to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit; and is likewise wholly disabled to take or inherit any real or per-(onal Estate that shall or may hereafter defeend pr come to him; and, by reason of his said Conviction, is ex-eluded'from the Means of providing for himself and his unfortunate Family: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to give Leave to bring in a Bill for removing the Disability and Incapacity occasioned by

the

Debtor! Petition.

Mafion’sNat.

Wolm*

hampton

JRoads.

Importation of Iron from America.

7S0 "7° — 8

the said Conviction, and to grant to him such other Relief as to the House flmll leem meet.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That the same of the Petitioner having been humbly represented to his Majesty, his Majesty gives his Consent, that the House may do therein as they think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable James Hollo, only Son of Robert Iloilo, late of Pmhouse, deceased, to foe, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding Ins Attainder; and to remove any Disabilityin him, by reason of his laid Attainder, to take or inherit any real or. personal Estate that may or shall hereafter descend or come to him: And that Sir James Campbell and Sir James Grant do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in Ivel-chejl§r Gaol, in the County of Somerset, on behalf of (hemfcives, and Thou lands more in the several Prisons in f his Kingdom, who are williing to fur render up their AH, in discharge of their Debts, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition dp lie upon the Table.

A Petition of John Stephen Maffbn was presented to the House- and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner was born out of his Majesty s Allegiance; but hath constantly professed the Protestant Religion, and given Testimony of his Loyalty to his Majesty: And therefore praying, That his Name may be inserted in the Bill depending in the House for naturalizing Godfrey I Picket ha ujen and John Francis Noppe.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen and Freeholders of the County of Salop,' whose Names are thereunto fub-icribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth* That the Petitioners find, by the Votes of this House, that Application hath been made to this House, by the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, for an Act to enable Trustees to erect a Turnpike or Turnpikes upon the Road from Gibbet Jane to Wolverhampton, and the End of the County of Stafford, in the several Roads leading to Bridgeport h, Skiff ml, and Newport, in the County of Salop; and that the Roads from the End of the said County of Stafford, along the Post Road to Skiff-ml, and also to the’(aid Towns of Nezvpoj't and Bridge-north, by reason of the many heavy Carriages passing along the fame, are become very ruinous, and dangerous for Travellers, and cannot, by the ordinary Laws in be--ing, be effectually repaired and supported: And therefore praying the House, That, in the Bill intended to be brought in for repairing the Roads before-mentioned, Provision may be made for repairing the Roads from the End of the County of Stafford, to the said several Towns of Bridgeport h, Newport, and Skiffnal.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradelinen, and other Inhabitants of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, and Places adjacent, was referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ap-j>ear to them, to the House.

" Ordei'ed, That the said Committee be revived; and that they do meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of fiindry Ironmasters and Ironmongers, and tJthe'r Manufacturers of Iron, in' the County of Stafford, Tras: ‘presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Inhabitants of his Majesty’s Plantations, and particularly of New England, have lately erected several

' *4 ‘

s..i

A. 17364

Forges and Slitting-mills, and do now* make a great deal of Bar Iron, and manufacture the said Iron into Axes,

Nails, and liindry other Species; and not only'supply themselves with great Part of their Nails, and other Iron Wares, but export great Quantities to many other of his Majesty’s Plantations, to the great Decay and Prejudice of the Iron Manufacture in this Kingdom, which at this time employs more People, especially of the poor laborious Sort, than any other Trade, that of the Woollen Manufacture only excepted; and that, unless their Slitting-mills are destroyed, or feme Stop put to their Manufacturing, our Trade must certainly be ruined, and great Numbers of People, employed in the Making and Manufacturing of Iron, will unavoidably be deprived of the Means of their Subsistence: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as to the House tliall leem reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the adjourned Debate of Thursday lait, upon the Question proposed for referring to a Committee the Petition of the Merchants and Ironmongers of this Kingdom, in behalf of themselves, and many others trading to his Majesty s Plantations in America, be resumed.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from Supply, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it vvas referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterw ards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow'; viz.

Resolved, That it is the opinion of this Committee*

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-eight thousand Seven hundred and Seven Pounds Five Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1737.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-six thousand Four hundred and Thirteen Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Threepence Farthing, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying several extraordinary Services and Expences incurred in the Years 1735 and 1736, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding den thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards the Sup- port of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out, and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Ditto, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then, the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 8° d Martii;

Anno to* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1736. Praters.

*fOhn Stephen Maffon took the Oaths appointed, in J order to his Naturalization.

The House being informed, that Mr. Cozvdery, from ^unes the Exchequer, attended at the Door; ‘ wcets

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Net Income into the Exchequer of the Duties on Sweets,

ft*

io Geo. II. 8° M. 781

for Seven Years, ended at Michaelmas last, dhtinguish- And the Title of the said Account was read, ing each Year. The said Account is as follows; riz.

And iheu lie withdrew.

To the lionouruble the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An ACCOUNT of the Net Income into the Exchequer on the Duties on Sweets for Seven Years, ended at

Michaelmas last, distinguishing each Year; viz. £m s. d.

Yrom Michaelmas 1720 to ^/chaclmas 1730 - - - . - - - 18 12 i f

From Michaelmas 1730 to Mich admits 1731 - ----- 32 3 o"

From Michaelmas 1731 to Michaelmas 1732.....- ——

From Michaelmas 17^2 to Michaelmas 1733 - - - 35 n (ji;

From Michaelmas 1733 to Michaelmas 1734.....3 18 7*

From Michaelmas 1734 to Michaelmas 1733.....32 41

From Michaelmas 1733 to Michaelmas 1736 - - - -.....45 3 2{

Exchequer, the 8th Day of March 1736.

Xathanael Cerudery.

C >G7 12 7

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to lie pe rukxl by die Members of the House.

Sc CitfccnM Ordered, That Mr. Crosse, Mr. Plamptre, Mr. A'ru -CoIcmi land, Mr. Riram'y, Mr. ThompfoneA York, Mr. Price, Mr. Chuck. Pul hill, Mr. Ijiclruruad, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Par suns, Sir

Hum. florrarth, Mr. Ashley, Mr. Compton, Mr. Ti/drll, Mr. Cnt t-iuff, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Reverend Alexander Chahmrs, Clerk, Walter of Arts 1U«for, Ale Kinder John ft on and Starkey Mayo, I ventlcMiKai, ( hurchwanlen*, and ullb of the Inhabitants of the Pcu ilh of St. Catherine Coleman, Ijcndon, is referred.

Dr% f^o^- \ Rill for em!!in'i Sir Jact'b /)?*♦ Ikmrerie Rnronct,

ne*> aft , j jln j), ,r. t, u. l- ^iuin*, and their resptrtive I line,

and Elizabeth l)cs J: m a ie hi* Sifter, to take and ule the Surname of Homeric, piirlimiil to the detire* ol Jacob Dee limrnc Esquire. and Sir Chrijhpher Dcs Bouverie, deeru!td, was read it Second time.

IS That the Pill he committed to Mr. Robert

Hue'-, s'\v Jamr? Grunt. Sir James Campbell, Sir Nat ha-u* t' ( ’urz-u, D'fd G.:ge, Mr. Shuttlcuvrth, Mr. Jjongue-vi'c, Mr. Crofjl. Sir ('hath < Murdaunt, Mr. Seal, Mr. Iltnf, Sir Pram is Bo?; a ton. Mr. Par has, Mr. Danvers, Mr. P.:j-ib»n, Sir It m. IPiithcdv, Mr. Lhn/d, Mr. Bc-vii,’. Mr. It 'dklnfm, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Car ticright, Sir f*i*\ Ik <:u:n*>nt, Mr. A* eh*r, Mr. Parle, Mr. Lyndfty, I.ord ,\..cl Snnnrft. Mr. Plumpin', Mr. Turner, Mr. It ? UMr. ljt < n t'Oi, Mr. J Uric, C olonel Lyddall, Mr. S-ruins, Mr. Gijf-n. Sir Thomas Sander fun, Ix>id Pid.. 'jilt, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. lieunearth, Mr. Trait':/d, Mr. Holland, Mr. // lute, Mr. Laroche, Sir./ 7 n Heat hade. Lord CnniLury; and all the Members w\,j !(rvc for the Counties of Kent uiul Hilts: And they mr in liiiTttiiis Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the SjK-J.ers ChauiUr.

ichclhau- A Fill for naturalizing Godfrey Il'ich cilia u/cn and John Tram is X fpc, was read a Second time.

Paired, That the lfiil be committed to Mr. Cruffe. Lord Gage, Dr. Lee, Ix>rd Limerick, Sir James Campbell. Mr. Brereton, Mr. LongueviUc, Mr. Lindsay, Sir Xathanael Curzn, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Mucks, Colonel On-/loic, Mr. 11 jndhuni, Mr. !Turner, Sir IVm. llcathcote, Mr. 'Ton'll!head, Mr. Trank I and, Mr. Hill lams, Sir Arthur Torbes, Mr. Leheup, Mr. 1 Talker, Sir Geo. Beaumont. Mr. Hay, Sir IVm. IVentvcorth, Mr. Neal, Mr. Bred 1/, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Towers, Mr. Talift, Mr. Cosler, Mr. Shajto, Mr. Hales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

MafTon’i Ordered, That the Petition of John Stephen MaJJbn, which was ordered to lie upon the Table until the Second Reading of the said Bill, be referred to the said Committee: And that they do admit the Petitioner into the said Bill, if they think lit.

Vol/22.

Mr. Cartzeright reported from the Committee, to whom Old Stratford the Petition of the Tridlers, w hole Names are thereunto Roads, subscribed, appointed to put in Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, the one made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford, in the (’ounty of Xurthampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of // divcicl; and the other, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for inlarging the Term granted by an Act, pallet! in the Sixth Year of the Reign of lier lute Mnjrfty Queen time, intituled, an Act for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford, in the County of Xorth-ampton, to Dunchui'ch, in the County of Warwick, and for making the same more effectual; and of the Gentlemen, anil other Inhabitants, of the said Town of Old Stratford, Tmccc/ler. and Daventry, in the said County of Xurthaniptcn, and the said Town of Dunchurch, whole Names areal lb thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the Iloufr, of the 2d Instant, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Petitioners laid before the Committee the said Act, pafi’ed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty, for repairing the said Highways; and allb the Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for inlarging the Term granted by the said former Act for repairing the said Highways: And several Clauses in both the said Acts were read.

And it appeared by the first-mentioned Act, That several Tolls were granted, and divers Pow ers given, to the Tmftces thereby appointed, or to be appointed, for repairing the said Highways, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, from die First Day of May 170S; and, by the last-ineutioned Act, the former Tolls and Powers were frirther continued for a Term of Twenty-one Years, to commence after the Expiration of the said former Act.

Then die Petitioners called,

Mr. Thomas Barker: Who produced a Book, w herein is entered the Accounts of the Money that had been received and paid yearly by the Treasurer of die Turnpikes erected in pursuance of the aforesaid Acts; whereby it appeared, That about £. 450- was received one Year with another; and that the Disbursements always exceeded the Income of the Tolls: And it also appeared by the said Book of Accounts That there is now due and owing the Sum of £. 2,400. which was borrowed on the Credit of the said Act.

And the said Thomas Barker, being examined in relation to what die Condition of the said Roads now are in, as to the Repairs thereof, laid, That the said Roads are about 29 measured Miles in Length, and that Materials proper 9 N for

2

8° Mar tit.

A. 173

Colony of Georgia.

Dunbar

Harbour.

for repairing the fame, lie at a DHtance from the greatest Part thereof; and that many Parts of the said Roads are still so very bad, that the same arc dangerous to Passengers in the Winter Season, especially that Part which leads from Dunchurch to Daventry; and that no Materials, fit for repairing the fame, are to be had nearer than Three Miles and a Half; and that the Trcfftees are obliged to pay 12d. pei' Ton for the Stones brought to amend that Part of the Road; and that there is not any Sand or Gravel fit to repair the fame, but what is fetched several Miles.

And he also laid, That the Money cohered, and £. 2,400. which was borrowed upon the Credit of the Acts, as aforesaid, hath been duly laid out and applied according to the Direction of the said Acts; and that the Trca-surer of the Turnpike did last Year lay out a considerable Sum of Money more in repairing the said Roads than the Tolls produced.

And he further said, That a great many Waggons and Carts travel through these Roads (being the Road to Chester, and other considerabte Towns), and that several of the Waggons carry between 50 and 60 Hundred Weight, and that Carts carry in proportion; which extraordinary Weights contributed very much to the making and continuing the Roads to be in so very bad and ruinous Condition as they are now in; and that, if it were not for the'Foils collected from the Drivers of Packhorles,. (great Numbers frequently travelling through the Turnpikes), the said Roads would have been in a much worse Condition than they now are.

And Mr. Barker added to his Evidence, That the Tolls arising by virtue of the said former Acts will not be sufficient to amend the Roads effectually, and to keep them in Repair, if the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, through which the Roads lead, do their Statute-work, which, he said, thoy had constantly done; nor can the Debt due on the Credit of the said Acts, and the Interest thereof, be paid off, unless the Tolls, and the Term now in being, be further continued, and the Powers inlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick: And that Mr. Cartwright, Sir Charles Mor daunt, and Mr. Digby, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, that Mr. Verelft, Accountant to the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account, shewing how the Money remaining unapplied the Second of March 1735, of the Money granted in Parliament in the Year 773.5, to the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America, has been since applied by them towards settling and securing the said Colony: And also,

An Account, shewing how the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament, to the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America, has been applied by them towards settling and securing the said Colony.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dunbar, for improving and preserving the Harbour, and repairing the Town-house, and building a

School, and other publick Buildings there, and for lbpply-ing the said Town with fresh Water, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

An Act for continuing an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dunbar, for improving and preserving the Harbour, and repairing the Town-house, and building a School, and other publick Buildings there, and for lbpplying the said Town with fresh Water.

Ordered, That Mr. Fall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for Relief of insolvent Debtors, was read a Sc- infoiveat COnd time. Debtors.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hay,

Mr. Glaitcille, Sir Nathanael Ciirzon; Mr. Leheitp, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Gybbon, Sir James Grant, Lord Baltimore, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Yor/ce, Mr. Btvan, Lord Limerick, Lord Polwarth, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr.

Waller, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bramston, Mr. llnxley, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Coster, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Fapillon, Mr. Townshend, Mr. IIanbury Williams, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Lcngueville, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Thcmpfou, Mr. Wollaston, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Holland, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Neale, Mr. Digby, Mr. Hume Campbell,

Sir John Rushout, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Sheppard, Mr.

Hacks, Mr. Laroche, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Montague,

Sir Wilfrid Lari'Jon, Mr. Hampden, Mr. O/baldiflon, Sir Charles Turner, Lord Fere Beauclerk, Lord Gage, Mr. Alderman//IIlimot, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Kymtjion,

Mr. Danvers, Mr. Harley, Mr. Jeffrys, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. CroJJ'e, Mr. Coppleston, Mr. Earle, Brigadier Handafyde, Mr. Brereton, Sir Thomas Clarke, Mr. Hawkins, Mr. Holden, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Edwards, Colonel Lyddal, Mr. JValpolc, Mr. Watkin W?ns. Wynne: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of Bartholomew Baratty was presented to Baratty’a the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner Nat-was born out of his Majesty’s Allegiance; but hath pro-sessed the true Protestant Religion, and given Testimony of his Loyalty to his Majesty: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in.a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to luring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Alderman Perry and Colonel Onslow do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Lavefon Gower reported from the Committee, to Wolver_ whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Trade!1 hamptoa men, and other Inhabitants, of Wolverhampton, in the Roads. County of Stafford, and Places adjacent; and also the Petition of the several Gentlemen and Freeholders of the County of Salop, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petitions:

And, to prove the Allegations of the First Petition, Witnesses were called; viz.

John Ward Esquire, and Christopher Pountney: Who, being severally examined, said, That very considerable Manufactures are carried on in the Towns of Wolverhampton and Walsall, in the County of Stafford, of Iron Wares, Flax, Hemp, and other Goods; all which Goods

and

IO Geo. II. 8° Martii.

and Wares are carrried by Land to London, Cihester, J3ezr</- and Bridgnorth, in the County of are so very bad; lei/, Manchester, and other Parts of this Kingdom, for that the same cannot be put "in good Repair, and kept Sale and Exportation. amended, by the Laws in being.

Then the Committee proceeded to inquire into the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Condition of the several Roads, from the End of a Road Repairing the Roads from the End of the Lane adjoining or Lane adjoining to a Common called Sutton Cokjicld, to Sutton Cote field, ill the Parish of Aldrich, and County and Barbeacon Common, in the Parish of Aldrich, in the of Stafford, to Wolverhampton, and from Gibbet-lane to said County of Stafford, through the same Lane or Road Wolverhampton, and from thence to Shifnal, Bridgnorth, near to a Farm commonly called The Motts House; and and Newport, in the County of Salop; and from Staff from thence through a Lane called Wood-end-lane* to and ford to Wolverhampton, and from thence to a Place called ‘ through the Town of Walsall; and from (Walsall to and 'the Seven Stars, in the Road to Worcester; and from Wol-through the Town of Wiilenhall and Wolverhampton; verhampton, through Sedgly, to Queen sCroff, at the End and from a Place called Gibbet-lane, in the common Road of the Town of Dudley, hi the County of Worcester: leading from Bil/lon. in the same County, to and through And that Mn Leveson Gower, Mr. Baptist Levejbn Gower, the Town of Wolverhampton', and also from the Town and Mr. Edward Kynaston, do prepare, and bring in, the of Stafford, to and through the said Town of Wolver- lame.

Hampton, and so to a Place called Seven Stars, in the Pari 111 of Kijig/ivbiford, in the said County of Stafford, in Mf. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Answer to the Road to Worcester; and also from the Market-place Address of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be gra- Address* in Wolverhampton, through that Town, to and through ciously pleased to direct the proper Officers to lay before the Town of Sedgeley, to Queens Cro/s, at the End of the this House, an Estimateof what may be necessary for the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester; which said Buildings, liebuildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty’s Roads are all mentioned in the First Petition. Ships, lor the Year 1737, had been presented to his Ma-

And the said Mr. Ward, and Chrijhpher Pcuntncy, be- jesty: And that his Majesty had commanded him To ac-ing examined, said, That all the said Roads are, by rea- quaint this House, That he will give Directions accord-son of the many heavy Carriages often passing through the ingly. lame, become so ruinous, that some Parts thereof are, in

the Winter Sealbn, impallable for Carriages and Fallen- A Bill for the better Encouragement of Learning, by Copy-right gers, that they are obliged often -to go through the pri- the more effectual securing the Copies of printed Books of printed vate Grounds of Persons to avoid the lame: That some to the Authors or Purchasers of such Copies, during the Bo° s* of the Judges, when they went the Circuit, caused In- Times therein to be mentioned; and to repeal an Act, distments to be brought against several of the Parishes passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Ma-w herein the said Iloads do lie, upon Account of the Bad- jesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Encourage-nels thereof. ment erf Learning, by vesting the Copies of printed

The same Witnesses acquainted the Committee, That Books in the Authors or Purchasers of such Copies, du-the Carriers, who travel the said Roads, have often de- ring the Times therein mentioned; and for the better dared to them. That they lhouldbe under a Necessityof securing the Payment of the Drawback of the Duties railing the Price of the Carriage of Goods to Wolver- for Paper used in printing Books in the Latin, Greek,

Hampton, unless some Provision be made by Parliament Oriental, and Northern Languages, within the Two Uni-for the better repairing and amending those Roads; and versities of Oxford and Cambridge; was read a Second that the Price of Carriage, by reason of the Badness of time.

the said Roads, has been much advanced, to the great Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Prejudice of the Traders and Inhabitants of the Town of Resolved\ That the Bill be committed to a Committee

Wolverhampton, and the several adjacent Towns and VII- of the whole House.

lages. Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

The laid Witnesses further gave Evidence, That more night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Work and Money are necessary for the Repairs of the said upon the said Bill.

several Roads, and keeping the fume in Repair, than the

Inhabitants of the several Parishes, wherein the Roads lie, Sir Thomas Lyttleton, from the Commissioners for Estimate of are obliged to do and pay by virtue of the Laws now in executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great s being relating thereto. Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Ad-

The Committee then proceeded to examine the Allega- drels to his Majesty, an Eftiniate of the Rebuildings and

tion contained in the Second Petition: Repairs of Ships, for the Year 1737.

Mr. Ward, and Christopher Fount nei), said, The Roads And the Title thereof was read,

from the End of the said County of Stafford, along the The said Estimate is as follows; viz.

Poll Road to Skiffnul, and also to the Towns of Newport

Yql. 22.

Navy

GO

4*

Navy Office, } An ESTIMATE of the Rebuildings and Repairs of Ships of War at his Majesty’s Yards, over and above what are proposed to be done on the Mead of \Vear and Tear, and 7th February 1736. j are not included in the Ordinary Estimate for the Navy, for the Year .1737 prepared in ptirfuance of Directions from the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, signified by Letter, of the 30th of November lait, from Mr. Burchett, tlreir Lordships Secretary; viz.

Place Where. No of Guns. Ships Names. Mature of their repair. Time wheil to be Charge of their TOTAL.

/ — Taken in Hand. Completed. f Hulls. Rigging, and Stores. \

r £ d. £ s. d. £. s. d.

Deptford. 80 Boyne - - -" - - 1 July 1738 - - 8,097 " 8,097 — —

70 Prince Frederick - - - December 1738 - 9,006 — — — 9,066 —

()0 , Lyon - - - " December next - 9.255 - — 4,178 — — i 3,433 — —

Woolwich 90 Duke - - - - > Rebuilding - . m U m M In Hand i April 1738 - - 9,000 — 0,000 — — 7%

80 Cumberland - - -- - - Ditto - - - 6,386 — — - 6,586

70 1 1 1 - - - Uncertain . - 5,089 — 5,089

Suffolk - - -J - x Ditto - - - 4,ai2 — — - 4,212

Chatham 100 Royal Anne - Uncertain - - 2,000 — 2,000 — —

70 Elizabeth - - . - . - Ditto - - 4,000 4,000

Naffivw - - w - Ditto - - - 2,000 — — - 2,000

Sheerncfs ()0 Rupert - - - Ditto - - - 2,000 2,000

Portsmouth - 100 Victory - - 1 Rebuilding - In Hand - < December next - 10,140 2,000 — — 12,140

90 St. George - - - Uncertain - - 3,000 — — — 3,000

70 Bedford - - - - Ditto - - 2,500 — — 2,500

60 Princess Mary - - - - Ditto - - - 1,000 — — — 1,000

Plymouth . Go Kingstone - - - July 1738 - - 3,000 4 — - — 3,000

Total 80,945 CO 1 1 87,123

ABSTRACT.

d.

1’or the Hulls of the Ships - 80,945 — —

For Rigging and Stores - - - . - 6,178-----

Total - - £. 87,123-----

. 77;. The Sum of F.ighty-ievcn thou fund One hundred and Twenty-three Poirnds.

i|- Richard Haddock, Ja. Ackxvorth, Thomas Pear/c, C. Purvis, lir.rhr, Ro. Pj;"g-

-1

8° Martii. A. 173

io Geo. II. 8° — 90

Iron

exported.

ft'lirfof distressed Men nett it Le|borm*

§oar Karigaiion.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before tins House, an Account of what wrought Iron, and Iron in liar*, have been exported to foreign Parts, exclusive of the Plantations, from L'hrijhnas 1728 to Chri/mas last; distinguishing the Ports from whence exported, and the Places to which exported.

Mr. Alderman Willimot reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others trading to Leghorn, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the Hoofe, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, in order to prove the Allegations thereof,

ChrUopher Craw was called: Who, being examined, laid. That he had lived Fourteen Years at Leghorn; and that, during his Residenoe there, it was cuflnmary fer his Majesty’s Consul, with the Majority of the British Merchants, to receive certain small Sums of Money; rfe-Nine Pence per Ton on all Tonage Goods, and Three Pence per Bale on all Bale Goods, imported, to British Ships or Vessels, into the said City; and that the Money so arising was disposed of by the Conlul, with the Confeot of the Majority of the FaAory of that Place, to the Relief of Mariners shipwrecked, or taken in War, and ft rip t, by which they were prevented from going into foreign Service, and to distressed Persons, and other charitable and publick Uses: And said. That be never beard of any Person’s disputing the Pay* meats of the said Rates and Duties; but that there it no legal Authority to compel the Payment thereof, and that it was only founded upon Agreement amongst themselves.

Brenfy Skinner, being examined, confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Crow: And added further, That, during his Stay at Leghorn, several Persons did refuse the Payment of the said customary Sums of Money; and that, fmee such Refuse!, several distressed Persons, who applied to the Consul for Relief, were denied the fame, there not being a sufficient Fund for that Purpose.

Captain Win. Clerk, and Captain Andrew Elton: Who, being severally examined, said, That they having used the Leghorn Trade upwards of Twenty Years, never heard of any Refiifal being made for the Payment of the said customary Sums of Money, by Persons trading to the said City of Leghorn, till the Year 1726; and that since the Year 1729, it has been totally refused; and that, since such Refusal, several Mariners, his Majesty’s Subjects, have been in very great Dirtrefs, and have been reduced to very great Extremities, for want of having Assistance as formerly; which hath obliged many of them to enter themselves into foreign Service.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for collecting, at the Port of Leghorn, in Italy, certain small Sums of Money, for Relief of Mariners ship-wrecked and taken inWar, and other distressed Persons, his Majesty’s Subjects, and for other pious and charitable Uses, to which the Merchants trading the re have usually contributed: And that Mr. Alderman Willi* moll, Mr. Alderman Ferry, Mr. Yates, Sir John Barnard, and Mr. Alderman Parsons, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Burgesses, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Leicester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen and principal Freeholders in the County of Lekesler, whole Names are thereunto subscribed;

Vo l. 22.

Were severally presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the River Soar, running from Ixicefier aforesaid into the River Trenti in the County of Nottingham, U capable of being made navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels; which Navigation, when elle&ed, will very much preserve the Highways, and be a Means to im-

frove the Trade of the said Town, and other laces near the said River, and also employ and support the Poor, and be of great Advantage to the Publick: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said River Soar navigable, from the said Town of Leicester to the said River Trent, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Ueftrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put# That the said Petitions be referred to the Confutation of a Committee; v

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Noes, j j^eb^:' } 1

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriij g° die Martii;

Anno io* Georgiill" Regis, 1736.

Pa A YE RS.

SI R Francis Child reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, Constable, Overseers of the Poor, and Surveyors of the Highways, and other Inhabitants, of the Hamlet of Bethnall Green, in the Parish of Stebunheath, alias Stepney, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Hamlet, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition: And, in order to prove the Allegations thereof,

John JVent and Amos Stocker were called: Who, being severally examined, said, That the Road leading from the Turnpike at the End of the Dog Roto, Mile End, unto Shoreditch Church, is near Two Miles in Length; and that the Maintaining of the said Road had been attended with great Expence to the said Hamlet; but that the Inhabitants thereof were now so poor and needy, as not to be in a Capacity of railing the Money they had usually done on that Occasion; nor was the Statute-work by any means sufficient for the necessary Repairs thereof: They further said, That the said Road was the Highway to Smithfield Market, from the Counties of Essex, Cambridge, Suffolk, and Norfolk; so necessarily subject to great Impair and Decay, from the many Carriages and Cattle continually passing through the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill for in-larging the Terms and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the Stones End at Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Shenfield, and to the furthermost Part of the Parish of Woodford, leading to the Town of Epping, in the County of Essex \ and for amending the Road

9 O leading

2 8<5 p* M- A.vft

Jfeadin^fuoni'ithein thiP^rffli of-Ltitf Lajtov, to the River /rovtf, to the County of Laiicafer: And thrdugh Wonfead/tb the End of the Parish of Wood- that Mr.' Shuttleworth,' Sfr Nathartnel CilrzoH, Mi*. f6tdyv\&xX t the Pbrith1 of Chigzvellym the said County Brereton, Mr. Bo/rf, and Mr. Gildart, do prepare, and and for rendering the ftiid Act more effec- bring in, the fame. lokJ; That-they'd^ make Provision ill the said Bill, for

impairing t^ie Ro^'leading frorti the Turnpike at the Mf. /f^?;prdented'to'she'Hoafe, accordingto Order Puniftiing

End 'Of the Dog' Roto at Mile tend, to Shoreditch a Bill foY. the more effectual punishing Rbgues and Rygueiwd Church, in the said'Ob’unty of Middlesex. Vagabonds; and for the thetter Relief and Employ-

hi* r ment of ftfch poor Perfdiis as are therein mentioned:

Worsley Mr. Shnttlewotth reported from the Committee, to And the same was received; anfd r£ad the First time.

Brook. nvhdiA the Petit ioftbf the Gentlemen; Merchant^ Ma- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Secocfcl time.

tihfaftnrers1, Traders; and Inb’a^itAriis/ ih th5e Town of Ordered, That the; Bill be printed.

Manchester, and Parts adjacent, fti 'thbComity; Palatine: ,: '

i&t'Ltohcafierj Whole Barnes are tRdfetoito fishf^ribed, Ordered, That Ledveibe given to brJng in a Bill for iiij behalf of themselves, and dtlib^'the GeritFemen, the Qualification of Perforts acting as.Trustees for re-Merchants, Manufacturer^ Traders,; and Trth&festants, pairing the Roads within: that Part of Great Britain ih lhfe said ToWti i/f Manchester, ah<T Parts Adjacent, called, -England:. And that Mr. Robert Hacks, Mr, was referred, Th&t -the Committee1 had examined the Earle, and Mr. White, ;do prepare; arid bring in, the Mattec/of the said Petition; and had directed him to fame.

report the fame, as it appeared testiiehi;to the House;

and lie read the Report in his Plade; and arferwdrds A Petitibti oijdfeph Gebdmdn Esqiiine;and the Pro- ^odoo ddiv&ed it in at the Clerics»Table: Where the same prietors, Owners, and Occupiers* of Lands on each Navigate was read; and i£ as follows viz. Side; :of the RiVer Rocfon, thereunto, subscribed; Was

T^lfe Committee have, pirfilarjt to the Order of the preferred to the House, and read; setting forth, That nbuft, examined the Matter of the said Petition: the Blyeryii^flfo?r, running from Great Ilford to Bark-

And, in order to prove the A'rfegitibnS therbof, ing \rx.Ejex, was, tilHatdy, wholly-UHfpaffitble for any

Boats; and that* by Indenture, dated the nd Day of and appointed by an Act of Parliament, passed in the May 1736, several of the Land Owtiers on each Side of Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the said River, and the Owners or Lessees of the Mill George' the Phft, intituled; *AA AftTor thawing the thereupon, at BurWrtg. aforesaid, according to their Rivers Mercy arid' /^u^havigable, from Leverpoole respectivp Estates and Interests, did covenant with to Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, the Petitioner Joseph Goodman, That they would per-was called: Who, being examined, said. That, in pur- mit him to come upon their Lands, for the clearing the fuance of tire said Act/ Navigation of the Rivers said River, in order to make it navigably, and for re-Mercy and irwell had been completed for some time, moving any Impediments therein; and such of the said inso much that Boats, Barges, Lighters, and other Land Owners as had an Inheritance in Fee-simple Vessels, from 16 to 24 Ton Weight, palfed from Lever- did give Power to the said Petitioner to dig down, or poole to Manchester. cut away, any Part of the Lands belonging to thems>

The Committee: then:proceeded to inquire into the not exceeding Thirty Feet in Breadth, in order to in-Condition’of the River or Brook called Worsley Brook, large the said River, for the more: easy making the with respect to itsrbeing capable of being navigated, and same navigable; and the said Petitioner covenanted to the Advantages that woufd arise therefrom: And it make Satisfaction to the Land Owners for what Damage appeared, by the Evidence cff 1 should accrue thereby, to be ascertained in manner

Mr. iS’/eers, who.had surveyed the said Brook, and had therein mentioned* or in Default thereof, to be re-had Experience in such kind of Affairs, That the same covered by Action; and that the said Petitioner did, was very capable of being navigated, without any Detri- soon after* begin to make the said River navigable, ment to any-body: And he furthfer acquainted the which he has almost completed, and is willing, at his Committee, That, in the Towblhrp of Worsley, and foie Expence, fully to perfect; but that several Estates Neighbourhood thereabouts, there ^are several great and Interests, in all or greatest Part of the said Lands, Coal-mines,' which are imwrought at present; but being limited to Persons not in being, or to Infants or which, from the increased Demand for Coals, which Feme-coverts, or under some In tail or Settlement, fuel) would ensue from the Gheapness and Conveniency of Persons will not be bound by the Covenants in the said their Conveyance by Water, would soon be broke up, Indenture; whereof the said Petitioner, and the fevwal and fqpply-the.fteighbourinig Parts in greater Plenty other Parties, being sensible, have agreed, that the firid than can at present bedone, by reason of the Difficulties Indenture shall be of no Force, after the Passing of an and Delays attending the Carriage by Land, especially Act of Parliament relating to the Premises, except where ,the Roads are 'bad: Which his Evidence was only as to such Things as hlave been done before the confirmed, ini’ this Particular,'by that of the above- Making thereof; *nd representing to the House the named Mr. Smith: publick as well as particular Advantage of making the

Mr*. Steers further said, Tlrnt the said5Brotok being said River nayigable: And therefore praying, That made, navigable, there would be a Back-carriage froih Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for making the Manchester to Leverpoole, which would be of conliffer- said River navigable, at the foie Charge of the Petition-able Advantage to, that trading Country; &ffd gheatly er Joseph Goodman, from a little below the said Mill at extend the Benefits arising from the Navigation of the Barking, to the Bridge at Great Ilford; and that, in Rivers Mercy and Irwell, the^ Boats' which go rip to Consideration of the Charges the said Petitioner has Manchester being obliged for return* empty,' froth (the and will be at, in making the said River navigable, such present Difficulty of supplying the same with Coals, Toll may be appointed to be paid to the said Peti-Timber, and other Commodities, from the Town and tioner, by Boats and other Vessels navigating the said Neighbourhood of Worjley, so tlmt the Navigation River, with such Powers, and under such Restrictions, of the Brook being completed, the Goods and Mer- as to the House shall feera meet, chandizes. of the whole Neighbourhood thereabouts Ordered, Thjat tl\e said Petition be referred to the would, with Ease, fall down into the River IrtveU, and Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-thence proceed, or be there taken up, by Boats and amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it other Vessels, coming from Manchester, and carried shall appear to them, to the House: into several Parts of Lancajliire and Chef lire, to the And it is referred to Mr. Bramflon, Sir Charles Mor- general Advantage of the Country. daunt, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Pitt, Sir Nathanael

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Curzon, Mr. Cafar, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Yales, Sir making the River or*Brook, called Worsey Brook, navi- Francis Child, Mr. Lockwood, Sir John Rushout, Lord gable, from Worjley Milns, in the Township of Mvrfy, Sundon, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Medlycotl, Mr. Parsons,

Mr.

i o Geo. II. 90 — i o°

Mr. Gore, Mr. Hucks, Lord Wallingford, Mr. Price, Dr. I^ee, Mr. Hungerford, Sir John Heathcotr, Mr. Bevan, Nls.Houblon% M r. Patch, M v. Bar fax, M r. FI arhy, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Isi inz, Mr. Ashhy, Colonel Bladen, Sir Barnard, Sir Ji-f. Evict, Sir Geo. Caf call. Sir JFm. Heathcote, Mr. Alderman Pern;, Mr. Alderman Willimott, Mr. Walter Plainer, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Bromley, Kir. Bafhurjf, Mr. Thomas Pelham, Lord Noel Somerfrt, Lord Cornbury, Sir James Cam/ibcil, Mr. Newland, Mr. Thomas Gore, fjord Sidney Bcaitclcrk, Mr. Barrel, Mr. Turner, Mr. Robert Hurts, Mr. Laroche, Sir James Grant; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex, Middlesex, and City of lumdon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the S|*»kcTs Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

African A Petition of the Royal African Company of Englaml, Comtofty. being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty s Command, acquainted the House, That his Nlaj«-liy being informed of the Contents of the (hid Petition, recommends it to their Consideration.

Then the fail Petition was brought up, and rend; alleging. That the TIoufe hating, upon full Kxamina-tion and Consideration of the State or the Trade to Africa, granted, in the last Session of Parliament, the Sum of £. 10,000 towards the Maintenance of the British Fort s and Sett I. ments belonging t o t be Pet i ? toners there, the said Sum hath been applied accordingly: And it having ap|>eared to the House, that the said Forts and Settlements cannot be supported, and the Trade preserved, without the Aid of Parliament, therefore proving, That such further Provisions may be made in the rremifes as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie uj>on the Table.

Ordered, That the Royal Act ic-in Company of England do lay before this House the Edahlishment for their several Forts and Settlements ou the Coast of Africa, with the Charges thereof, for the Year 1736; didui guishing how much of the same is on the Account of Trade, and how much for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Forts and Settlements; and also, an Account how the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament, towards the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, hath been disposed of.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charges of the Royal African Company of England, for the Maintenance of the several British Forts and Settlements belonging to the said Company, on the Coast of Africa, for the Year 1737, be laid before this House.

Debton A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the

Petition. County Gaol of Hereford, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousand others, and also of all such who have fled into foreign Countries, for Fear of a Goal, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Vrayt The Order of the Day being read, for the House to caM’ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Refobed, That thisHouie will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Supply- The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Vol. 2*2.

Resolved, That this House will, nppq Friday Mori*-ing u(.xt, resolve itG If into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Niue of the Clock.

Jovis, 10° die Martii \

Anno io* Georgii II. Regis, 1736. Prayers.

A PETITION of the poor confined Debtors in the County Gaol of the County of Carnarvon, in North Wales, on their own Behalf, and many Thousands of others, and on behalf of many others fled beyond the Seas in Fear of a Prison, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distness: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Edward Dering reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, dwelling in the Towns of East Greenwich, Deptford, Leivf am, and on Black Heath, and in Lee, and Ellham, and other Parishes and Places Contiguous thereto, in the County of Kent, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the f nd Petition; and had directed him to report the fame1, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof,

An Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways leading from the Stones End in Kent-street, in the Parish of 67. George s, Southwark, in the County of Surry, to the Lime-kilns in East Greenwich, near Black Heath, and to Lewisham Church, being the Tunbridge Road, in the (bounty of Kent, was produced; whereby it appeared, that certain Tolls were granted for the Repair of the said Roads, for the Term of Eleven Years, from the 25th Day of March 1718:

Which lolls, by another Act, passed in the Sixth \ear of his said late Majesty’s Reign, also produced, were further continued for a further Term of Ten Years; and several other Roads, rieferibed in the lait-mentioned Act, were thereby directed to be repaired. Then the following Witness was examined;

Mr. Hrm. Radley, Clerk to the Trustees appointed by the said Acts: Who produced an Account, whereby it appeared, That the Sum of £. 4,904 had been borrowed, on the Credit of the aforesaid Tolls, which had been duly applied to the Repairs of the said Roads; and that there remained now due of that Sum £. 1,024, which cannot be repaid, and the necessary Repairs of the said Roads perfected, and the Roads kept in Repair, unless the Terms and Powers granted by the aforesaid Acts be further enlarged, and the said Acts made more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts, one made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways leading from the Stones End in Kent-street, in the Parish of St.Georges, Southwark,\n the County of Surry, to the Lime-kilns in East Greenwich, near Black Heath, and to Lewisham Church, and the other made in the Sixth Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Term granted by the said A6fc made in the Fourth Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, and for rendering the same more effectual: And that Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Papillon, Sir Christopher Powell, and Sir George Champion, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

L

Debtors

Petition.

Kent-street

Hoads.

788 10° Martii. 1736*

Plantation Mr. Pearfc, from the Commissioners of the Navy,

Iron. presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Copies of thefeveral Reports, made to the Commissioners of the Navy, by the Officers of his Majesty’s Yards, of the Trials of Iron imported from the Plantations.

And the-Title of the said Paper was read.

The said Copies are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, until the adjourned Debate of Thursday lad, upon the Question proposed for referring to a Committee the Petition of the Merchants and Ironmongers of this Kingdom, in behalf of themselves, and many others . trading to his Majesty’s Plantations in America, be resumed.

Old Mr. Cartwright presented to the House, according to SRoad°s. Order, a Bill for making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty QueenAnne, and the other of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford', in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Importation A Petition of sundry Iron-masters and Ironmongers, °America>,n *n themselves, and'many others trading to his Majesty’s Plantations in America, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Inhabitants of New England have, of late Years, erected several Forges and Sfitting-mills, and do yearly make a great deal of Bar Iron, and manufactureit into Axes, Nails, and sundry other kinds of Goods, and do now not only supply themselves with a great Part of their Nails, and other Iron Wares, but export great Quantities to many other of his Majesty’s Plantations, to the great Decay and Prejudice of the Iron Trade in this Kingdom, which, at this time, employs more People, and especially of the poor laborious Sort, than any other Trade, that of the Woollen Manufacture only excepted; and that, unless their Slitting-mills are destroyed, and some Stop put to their Manufacturing, our Trade mull soon be utterly ruined, and great Numbers of People, employed in the Making and Manufacturing of Iron, will be unavoidably deprived of the Means of their Subsistence: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the adjourned Debate of Thursday last, upon the Question proposed for referring to a Committee the Petition of the Merchants and Ironmongers of this Kingdom, in behalf of themselves, and many others trading to his Majesty’s Plantations in America, be resumed.

Lea A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Navigation. Inhabitants of the Town of Hertford, and of the Inhabitants of the Town of Ware, in the County of Hertford, and of several Farmers, Maltsters, and Barge Owners, living in or near the said Towns, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and several Hundreds of other Persons residing near to, and concerned in, the Navigation on the River Lea, running from Hertford to Ware, and from thence to the River of Thames, near the City of London, and of the Governor and Company of the New River brought from Chadwell and Amwetl to London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Navigation of the said River Lea is an ancient Navigation, and hath been very useful to the Publick, by conveying great Quantities of Grain, and other Goods, to and from the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof; and that the Petitioners, the Governor and Company of the New River, have usually had and taken, find still take, great Quantities of Water out of that Part of the River Lea which runs 20

from Hertford to Ware, for supplying the said Cities,

Suburbs, and Liberties thereof, with Watery touching which, many Controversies have arisen between thfe Petitioners the Governor and Company, and the Navigators, and other Persons concerned in the Navigation of the said River Lea, which have lately been accommodated; and that although the Settling of such Disputes will be of great Advantage to the Publick, by ascertaining and improving that Part of the Navigation on the River Lea running from Hertford to Ware, and will very much contribute to preserve and improve the Navigation of that Part which runs from Ware to the River of Thames, and enable the Petitioners the Go-, vernor and Company to supply the said Cities, Suburbs, and Liberties, with good and wholeforae Water, and tend very much to the Increase of Trade; yet such Agreement cannot be established and made effectual without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, that the House will please to give Leave to bring in a Bill for ascertaining, preserving, and improving the Navigation of the said River Lea-, and to enable the said Governor and Company the better to fUpply the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, with good Water.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Clarke, Mr. Ccefar,

Mr. Richard Plamer, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Lyttleton, Mr.

Brajfey, Mr. Treby, Mr. Wm. Plumer, Mr. Pollen, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Hay, Sir Thomas Hales, Admiral Stewart, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Houbhn, Mr.

Lijle, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Sevan, Mr. Laroche, Mr.

Huxley, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Mr, Griffith, Mr. Lloyd,

Mr. Newland, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Glanville,

Captain Martin, Colonel Duckett, Mr. Cosler, Mr.

Watts, Sir Abr. Elton, Mr. Edzvards, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Owen, Sir James Lowtlier, Mr. Jewkes, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Walker, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Horjmonden Turner, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Lewis, Mr.

Lockyer, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Sir Wm. Heaihcote, *S\xJohn Heathcote, Sir James Campbell, Sir Robert Monroes Mr. Yorke, Sir James Grant, Mr. Kent, Mr. Hucks,

Mr. Drummond, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Afdey; and all the Members who serve for the.Counties of Hertford, Essex,

Middlesex, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr.

Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Jamerf to enable Antony James Esquire, and his Heirs Male, Nume-and other Persons therein mentioned, to take and use the Surname of Keck, pursuant to the Will of Antony Keck Gentleman, deceased, without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Puc^*1 for naturalizing Joseph Pouchon, without any Amend- a meat: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Magen*', for naturalizing Nicolas Magens, John Timmerman, and Theodore Davell, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Purtot* inclosing and dividing certain Common Pasture Grounds IncWui*. called Purton Common, and Purton Soak Common, within the Parish of Purton, otherwise Puritan, in the County of Wilts: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Alderman Per?^ reported from the Committee, to St.Catherin whom the Petition of the Reverend Alexander Chalmers,

Clerk, urc

io Geo. II. io'

Clerk, M after of Arts, Rector, Alexander Jonston and Starkey Mayo Gentlemen, Churchwardens, and also of the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Catherine Coleman, London, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after wards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof, the Petitioners called,

Mr. Henry Filtcroft, Mr. W?n. Cooper, and Mr. John James, Surveyors: Who, being severally examined, said, That, at the Desire of many of the Inhabitants, they had surveyed the Parish Church of St. Catherine Coleman, which is a very ancient Fabrick, and at first built with. Chalk and Rubble; but is now so decayed in the Walls, Roof, Tower, and other Parts of it, that the same is in a ruinous and dangerous State.

That the South and East Walls are split in many Places; and the South Wall hangs over the Churchyard, and is held in by Timbers laid acrose the Church, to prevent its falling: That the East Wall is in a worse State than that on the South; and the North Wall, though backed with the Houses in the Street, shews itself to be very infirm; and the Rubble Walls of the Tower are fra&ured in many Places, so that no Part either of the Walls, Roof, or Tower, is fit to be repaired; and that, in their Opinion, the said Church and Tower ought to be taken down, and rebuilt.

Then they produced an Estimate of the Charge for rebuilding the said Parish Church; by which it appeared, That, upon a moderate Computation, to complete the same in a liibftantial and workmanlike Manner, it w ill amount to the Sum of <£. 2,942 or thereabouts.

And it appealed to the Committee, That the Inhabitants of the said Parish have expended and laid out considerable Sums of Money towards the Repairs of their said Church.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church of St. Catherine Coleman, in Fenchurch-street, in the City of London: And that Mr Alderman Perry, Mr. Papillon, and Mr. Alderman Willimot, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

-olehefter A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Assistants, and Streets. Common Council, of the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, in behalf of themselves, and other the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and the Liberties thereof, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, for several Years last past, the Pavements of the Streets and Lanes in the said Town, and Liberties thereof, have been decaying, and are now in so bad and ruinous a Condition, and so covered with Dirt and Filth, and so many Nuisances daily happen therein, that it is dangerous to Persons passing and repassing in and about the said Town, a Mile of which Pavement is in the -direct lioad from London to Harwich; and that the same must remain in such Condition, unless some farther Power is given and granted to compel the Repair thereof, there not being sufficient Power in the Laws now in being effectually to remedy the fame; and that the Streets there may be enlightened at a small Expence, to the great Convenience of the Petitioners; and that the Watch and Ward, which is now let and kept there, pursuant to the Statute of Winchester, is of little or no life, and of a confid€vable Expence to the Inhabitants of the said Town: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given tq bring in a Bill to impower the Mayor and Justices of the Peace for the said Town, and Liberties thereof, to order the cleaning, repairing and amending, the Pavements of the said Streets and Lanes, and enlightening the fame, and to appoint a Watch at such Times, and in such Manner as the House shall think proper; and that the Money to be raised for the Purposes aforesaid, be raised by such Ways and Means as the House shall think fit.

Vol. 22.

' Martii. 789

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Captain Martin, Mr. Houblon,

Mr. Papillon, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Pcarfe, Sir James Grant, Mr. f Fuller, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. May,

Mr. Digby, Mr. Gore, Colonel Onslow, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Mr, Laroche, Mr Holden, Mr. Brqfjey, Sir Thomas Clarke, Sir Wm. Clayton, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr.

Crosse, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Longuevilk, Mr Toxvnjhtnd,

Mr. IJorfmonden Turner, Mr. Phillip fan, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Ashby, Sir Gee. Beaumont, Sir Cordell Firebrace, Mr. Pturner, Mr. Yorke,

Mr. Br artist on, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Gy b bon. Sir JoJ. Pennington, Captain Baker, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Hume Campbell; and all the Members w ho serve for the Counties of Essex, Suffolk and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and

Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Vane be added to the Committee, Wear to whom the Petition of the Commissioners of the River Navigation. Wear, and Port and Haven of Su?2derland, in the County of Durham, w hole Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Mr. Crosse reported from the Ccfmmittee to whom the Wicheihaufen*# Bill for naturalizing Godfrey Wichelhaufen and John &c*Nat" Francis Noppe was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had considered the Petition of John Stephen Maffon, to them referred, and had examined the Allegations thereof, and found the same to be true; and thereupon had made several Amendments to the Bill; which the Committee had directed him to report to the House, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Misappli-Poor, and great Numbers of the Inhabitants, of the several cation of Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields, the Liberty of County Saffron-hill, Hatton-garden, and Ely-rents, in the Parish Rates* of St. Andrew Holborn, St. Dunst an Stepney, St Paul Shadwell, St. Anne in Middlesex, St. Sepulchre s in Middlesex, St. Luke Middlesex, and St. James Clerkenwell 'in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Parishes of the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the' Justices of the Peace for the said County having, for many Years last past levied very large Sums of Money on the Petitioners, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said County, under colour of passing Vagrants, repairing Bridges, contributing to Hospitals and Almshouses, relieving maimed Soldiers and Mariners, and the poor Prisoners in the King's Be.ich and Marshalsea, and under divers other Pretences; and the Petitioners having just and sufficient Grounds to believe that great Part of the said Money has not been applied to the Purposes for which it was pretended to be raised, but that the same has been notoriously misapplied and embezzled by several of the said Justices, and their Agents, as the Petitioners do not doubt but they can be able to make appear to the Satisfaction of the House, the respective Parishes and Divisions of this County have been grievously burdened and oppressed with very heavy, and* as the Petitioners conceive, illegal Taxes and Assessments: And, as the Petitioners have no effectual Method of Redress against the Persons concerned in the raising, receiving, and disposing of, the said Money, excepting only by Application to Parliament, without whose Aid and In-

9 P terposition

79° 10° Mar tit. -^.173 <5.

lerposition they apprehend themselves to be continually liable to the like Hardships and Impositions, therefore praying, That the House would vouchsafe to inquire into the Application of the said Money, and into the Conduct of those who have had the Disposition of the lame; and grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall Teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it lliu.ll appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pultency, Mr. Croffc, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Attorney General, Lord Sundon, Mr. Laroche»Sir IVm. Heathcote, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Sir Eras Philips, Sir IVm. Clayton, Mr. Clay-'ton, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Robert Hticks, Mr. Hucks, Sir James Lott ther, Mr. Walker, Mr. Clutter buck, Mr. Lloyd, Lord Gage, Sir Thomas J>yttelton, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Sir IVm Jolfffe, Mr. Wmmngton, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Bevan, Mr. St. John, Sir Jim. Jlcntworth, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Byng, Sir Thomas Clarke, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Wollaston, Lord Pohcorth, Mr. Dr ax. Sir Jof Pennington, Mr. Pollen, Mr Wat. Wins. Wynne, Mr. Copies ton. Si y Charles Mor daunt y Dr. Lex, Mr Hooper, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Hay, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Pelham, Sir Thomas Sander fun, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Earle, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir James Grant, Lord Baltimore, Lord Cornbury, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Fydell, Mr. Comic all, Mr. Waller, Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bold, Sir John Shelley, Mr. Craze ley, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Alderman Willi-mot, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Ccifar, Mr. Archer, Lord Limerick; and all the Members w ho lerve for the County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all that come are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Petition of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, in their General Sessions assembled, which was presented to the House upon Thursday the Third Day of this instant March, and ordered to lie upon the Table, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

St. Andrew A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Parishes

N^hti ^n(^rew Hdborn above the Bars, St. George the

\Yatd/&c Martyr, and the Liberty of Saffron-hill, Hatton Garden, and Ely-rents, within the said Parish of St. Andrew Holborn, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the keeping a Sufficient, strong, and well-regulated Watch, in the Night-time, within the said Parishes, will at all times be of great Importance for the Preservation of the Persons and Properties of the Inhabitants of the same; and is at this time become so much the more necessary, as the Number of Burglaries, Robberies, and other Outrages and Disorders, have, of late, much increased, to the great Terror of his Majesty's good and peaceable Subjects; and that the Petitioners conceive, by the Laws now in being, no effectual Provision is made for the establishing, ordering,. or well governing, any such Nightly Watch, or for the due levying and collecting any Sums of Money for defraying the ne-celfary Charges thereof, or for enforcing a due Application, and just Account, of any Monies so levied and collected for that Purpose: And therefore, in order to remedy the Mif-chiefs and Inconveniencies aforesaid, praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the said Parishes of St. Andrew TIolborn above the Bars, St. George the Martyr, and the Liberty of Saffron-hill, Hat ton-garden and Ely-rents, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine

the Matter thereof; and report the Tame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Francis Child, Mr. Winwng-lon, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Lloyd, Mr Walker, Mr. Richard Uoijd, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Sir John Shelley, Mr.

White, Mr. Houblon, Sir Robert Grofcenor, Mr. Watts,

Mr. Coster, Mr. Hacks, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Tracy, Lord Gage, Mr.

Croffc, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Wm. Ilcalhcote, Mr. Laroche,

Mr. Coplcston, Mr. Huxley, Sir James Campbell, Mr.

Wollaston, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Bradshaw, Mr. Conolly,

Mr. May, Sir John Rushout, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir James Grant, Lord Siuidon, Mr.

Harley, Mr. Brumston, Mr. Archer, Sir Geo. Champion,

Mr. Horfmonden Turner, Lord Pohcurth, Mr. lleath-cote, Mr. Cholmondeley, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Harvey,

Sir Thomas Clark, Sir Chr. Powell, Mr. Bevan, Mr.

Dr ax, Mr. Dalle, Lord Baltimore, Lord Noel Somerset,

Captain Martin, Sir Thomas Aston, Mr. Ashby, Mr,

'Thomas Gore; and all the Members who serve for the County of Middlesex, and the C'ity of London: And they are to mee t this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Pa pel's, and Records.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, purfdarit Half-pay to their Address to his Majesty, a List of the reduced Oiticers&u. Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines intitled to receive Half*pay in Great Britain, with an Lftimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1737.

And he also acquainted the House, That he had received his Majesty‘s Commands to lay before this House, a List of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Lund Forces and Marines who died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who' were married to them before the 25th Day of December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1737.

And lie presented the said Lifts to the House accordingly.

And the Titles of the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lilts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Sir James Campbell presented to the House, according Amoving-to Order, a Bill to enable James Rollo, only Son of Ro- Rollo's Drf-bert Rollo, late of Perm house, deceased to lue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reai’on of his laid Attainder, to take or inherit any real or perfoml Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, piayhouses of the University of Cambridge, was presented to the mPrecinfti House, and read; setting forth, That a House hath lately been built, within the Precin6ls of the University, for the bridge. Acting of Plays and Interludes, and hath accordingly been made use of for that Purpose, notwithstanding the Vice Chancellor and Heads of Colleges, did discourage, and, to the utmost of their Power, endeavour to prevent, the building the said House; and that many Inconveniencies and Mischiefs will arise, and the Manners of the Youth committed to their Care be in great Danger of being corrupted, if Playhouies should be established amongst them; and that the Petitioners arc not impowered, by any Law now in being, effectually to prevent the Establishment of such Houses: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more efte6lual preventing the unlawful Playing of Interludes within the Precincts of the University of Cambridge, and the Places adjacent:

And

Westmi niter Abbey.

Wolverhampton

Kgads.

African

Company.

IO GfiO. II.

io° Martii.

791

An<l that Mr. To* njhcnd, and Mr. JCafolc, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the I)eun and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Pcicr. // c'tminster, being offered to be presented to the House;

.Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, 'Hint his Majesty, being itiformeil of the Contents oi the said Petition, recommends it to their Considerution.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting tortli, That the said Co legi.ite Church came into the Hands of the First Dean and Chapter unftnished; and by Ixngth of d ime, and Had.ids of the Materials, became lo decayed and ruinous, that, in the Eighth and Ninth of // iliunn the Third, in regard to its being of ancient and Koval Foundation, an annual Sum, for a certain Term of Years, un* gr.mt<s| by Parliament, towards repairing the fame, under the Direction of the (Chancellor of the Fa el a quer, the DjmI Chief Justice of the King's Pamch, and the Dean of Westminster, who were ap|>ointed Commi(li< n< rs lor that Pur|M>fe: and that, by an Act, passed in the Ninth of Queen Anne, a Sum of J£. 4,000per Annum, for a certain Number of Years was granted to the said CommMhomis towards repairing an I tinishing the said Collegint Church, and the Chapels of the same; and that, in order to the Fimlhing of it as directed by Parliament, Sir ( hristnpher Wren. the then Surveyor, formed a Delicti of erecting a Got hick Spin* on the Middle 'lower, a Mcxlel of which be then prepared. and is now in the Hands of the Church of Hest-minster: and that, by Arts passed in the Sixth, Seventh, and Eighth, of his preli nt Majiltv. Three levrivd Sums of mL .4,01x1 each ear hath Ixcti illucd and applied to-wairh rnrrving on the fud Work; and an Arrount, how tlw same has been expended, has be en auuually laiii Ik lore tills iloufe; and that Time Pail* in Four of the ink ndrd Repairing and Finishing are now jxn lifted; and all tin* Monies granted, as afore la id, being exfxmded, the said Works are now at a fund; And submitting the Premises to the Coulicteration of the House; and acknowledging the Favours liiat have lxx*n ulrrady conferred on the said Collegiate Church, ns well by the present as by Ibrmcr Parliaments, ami praying for the Continuance thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referreilto the Consideration of the ( oinmittee of the w hole House, to whom it is referied to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Lcvcfon Goner presented to the House, a Kill for repairing the Roads from the End of a Dine adjoining to Sutton Colejicld, in the Parish of Aldrich, and County of Staff ord, to Wolverhampton, and from Gibbet-lane to Wolverhampton, and from thence to Shifnal, Bridgnorth, and Next port, in the County of Salop; and from Stafford to Wolverhampton, and from thence to a place called the Seven Stars, in the Road to Worcester; and from Wolverhampton, through Sedgly, to Queen's Cro/s, at the End of the Town of Dudley, in the County of IWorcester: And the same was received.

The House being informed, That the Accomptant General of the African Company attended at the Door;

lie was called in; and, at the Rar, presented to the iloufe, pursuant to their Order, the Establishment of the Royal Af rican Company of England\ for their several Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, with the Charges thereof, for the Year 1736, distinguidling how much of the same is on account of Trade, and how much for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Forts and Settlements; and also, an Account how the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament, towards the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, hath been disposed of: And also,

An Estimate of the Charge of the Royal African Company of England, for the Maintenance of the several Vol 22.

British Forts and Settlements belonging to the said Company, on the Coast of Africa, for the tear 1737.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Establishment and Estimate were read.

Ordered, That the said Establishment and Estimate do lie upon the 'Fable, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Eftahlishment and Estimate are bound up with the

other Papers of this Scflioiu

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Exc, fc 00 House, an Account, shewing the Net Produce of the Alead# Excise upon Mead for Four Years last palt.

The ()rder of the Day being read;

'Flic House resumed the adjourned Debate of Thursday Importation last, upon the Question proposed for referring to a Com- ,ro? trom~ mittcethe Petition of the Merchants and Ironmongers of Amenca* this Kingdom in beluilf of themselves and many others trading to his Majesty’s Plantations in America.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it flia.il appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Perry, Lord Gage,

Mr. Ilanbury Williams, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Foley, Mr.

Pelham. Mr. Edgcumb, Mr. 1 Finning ton, Mr. Tracey,

Mr. Walker, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Fere, Sir Abr. Elton, Mr. Limgueville, Mr. Purvis, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Crofft, Mr.

Turner, Mr. Phillip fan, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Forrester,

Mr. Whitworth, Sir Thomas Lyttelton, Mr. Bathurst,

Ijord Snation, Mr. Archer, Mr. Fane, Mr. Chctxcynd, Sir J!ichard C orbett, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gi/b-ben, Mr. Stert. Mr. Walpole, Mr. Whitmore, Lord I ere Bnuu Jerck. Mr Hales, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Earle, Mr.

Edwards, Mr. Grove, Mr. Herbert, Sir John Shelley, Mr.

/Caller, Mr Bowles, Brigadier Bowles, Mr. Edward Foley,

Mr. Shuttle-north, Lord Limerick, Sir. Coster, Sir I Cm.

Stapleton, Sir John Kay, Mr. Harley, Sir James Grant,

Sir James Campbell> Sir Hum. Houarth, Lord Noel Sower set, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Secretary at War, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Brereton, Sir Wilf rid Laxvfon, Mr. Hay,

Mr. Alderman lVillhnot, Mr. Shippen, Lord Morpeth,

Mr. Wat. ICms. Wynne, Mr. Roxcney, Mr. Bance, Mr.

Clavering, Mr. lux, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Gore, Mr. Holland,

Sir Miles Stapt/lion, Mr. Kent, Mr. Oglethorpe, Sir Eras.

Philips, Sir Thomas Sanderson, Sir Charles Wager, Mr.

Digby, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Cholmondilcy, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr.

Worsley, Lord Sidney Beauclerck, Mr. Lcvcfon Gower,

Mr. If i/fon, Sir Henry Gough, Mr. Master, Air. llaxclin-fan Earle: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all that come are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the several Petitions which have been presented to the House, and ordered to lie upon the Table until the said adjourned Debate be resumed, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That the Copies of the several Reports made to the Commissioners of the Navy, by the Officers of his Majesty s Yards, of the Trials of Iron imported from the Plantations, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Heathcote have Leave Regulating to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock. Watermen,

And he moved accordingly: And presented to the House,

A Petition of the Rulers, Auditors, and Assistants, of the Company of Watermen and Lightermen, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Company: Which was read; letting forth, That by an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That no Wherryman or

Waterman

&c.

792 ioe — i

Waterman should take any Apprentice unless of the Age of Eighteen Years attheleait, except the Son of a Waterman, who might betaken Apprentice at the Age of Sixteen Years; and that, in pursuance of another Act, passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, several Rules, Orders and Conltitu-tions, were, by the said Company, made and confirmed, in the manner thereby prescribed; One of which directs, " That no Waterman shall have more than One Appren-c< tice at one time; nor shall be capable of taking any " Apprentice until such Master hath been a Freeman " Seven Years; nor shall take a Second Apprentice till " his First be dead, or the Term expired; and that no " Lighterman shall take any Apprentice, until he is a " real Owner of Two Lighters, nor shall have any more " than One Apprentice atone time;" under the Penalties therein mentioned; and that, by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, the said Clause in the l ft of King James the lft, and the said recited Rule, Order, and Constitution, and all and every other Rule, Order, and Constitution, made for restraining any Waterman, Wherry man, and Lighterman, taking and breeding Apprentices, were repealed, and made void; and that, by a Clause in another Act,-of the same Year of her said late Majesty’s Reign, it is enacted, That in case any Waterman, Bargeman, Wherry man, or Lighterman, being duly summoned, by leaving Notice in Writing, at the Place of his usual Abode, in pursuance of Notice given to the said Company of Watermen by the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, shall not appear before the Rulers of the said Company within Ten Days after such Summons to be sent on board the Royal Fleet; such Person, being convicted thereof, is to suffer One Month's Imprisonment, and to be disabled from working on the River Thames, or enjoying any of the Privileges of the said Company, for Two Years; and that, in consequence of the said Act of the Fourth of Queen Anne, great Numbers of such Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, for the Sake of small Sums of Money, have taken Apprentices at Twelve and Thirteen Years of Age, not having Strength, nor being of Size, sufficient for the Labour required in such Occupation; and have taken more than they had Employment for, so that the Number of Masters and Apprentices is increased to upwards of Eight thousand; am!, many such Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, having no settled Habitation, or Place of Abode, such Apprentices are not only unskilful, but too frequently become vagrant, idle, and profligate; by means whereof the Lives and Goods of Passengers have been, and are frequently, in imminent Danger, and often lolt; and many Robberies have been, and arc daily, committed on the said River; and the good Intention of the said Laws has not been answered, in providing able and fuflficient Seamen for the Royal Navy; in that many of them are unlit, or of very little Use, when employed in the Service of the said Royal Navy; and in that many of such Watermen, having no settled Place of Abode or Residence, the Summons for their Appearance before the Rulers of the Company cannot be served in the manner directed by the said last recited Act; whereby they avoid the Penalty, they are thereby liable to, and withdraw and hide themselves in secret Places, at Times of the greatest Necessity for their Service; so that it has often happened, when Five hundred have been summoned, not Fifty have appeared, to be sent on board the Fleet: Aud therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into . Consideration; and that Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill to limit the Number of Apprentices to he taken by each Waterman, Wherryman, or Lighterman; to ascertain at what Age they shall be bound; and to reltraiu any Waterman, Wherryman, or Lighterman, from taking any Apprentices whatsoever, unless he shall have some known or settled Place of Abode, in such manner as to the House shall lean meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine eo

i° Martii. A. 1736.

the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Heath cote, Mr.

Corbett, Mr. Alderman IVillimott, Mr. Winning ton,

Mr. Berkeley, Mr Geo. Fox, Mr. Hucks, Captain Baker,

Lord Limerick, Mr. Sandy v, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Fere Beaudcrck, Lord Sidney Beaudcrck, Mr. Oglethorpe,

Mr. Byng, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Pcarfe, Captain Purvis,

Mr. Dig by, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Fox, Mr.

Jloll and, Captain Martin, Lord John Sackville, Sii: lla i. Gough, Mr. Brams ton, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Coster, Mr. Robert Hacks, Mr. Brer el on, Lord Wallingford, Mr. Talbot,

Mr. Turner, Mr. Kent, Mr. Neal, Colonel Onslow; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Leveson Gower have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

A Bill for repairing the Roads from the End of a Lane Wolrer-adjoining to Sutton Colcfield, in the Parish of Aldrich, and hampton County of Stafford, to Wolverhampton, and from Gibbet- Roads.

lane to Wolverhumpton, and from thence to Shifnal, Bridgnorth, and Newport, in the County of Salop, and from Stafford to Wolverhampton; and from thence to a Place, called the Seven Stars, in the Road to Worcester; and from Wolverhampton, through Sedgely, to Queen's Cross, at the End of the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, n° die Martii;

Anno 10° Georgii IT1 Regis, 1736.

Prayers.

AP E T IT I O N of the Proprietors and Inhabi- j|e(j.LV0Q tants of the Houses in Red-lyon-fljuare, in the square County of Middlesex, whole Names are thereunto sub- improvement, feribed, was presented to the Iioule, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners are delirous, and have agreed, to clean and adorn the Ground of the said Square, now lying in great Disorder, and are willing-to contribute to the Charge thereof; but that a Sufficient Sum for this Work, and for keeping the said Square in Repair after the same shall be so cleansed and adorned, cannot be raised without the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the present and future Proprietors and Inhabitants of the said Houses to make a Rate upon themselves, for railing Money sufficient to clean and adorn the said Square, and to keep the same in Repair; or that the Petitioners may be otherwise enabled to eflfeft the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:.

And it is referred to Mr. Life, Sir Francis Boynton,

Mr. Gybbon, Sir Geo.Champion, Mr, Worjley, Mr. Watts,

Mr. Yorkc, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Laroche,

Sir James Campbell, Lord Limerick, Mr. Treby, Mr.

Earl, Mr. Cholmondeley, Sir James Grant, Mr. Par-fans, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Gregory, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Longueville, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Archer,

Mr. Corbet, Mr. Beaghan, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Campbell,

Colonel Ducket, Sir John Kay, Sir Jof Pennington, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Ball, Mr. Harris,

Mr. Huxley, Mr. Gildart, Captain Martin, Mr. Plump-tre, Mr. Coster, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Carmichael, Sir John Cope, Sir Chr. Powell, Brigadier Handafyde, Air.

Brawn,

Knit Street fffudi

Wmrdltr

Rowl*.

Pwton

ladoOue.

io Geo. II. i i° Martii.

793

Drawn, Mr. Ojbatdiston, Mr. Packer, Mr. Eduards; ami all the Members who serve for llic County of Middlejcs: Ami they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamlier: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. IT hit worth and Mr. May be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for inlurging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts, one made in the Fourth Year of t!ic Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highway* leading from the Stones End in Kent-street, in the Parish of St. George's* Southwark, in the County of Surry, to the Lime-kilns in East Greenwich, near Black heath, and to Lacisham Church; and the other, made in the Sixth Year of his laid late Majesty s Reign, for inlurging die Term granted by the said A ft mode in the Fourth Year of his said Majesty s Reign, and for rendering the same more dfeftual.

A Bill for inlarging the Term granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roods, therein mentioned, leading into the City of fWorcester, and for repairing several other Roads lying contiguous to the liunc, was read a Second time.

Residved, That tin* Bill be committed to Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gybbon. Mr. Laroche, Lord Pahrarth, Sir Nathanael Curzon. Mr. Yorke, Mr. Wilkinjbn, Mr. Lijlc, Mr. Wort icy, Mr. Longuccillc, Sir James Grant, Mr. LocLn'ood. Mr. Hampden, I>r. Lee, Mr. Plumptrc, Mr. Huwzerford, Mr. Ratrnry, Mr Archer, Mr. /J inning ton. Sir Chan es Mnr daunt. Sir. Whitworth. Lord Morpeth, Sir James Campbell, Sir John Kay, Sir Thomas Ijcc, Mr. Hue.*, Mr. Pitt. Mr. Harley, Sir Nicolas Hilltmns, Mv. Corbttt, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Archer, Mr. Bold, Mr. Crawley, Sir Jcr. Dovers, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Hay, Mr. Bcaghan, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Kent. Mr Haller, Mr. Croft; and all the Members who lerve for the Comities of Worcester, Gloucester. Hereford, Stafford, and Salop: And they are to m<*et this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing certain Common Paftnre Grounds called Pur ton Common, and Purton Stock Common, within the Parish of Purton, otherwise Puriton, in the County of Wilts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

That the Sum received was -

And the Sum paid was -

Mr. Kirkpatrick reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Provost, Baillies, Dean of Guild, and Treasurer, of the Town of Dumjries, for themselves, and in the Name at the Town Council and Community thereof and also the Petition of the Merchants, Owners, and Masters of Ships, in the Town of Dumjries, were referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after* wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have examined the Matter of the said Petitions:

And, to prove the Allegations contained in the First Petition, the Agents far the Petitioners produced, and laid before the Committee,

An Act of Parliament, passed in the 3d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First; whereby it appeared, That a Duty of IVo Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peuy Sterling, was laid upon every Pint of Ale or Beer that should be vended or sold within the Town of Dumfries, and Privileges thereof, far paying the Debts of the said Town, and for building a Church, and making a Harbour; and the several Powers by the said Act granted, were to commence from the First Day of June 1717, and to continue for 1 q Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Then the Agents for the Petitioners called,

Mr. James Carrie: W ho, being examined, said, That a considerable Sum of Money was borrowed, at interest, on the Credit of ti»e aforesaid AS; which Money was laid out in building a commodious new Chtirch, wherein Divine Service hath been performed, and Provision made for the Maintenance of the Minister.

And it appeared, by the said Mr. Corrie's Evidence, That the Money collected by the said Duty has been duly applied towards paying the Debts formerly owing by the Town, as directed by the said Act; hut there frill remained not only a considerable Part of those Debts undischarged, but a large Debt hath since bee*> contrafted, in carrying on the publick Works of the said Town.

Then he laid before the Committee, an Abstract of an Account taken from, and compared by him, with the Town Books, of what Money had been received and paid from the First of July 1717 to the First of August 1736; by which it appears,

£. s. d.

.....3>989 6 4

.....3*9*6 9

So there remained io the Treasurer s Hands but -

And the said Mr. Corrie allb laid before the Committee, an attested Copy of £. x. d.

State of the Town Debts, and their Revenues, which, he said, he had compared with the Town Books; by which it appears, that the Debt, now due and owing by the said Town on Mortgages and Bonds, amounts to 3*740 11 if

The Interest of that Sum per Annum is -

Paid for Stipends to Ministers ——

The Salaries and Incidents paid yearly -

So the yearly Expence is- ——

But the yearly Rents and Annuities received by the Town, to make good the Payment of the said JO. 814. 5*. 2hd amounts to more than -

Whereby it appears, that there is a Debt incurred'yearly of -

2 17 2

187 — 6i 205 11 1

421 13 7

814 5 2*

688 14 3 125 10 ui

And Mr. Corrie further gave Evidence, That the Prison, Council-house, and Part of the old Church, which were in a ruinous Condition, have been rebuilt, and several other necessary works done by the Town; but their whole Revenue will not be sufficient to pay the Interest of the Debt owing, and support their other necessary Expences.

And be laid, That the publick School-house is now become so very ruinous, that it rnuft be rebuilt; and that it is necessary other publick Works, now decayed, should be repaired, and that the Navigation of the River should Vo l.2S.

be improved; which Navigation, he said, is now so dangerous, that the Trade 01 the said Town has, of late Years, suffered thereby; and that very lately Two Ships, with their Cargoes, from Virginia, had been loft there. Then, in order to make good the Allegations of the Second Petition,

Mr. Ccrrfeacquainted the Committee, That an Estimate had been made of such Repairs as are necessary to be done to the Harbour belonging to the said Town, which, upon a moderate Computation, will amount to the Sum of 9Q £.2toooo;

Dumfries

Town

Improvement.

o

794

£ 2?oooo; and, when such Repairs are finished and completed, Ships may ride at Anchor there with Safety; but, as the Town is not able to defray that Expence, the Merchants are willing and desirous, that a small Duty shall be laid on the Tonage of Shipping coming into the said Harbour, and a Duty on all Goods imported and exported; and the Money arising thereby, should be applied towards improving the Navigation of the River, and in making the Harbour safe and commodious for Shipping.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

continuing an Act, passed imthe Third Year of the Reign

of his late Majesty King George the First, for laying a

Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny

Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be

vended or sold within the Town of Dumfries, and

Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Town,

and for building a Church, and making a Harbour, there;

and for laying a Duty on the Tonage of Shipping, and a

Duty on Goods imported and exported into and out of

the said Tow n, for the better Repairing of the said Harbour:

And that Mr. Kirkpatrick, Sir James Nafmyth, the Lord

Advocate of Scotland, and Mr. Fall, do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Preventing Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Stock- to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House,

jobbing. Upon to continue an Act, made in the Seventh

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the infamous Practice of Stockjobbing, be now' read:

And the same being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. SpeakdV left the Chair.

Sir John Rushout took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

1 ' Sir John Rushout reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directced him to report, when the House will pieale to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Harvey ’s A Petition of John Thursby Esquire, heretofore called

Name. John Harvey, was presented to the House, and read;

setting forth, That William Thursby, of Abbington, in the County of Northampton, Esquire, deceased, by his last Will and Testament, bearing Date on or about the 30th Day of July 1700, devised and limited his Manors, Lands, and Tenements (particularly mentioned in his said Will), to such Persons, and in such Manner, as that the Petitioner is now become seised of an Estate Tail therein, to him, and his Heirs Male; but that the several Estates, created by the said Will, are limited, upon Condition that the Persons who shall become seised of the Premises by Way of Remainder, in Possession, shall take and use the Surname of Thursby, and the Arms of the Thursby s, ' of Essex: And that the Petitioner hath, in Gratitude to

the said William Thursby, and in Compliance with the Condition contained in the said Will, taken upon himself, and used, the Surname and Arms; and is desirous that the same may be-estabblhed and confirmed in and upon him, and his Heirs Male, by the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable him, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the said Surname and Arms, agreeable to the Tenor of the said Will.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Compton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Pigott, and Mr. Cartwright, do prepare, arid bring in, the fame.

Soar A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, Navigation. of countjes of Leicester and Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petition presented to this House, for making the River Soar navigable from Radcliffe upon Soar, contiguous to the Trent, up to Leicester, if passed into a Law, will be ^15

173 6*

very prejudicial to the Landholders, within the said Counties; and that a large Tract. of Meadow Ground, containing many Thousand Acres, besides Arable and Pasture, lying on the River Soar, will be much more liable to be overflowed, by raising the Water with Locks and Flood-gates, which are oftentimes broke down by great Floods; and great Discouragement will fail upon the Breeders of large Horses for Draught, and the publick Service, in time of War; and that there is a Navigation within Twelve Miles of the Place whither it is intended to be carried; and that bringing in great Quantities of Deals, and foreign Timber, will low'er the Price, of the "Woodlands, and discourage Planting; and that these, and other Injuries greatly apprehended, will render the Landholders unable to pay the Taxes, and Parliamentary Subsidies: And therefore praying the Floufe to do therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingossed Bill for naturalizing Gods rey Wichelhaujen wicbcibausarj and John Francis Noppe, was read the Third time. &c* all

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Godfrey Wichelhaujen, John Francis Noppe, and John Stephen Majfon.

Ordered, That Mr. Crojfe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Philip Afchcough Clerk, Rector, Edmund St. Olave Browne, Daniel Alexander, and William Lcjfoe, Church- S£ilhufk warden of the Parish of St, Olave, lying in the City of London, and Borough of Southwark, in the County of Suny, and other Inhabitants of the said Parish, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Church of the said Parish is a very ancient Fabrick, and that considerable Sums of Money have been laid out in repairing and supporting the fame; notwithstanding which, Part thereof is lately fallen down, and the remaining Part, which is now standing, is in a very ruinous Condition, and, in the Opinion of able Workmen, who have surveyed the fame, is absolutely necessary to be rebuilt: And therefore praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Parishionera'of the said Parish to rebuild the said Church, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Robert Hacks, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir James Grant, Lord Gage, Sir Miles Stajrylton, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Hunger ford\

Sir Wm. Joliffe, Mr. Earle, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Wm*

Hacks, Mr. Laroche, Mr. White, Mr. Holland, Mr.

Ball, Sir John Heathcote, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr.

Archer, Sir Wm. Heathcote, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Cornwall,

Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Ord, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Cafar, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Plumptre,

Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Hen. Archer, Mr. Thomas Archer, Mr. Tower, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Hume Campbell, Sir Rowland Alston, Mr. Hay, Mr. Neal,

Sir John Molesworth, Sir Abr. Elton, Mr. Hampden,

Captain Gough, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Bijfc,

Mr. Polhill, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Fox, Sir Robert Clifton; and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and County of Surry: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of George Sefon, of Barns, Esquire, was Rem0ving presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Seton’i the Petitioner was unhappily seduced, in the Year 1715, to join in the Rebellion at that time raised in Scotland; a,n was made Prisoner at Pirston, and afterwards tryed at London; where he was one of the First that pleaded guilty, and thereupon was attainted of High Treason; anti that,

. thereby,

ri° Martiu

o

io Geo. II. ii° — i Mar hi.

795

thereby, and by One or more Act or Acts of Parliament, all the real and Personal Estate of the Petitioner became forfeited, and veiled in Trustees. for the lTfe of the Public; and that, by an Art, made in the Third Year of his late Majesty Kim; George the First, intituled, An Act for the Kind's mull erariou> general fan* Pardon, the Petitioner was pardoned, and discharged of and from Imprisonment, and I Ai cution ol his Pci ion, on inch Attainder, hut excluded from any other Benefit of the said Act; and that the Petitioner liavine endeavoured, uj>on all Occufiuns, to atone lor his puli Offence, by a peaccuhleand dutiful Behaviour, his said late Majesty* by his Royal Pardon, bearing Date the 20th of July, in the Seventh Year of his Reign, was graciously pleated, so far as lie legally could, to rc-store the Petitioner, and his Pofierity, to the free and peaceable Pofilflion and Fnjoyment of all Kftulcs real and personu! that might thereafter dtlccnd or come, in Right of Succession to him, or be acquired by him; but that, notwithstanding this his said late Majesty's gracious Intention and Pardon, the Petitioner apprehends, and is advised, that he does lull lie under the Incapacities and Difubilitics occasioned by reason of his said Attainder; and that he cannot maintain any Action or Suit, or Like, transmit, or inherit, any real or perfomil Estate; and is thereby excluded from the Means of providing for himself and his unfortunate Family: And therefore praying, That the House n il! be pleated to give Ixavc to bring in a Bill fur removing the Dilkbiiity and Incapacity occasioned by the said Attainder; or to grant hiui such other Relict us to the House shall fecui met L

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty s Command, acquainted the House, 'J hat, the (’ale of the Petitioner having been humbly represented to his Majesty, his Majesty gives his ConfenJ, that the House may do therein us they think lit

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable George Setou, of Harms, to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Difubility in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him: And that Mr. Fall, and Sir James Grant, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

and Mean*, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of W ays and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this Iloufe will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Supply. The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonfider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Moming next, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 22.

Lun<e> *4° die Martii \

Anno to0 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1736. Praters.

MR. Hedxcorth reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners of the River IFear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fume, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed]; viz.

The Committee h ive, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition: And, in order to prove the Allegations thereof,

The Petitioners laid before the Committee, an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for Preservation and Improvement of the River /fear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham; and fume Clauses therein wcrercud, whereby it appeared. That certain Powers were granted to the Commissioners thereby appointed, for and during the Term of Twenty-one ^ears; and certain Duties were also imposed, payable from and after the 24U1 Day of June 1717,^and for the Space of Twenty-one Wars then next following.

And another Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of his laid lute Majesty, was laid before the Committee; and Part thereof was read, whereby it appeared, That several additional Powers were granted to the said Commissioners.

Then the Petitioners called,

Mr. Smith: Who said, That the Duties granted by the first-menlioned Act had produced annually about X- 1,boo, or X- L700> which had been duly laid, out in preserving and improving the said River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland; but that the same had been found insufficieut for the Purposes for which they were intended.

The Committee then proceeded to inquire what was further necessary to be done, towards preserving and improving the said River, Port, and Haven: Upon which,

Mr. John Thomas was called: Who laid before the Committee, a Draught of the said River, Port, and Haven; whereby it appeared, that, on the South Side of the said Port, a large Pier had been erected; and he laid, that another on the North Side was absolutely necessary. Ships being frequently (trended on the Sands there, for want of the same; One Infiance of which he himself had seen.

The said Mr. Thomas then laid before the Committee, an Estimate of the necessary Expence of erecting a large Pier on the North Side of the said Harbour, which amounts to X- 12,000 or thereabouts; and cannot be raised during the Continuance of the Term granted, which is near expiring.

It appeared likewise to the Committee, by the Evidence of

Mr. Samuel Gowland\ That the Duties, Penalties, and Forfeitures, payable by virtue of the said last mentioned Act, frequently cannot be effectually levied, by reason that the Power thereby given to the Commissioners to direct their Warrants, is only to the Constable of the Place, where the Offence is committed; by which means the Distress upon Goods for Offences committed is frequently evaded by the Offenders removing their Goods into such different Parts; and where Constables, to whom the Warrants are directed, cannot execute the same; and the Constable is the only Person particularly appointed, by the said first-mentioned Act, for the Execution of such Warrants.

Ordered

e

Wear

Navigation.

Northampton

Writ.

Old

Stratford

Roads.

Lord s desire Leave for Members to attend them.

Bucks Gaol and Court Room.

796 14 0 MartA. 1736.

Ordered, ^hat Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, and make more effectual, Two Acts of Parliament, the one passed in the Third, and the other in the Thirteenth, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham: And that Mr. Hedzcorth, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Sir Thomas Saundcrfon, Mr. Hilton, Mr. Lamb-ton, and Mr. Shaftoe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Northampton, in the room of Sir Justinian Isham Baronet, deceased.

A Bill for making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cart-wright, Mr. Compton, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Papillon, Sir Chr. Powell, Mr. Archer, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Gregory, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Holland, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Harley, Sir Miles Stapylton, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hilton, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Ball, Sir Geo. Wynne, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Hay, Mr. Thomas Archer, Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Huxley, Sir James Campbell, Colonel Ducket, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr Digby, Sir Wm. Heathcote, Sir Geo. CafwaU, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Gore, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Longueville, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir James Grant, Mr. Henry Archer; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Bucks, and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde, and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships having under their Examination Matters relating to the Murder of Captain John Porteous, in Scotland, do desire this House will give Leave that Lieutenant General Wade, and Patrick Lindefay Esquire, Members of this House, may attend the House of Lords, touching the said Examination, when desired.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will fend an Answer to the said Message, by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were again called in:

And Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, take the said Message into Consideration.

Sir IVMiam Stanhope reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the High Sheriff and Grand Jury, assembled at the Assizes holden at Aylesbury, in and for the County of Bucks, the 2d Day of March 1736, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof,

Mr. William Hay ton was examined: Who said, That the County of Bucks, which is of a considerable Extent, had no County Gaol; but the Prisoners for Debt, and the Felons, were confined in a House, rented for that Purpose, in Aylcsbui'y, which h a Market Town, situated, as near as can be, in the Middle of the said County; and that, over and above the annual Rent, the County was yearly at great Charge and Expence in strengthening and repairing the fame; notwithstanding which, there were frequent Escapes; and for want of convenient Room, the Debtors and Felons were often confined together: That, after several Presentments of divers Grand Juries at the Assizes, and frequent Complaints made at the Quarter Sessions held for the said County, of the Insufficiency of the House so rented, and considering the Money that had been annually laid out in repairing the fame, the Justices, at their General Quarter Sessions in the Year 1722, agreed to purchase the said House so uled for a Gaol, and the Soil and Ground thereunto belonging, whereon to erect a new Gaol, with proper Conveniences, the Ground being commodious and convenient for that Purpose, the Freehold of which House and ..Ground has been conveyed to several Trustees, for the Use of the said County:

That it had been agreed upon, by the said Justices, in their General Quarter Sessions, That, in erecting the said Gaol, Part thereof, which is in the Centre of the said Building, should be appropriated for a convenient Court Room, or Shire Hall, there being no Place in the said Town of Aylesbury fit for holding the Assizes and Quarter Sessions, but in the Market-house, which is the Property of a private Person, very incommodious for such Purpose, being much out of Repair, and no ways under the Controul, or subject to any Alteration to be made by or for the Use of the County:

And Mr. Hayton added, That, in order to pay the Purchase-money, and defray the necessary Charges and Expence of such Building, the said Justices did afterwards affels the Sum of Five Pence in the Pound, at Three Assessments, made at Three several Quarter Sessions for the said County, within the Space of Three Years; which Assessments were laid on the several Hundreds and Divisions of the County, according to the Proportions of the Land Tax, and amounted, in the Whole, to the Sum of £.4,918 or thereabouts, whereof the Sum of £.4,578 and upwards, was collected and paid; and there still remains about the Sum of £. 340 in Arrear, from several Parishes, who refuse to pay the same; alleging the y are not obliged to pay such Assessments by Law, neither have the Justices a Power to compel the Payment thereof:

And he also laid, That upon the Credit of the said Assessments, fj ordered to be made, several Workmen, Artificers, Labourers, and others, were employed in and about the said Building, and a very considerable Progress made therein > and that an exact Account was taken by several of his Majesty s Justices of the Peace for the said County, who, at different times, examined the Bills and Accounts relating thereto, and, after many Dedu6tions were made out of the said Bills and Accounts, there remained due to such Persons, for what they have done in and about the said Building, upwards of £. 1,900 over and above what there has been paid to them already: And the said Mr. Hayton further said, That divers of the Workmen so employed, and their Families, are reduced to great Poverty, for want of their Money for the said Work, which has been done above Twelve Years; and that one of the Workmen was arrested, and carried to Gaol, being not able to pay the Debt.

And, upon the Examination of Mr. Hayton, it also appeared, That the said Building remains untiniflied, and stands in a very ruinous Condition; and that a further Sum was wanting to complete the said Building; and that the Sum necessary for defraying the said Expence cannot be effectually raised, and levied on the said County, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to impower the Justices of the Peace for the County of Bucks to raise Money to discharge the Debts incuncd on account of building a Gaol and Court Room, and for finishing the fame, for the Use of the County: And that Sir William

Stanhope

O

io Geo. II.

14° Ma

.unification: Tru ftees >t Hoads.

\Vcrfley

Brook.

Stanhope and Sir Thomas Lee, do prepare, and bring in; the fame.

Mr. Robert Hacks presented to the House according to Order, a Hill for the Qualification of Persons acting as Trustees for repairing the Roads within that part of Great Britain called England: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Suttleworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making navigable the River or Brook cailed Worsley Brook, from Worjley Mills, in the Townshipof Worjley, in the County Palatine of Lan-cajier, to the River Invell, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

797

by the Act aforesaid, are, by reason of the many heavy Carriages passing through the fame, become so ruinous, that the same cannot, by the Laws now in being for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, be effectually repaired, and kept amended for the Accommodation of Passengers: And therefore praying, That, in the Bill intended to be brought in for repairing the Roads mentioned in the former A6fcs, Provision may be made for repairing the said Roads, from the Hine-kilns at Black Heath, to the Town of Hartford, in the said County of Kent, in such manner as to tile House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Christopher Powell, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Archer, Mr. Whit worthy Mr. Fall,

ersons oing armed ii Disguise,

&.C.

Wolverhampton

Roads.

Ktnt-streei

Hoads,

Mr. Bevan presented the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing an Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doipg Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects; and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; and for continuing Two Clauses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or Sea Bank, and to prevent the malicious Cutting of Hop-binds, contained in an Act passed in the Sixth of his present Majesty’s Reign; and the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for repairing the Roads from the End of a Lane adjoining lo Sutton Colefield, in the Parish of Alderichy and County of Stafford, to Wolverhampton; and from Gibbet- lane to Wolverhampton, and from thence to Shefnaly Bridgnorth, and Neivporty in the County of Salop; and from Stafford to Wolverhampton, anrl from thence to a Place called the Seven Stars, in the Road to Worcester, and from Wolverhampton through Scdgely, to Queen's Cross, at the End of the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester; was read a Second time.

Resolved, the Bill be committed to Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Watkyn Wms. Wynne, Mr. Moyfion, Lord Corn bury, Mr. Bromley, Sir Francis Child, Mr. New land, Mr. Compton, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Charles Bunbury, Sir John Hind Cottony Mr. Cholmondclry, Mr. Hiltoiiy Sir Robert Abdyx Mr. Bramjlony Mr. Ralhurjly Mr. Harley, Mr. Fidelly Lord Noel Somerset, Lord Polzcarth, Mr. Rozvney, Mr. Thomas Noel, Sir Geo. Championy Mr. Probxjy Mr. Hanbuiy Williams, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. James Noel, Mr. Lijle, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Crawley, Sir Aliles Stapyllon, M r. Leheup, M r. Sutlleworthy M r. Yor he, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Archer, Sir James Grant, Mr. Longueville, Sir Jermyn Davers, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Hay, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Shaftoe, Mr. Fenwick, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Chamberlayne, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Corbett, Nix.Myddelton-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Salop, Worcester, Cheshire, and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Gentlemen and Freeholders of the County of Kent, whose Namesare thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners find Application is made to the House, for leave to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by TwoASs of Parliament, one of the Fourth, and the other of the Sixth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways leading from the Stones End in Kent freely in the said Parish of St. George's in Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to the Lime-kilns in East Greenwich, near Black Heath, and to Lewisham Church, being the Tunbridge Road, in the County of Kent; and that the Road leading from the Lime-kilns at Black Heath, to the Town of Hartford, in the said County, being the Poll Road from London to Dover, and adjoining to the Highways, directed to be repaired Vol. 22.

Mr. Shuttletvorth, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Hay, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Yorke, Sir Geo. Champion, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Proby, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Watkyn IVms. Wynne, Mr. Mostyn, Lord Cornoimj, Mr. Bromley, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Newland, Mr. Compton, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Charles Bunbury, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr Choi-mondeUn/y'Mr. Hilton, Sir Robert. Abdy, Mr. Bramflon, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Harley, Mr. Fydell, Lord Noel So-merfet. Lord Polwarth, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Thomas Noel, Mr. James Noel, Mr. Life, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Craze ley, Sir Miles St ay pit on, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Yorke, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir James Grant, Sir Jermyn Davers, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Shaftoe, Mr. Fenwick, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Chamberlaine; and all the Members who ferye for the County of Kent, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’sChamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the improving City of London attended at the Door: London

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to Streets, the House, a Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; alleging, That the keeping a sufficient and well-regulated Watch in the Night-time, within the several Wards of the said City; is of the utmost Importance to the Preservation of the Persons and properties of the Inhabitants, and very necessary to prevent as well the Mischiefs which may happen by Fires, as Murders, Robberies, and other Outrages and Disorders; and that, by the Laws now iri being, no effectual Provision is made for levying any Sums of Money for defraying the necessary Charges of the Nightly Watch, or for effectual recovering of such Money as shall be laid out and expended by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in paving such Parts of the publick Streets as lie before empty Houses; by reason whereof, the Pavements within the said City, and Liberties thereof, are, in many Places, so bad and ruinous, that the same are dangerous to such of his Majesty’s Subjectsas pals through the fame: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring a Bill to enable the Petitioners to regulate more effectually the Nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the City of Londonr and Liberties thereof; and also to make more effectual the Laws for paving and cleansing the Streets and Sewers in and about the said City, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Barnard, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Alderman Willimot, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Corbett, Sir

9 R Geo.

798 14° Martii. A\ 17 36.

Geo. same all, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Turner, Sir /#/! Mr. Lockwood, Mr. New land, Mr. For-

yifWi Mr. Philipfon, Mr. Pearfe, Mr. Glanville, Lord Harry Powlett, Mr. Walker, Mr. Edioards, Sir Charles Wager; Mr. Longueville, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Veve, Mr. Coddrington, Mr. Boone, Mr. Shuttlezcorth, Mr. Car far. Lord Baltimore, Mr.

'Sandys. Sir Miles Slapylton, Mr. Marshal, Mr.

Sir Francis Child, Sir jo/w ///7*d Cotton, Dr. />£*, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Cro/fe, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Hunger-ford, Sir /fay, Mr. Waller, Mr. Gaidoft,$\r Jer. Davers. Lord AW Somerset, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Covnbury, Lord Po/warsh, Lord Gage, Mr. Archer; and all the Members who serve for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Preventing Sir /o/m Rushout, according to Order, reported from Stock- the Committee of the whole House to whom the Bill jobbing to continue an Afy made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the infamous Practice of Stockjobbing, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause being offered, to be added to the Bill, fer limiting the Time of Prosecution for Offences committed against the said Act;

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought upon;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment* be ingrossed.

Korton,« a Petition of Richard Chichcley, and Elizabeth the e* Widow of Edward Hughs Esquire, deceased, on behalf ofthcmfelve«, and William Chicheley their Brother, and James Plozcden their Nephew, being next of Kin to Richard Norton, of Southwick, Esquire, lately deceased, was ^resented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Daniel Norton Esquire, and Isabella his Wife, had issue Richard Norton, lately deceased, their only Son; and, after the Death of Daniel, Isabella, his Widow married a Second Husband, Swjohn Chicheley, by whom lhe had Issue Four Sons and Two Daughters, of whom Richard and William Chicheley, and Elizabeth, the Widow of Edward Hughs, are now living; and James Plowden, the Nephew of the said Richard Norton; and as such are his next of Kin, and, after the Payment of all just and legal Demands, intitled to his personal Estate, in case the said Richard Norton hath not made any legal Disposition thereof; but that, by an Act of the Sixth of his present Majesty, Mark frecker, Nicholas Paxton, and John Lawton, Esquires, were appointed to propound the Papers, importing to be the last Will, Codicils, and testamentary Shedules, of the said Richard Norton, deceased, and to take Administration, so far as relates to the Personal Estate of the said Richard Norton, and to apply and administer the same, according to the Rules of Law and Equity j and they have accordingly obtained Letters of Administration from the Ecclesiastical Court, with the said Paper Writing, or testamentary Schedules annexed, and possessed the said Richard Nortons Personal Estate; and that the said Administrators apprehend themselves bound up by the said Act, in such manner as all Persons interested in such personal Estate cannot have the Benefit of the fame, without the Aid and Afiiltance of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as to the House shall feera meet.

Ordered, Tluit the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

22

Ordered, That 'Mark Frccker, Nicolas Paxton, and Norton 1 John Lawton, Esquires, do lay before this House, an Will. Account of their Proceedings upon the Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to enable them to propound the Papers, importing to be the last Will, Codicils, and testamentary Schedules, of Richard Norton, late of Southwick, in the County of Southampton, Esquire, deceased, in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, and to sue for Administration, with the same annexed.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from Supply, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him lo report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio wet h; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of One Million be granted to his Majesty, towards redeeming the like Sum of the increas'd Capital of the South Sea Company, as is now commonly called Old South Sea Annuities.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- National night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Debt. House to consider of the National Debt.

Ordered, That the Stale of the National Debt, as it was the First of February last, be laid before this House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Mean*, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they consider of the present Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder, which, by an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was to continue for the Term of Five Years, from the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one, and to the End of the then nextSeffioti of Parliament.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution, which they hacl directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

IVear fixation.

>t.borp«

Parish.

IYwl of

luntaiion

Iron.

10 Geo. II. 15°

Mart is y 15* die j

Anno 10° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1736. Prayers.

/JRDERED, That Mr. Vane be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to continue, and make more effectual, Two Acts of Parliament, the one passed in the Third, and the other in the Thirteenth, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham.

A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of Towcester, in the County of Northampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was prefen ted to the House, and read; fi tting forth, That the said Parish of Towcester is of a large Extent, and very populous, and consists of several Hamlets, which lie at a great Distance, wherein there is only One Parish Church, which is Two Miles from a Hamlet in the said Parish, called Abthorpe with Foxcote, wherein is a Chapd of Ease, in which the Vicar of the said Parish performs Divine Service once a Month; but that the same being so far from the said Parish Church, the Inhabitants thereof, who are about Four hundred, cannot, in the Winter-time, without great Inconvenience, attend the DivineService oftener; and that the Hamlet of Abthorpe is so far divided from Towcester, that the Parish Officers in General arecholen, and act there separately, from the Parish of Towcester, and are in no respect subject to that Parish only the Vicar thereof is intitled to the small Tythes of Abthorpe, for which he performsDivine Serviceonlyonce a Month; and that Thomas Nicoll, of London, Upholder, did, by his Will, hearing Date the Fifteenth Day of August 1726, charge his Estate in the Parish of Pajfenham, in the said County of Northampton, with the Payment of a certain Sum of Money annually to the Poor, and Mi-

11 liter for the Time being, of Abthorpe, for performing of Divine Service on-such Days and Times as by the said Will is particularly directed; and also gave, as a further Benefa6tion to the said Town of Abthorpe, the Sum of Two hundred Pounds South Sea Annuities, towards procuring Part of the Bounty ofherlate Majesty Queen Anne, for increasing poor Livings; which said Benefaction was upon Condition, That the Town should, within Three Years next after his Decease, or within Three Years next after the then Incumbent should quit the lame, become a distinct Parish from the said Town of

Martin 799

Towcester; and that Jane Lee/on, of the said Town of Abthorpe, did found therein aFree-school; and; for the Endowment thereof, by her last Will, among otherCha-rities, did devise an Estate, in the said Town of Ah-thorpe, to certain feoffees, jn Trull, for the Payment of the Sum of Eight Pounds per Annum to a School-master, for teaching the poor Children of the said Town of Abthorpe-, and that the Petitioners, and the Lord Bishop, of Litchfield and Coventry, as Patron of Towcester and Abthorpe, the Feoffees of the said Jane Leefon’s Charity, and the Inhabitants of the Hamlet of Abthorpe and Foxcoate,&ve willing that the said Chapel of Abthorpe shall be made a Parish Church, and that the several Houses and Lands within the said Hamlet shall be made a distinct Parish from the Parish of Towcester, and that > the Master of the said Free-school shall be Vicar of the said Church; whereby not only the Revenues of the said Master of the said School will be improved, but Divine Service will be constantly kept up at Abthorpe Church; but that the same cannot be effected, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Cartwright., Mr. Lockivood%

Mr. Gore, Mr. Hume Campbell, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mn Wat. Wms. Wynne, Mr. Holland, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Lord Cornbury, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Compton, Sir James Hamilton, General Wade, Mr. D unco mb.

Lord Baltimore, Siv James Grant, Mr. Longucville, Mr.

Holden, Mr. Hilton, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Archer, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Fall, Mr. Hay, Lord Pol-warth, Mr. Thompfunjslr. Kent, Mr. Lyndfay, Mr. Balle,

Mr. Corbett, Mr. Owen, Lord Gage, Mr. Glanville, NLr.

Mojlyn, Sir Geo. Wynne, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Pearfe, Mr.

Tucker, Mr. Beaghan, Colonel Middleton, Captain Ro-binfoiv, and all the Members who serve for the County of Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, that the Accomptant Exciseon General of the Excise, attended at the Door; Meact*

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Net Produce of the Excise upon Mead, for Four Years last past.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account, was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

Excise. — Ah ACCOUNT of the Net Produce of the Excise upon Mead, for Four Years last pad: viz.

£ d.

Yrear ended the 24th June 1733 Year ended the 24th June 1734 Year ended the 24th June 1735 Year ended the 24th June 1736

Excise Office,

15th March 1736.

Hen. Needier, Accomptant General.

Ordered, That the fair! Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. PcarJ'e, from the Commissioners of the Navy, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Copy of a Report made to the CoininifTioners of the Navy, by

Vol. 22.

767 3 3i 722 10 54 551 6 1

198 1 5%

2,239 1 3

Cha. Polliill,

Tho. Wylde,' J. Fowle,

Ja. Vernon,

R. Eyre,

H. Thayer,

Tho. Robinson*

the Officers of his Majesty’s Yard at Deptford, of the Trial of Two Bars of Iron received of Mr. John Tom-linfon, which, he said, he received from New England, dated 7th September 1736.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

The said Copy is us follows; viz.

Navy

8oq

150 Mar tit. 1736.

NavyOlfece, 15th Merck 1736.

Copy of a Report made to the Commissioners of the Navy, of the Officers of his Majesty’s Yard at Deptford, of the Trial of Two Bars of Iron, received of Mr. John Tomlinson, which, he said, he received from New England, dated 7th September 1736.

In obedience to your Honours’ Warrant, of the 30th of July lad, we have caused a Trial to be made of the Two Bars of Iron, belonging to Mr. John Tomlinson, which, he fays, fie received from .\Tew England, and find it to be equal in Goodness to the First Sort of Orgrounds Iron: Which being signified, we remain, 5ft*.

Richard Stacey, J.Loton, DanielWifeman, John Sargent

The before-going is a true Copy of the Report made to us, from the Officers of his Majestys Yard, at Deptford, of the trial of Two Bars of Iron, received by Mr. John Tomlinson from New England, which was not remembered when the Copies of the other Reports concerning Plantation Iron were delivered to the honourable House of Commons the 10th instant. Richard Haddock, Ja. Ackworth, Tho. Pearfe,

G. Purvis, J. Fazvlcr, Ro. Byng.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

thin A Petition of the Noblemen and Gentlemen, whose rvavigation. j^ames are thereunder written, being Owners of the Lands near the River Dun, in the County of York, on behalf of themselves, and many others; and also,

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunder written, being Land Owners and Inhabitants of the Town of Raivcliffe, on behalf of themselves, and many others; and also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunder-written, being Land Owners and Inhabitants of the Towns of Snaith and Cowick, on behalf of themselves, and many others; and also,

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunder written, being Landholders and Inhabitants of the Towns of Armin and Hooke, on behalf of themselves, and many others; and also,

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunder written, beings Landholders and Inhabitants of the Towns of Gaole, Szvinfleet, Rcedness, Whit* gift, Ouzejlect, Adlingfleet, and Fockerby, on behalf of themselves, and many others;

Were severally presented to the House, and road; alleging, That, if a Bill should be brought in, and passed into a Law, according to the Prayer of a Petition, presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Dun, from Wiljick House to Sike House Ferry; and also to take away Razvcliffe Bridge; and for further Powers for perfecting the Navigation; which Petition is referred to the Consuleration of a Committee; it will not only be very prejudicial to the Petitioners, but to many others: And therefore praying the House to give them Leave to be heard, by their Counsel, or otherwise, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Dun, in the County of York, is referred.

Clyd Mr. Carmichael presented to the House, according Bridge. to Order, a Bill to enable the Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh of Lanark to repair, and maintain, their Bridge over the River Clyd, at Clydjholm, in the Shire of Lanark: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Copy-nght a Petition of several Paper-makers, whose names are °Books.te thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and several other Paper-makers of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; reciting aProvision for 22

better securing the Payment of the Drawback of t he Duties for Paper used in printing Books in the Latin,

Greek, and Northern Languages, within the Two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, contained in a Bill, depending in this 1 louse, for the better Encouragement of Learning; and felting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend the Universities were allowed the Drawback on the several Duties laid on Paper by the Statutes of the 10th and 13th Years Of her late Majesty Queen Anne; because the Paper then made in England was not good enough, and the Universities were obliged to life foreign Paper for printing their Books in the said Languages; but that, the Paper made in England does now equal several Sorts of foreign Paper used in Printing and Writing; and, as the Petitioners hope, if they are encouraged, will excel all foreign Paper whatsoever; whereby a Branch of the Trade and Manufacture of this Kingdom will be promoted, by which Thousands of poor People, of both Sexes, and almost all Ages, will be annually employed, and maintained: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Con-ltderation, and grant them such Relief as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Encouragement of Learning, by the more effectual securing the Copies of printed Books to the Authors or Purchasers of such Copies, during the Times therein to be mentioned; and to repeal an Act, passed iti the Eighth Year of the Reign of her hue Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Learning, by veiling the Copies of printed Books in the Authors or Purchasers of such Copies, during the Times therein mentioned; and for the better securing the Payment of the Drawback of the Duties for Paper used in printing Books in the Latin, Greek,

Oriental, and Northern Languages, within the Two Universities of Oxford-and Cambridge; is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Hcalhcote, Mr. Edward Gyb-bon, Mr. Wyndham AJlie, Mr. Robert Hacks, and Mr. Navigation. Whitworth, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and inhabitants of the Town of Hertford’ and of several Farmers,

Mai tilers, and Barge Owners, living in or near the said Towns, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and several Hundreds of other Per* fons refidiugnear to, and concerned in, the Navigation on the River Lea, running from Hertford to Ware, and from thence to the River of Thames, near the City of London, and of the Governor and Company of the New River brought from Chadwell and Arnivcll to London, is referred.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, andln- Hertford, habitants, living near, and travelling through, the Road from Hertford Bridge, leading through Bafoigsloke, c‘ k *' Whitchurch, and Andover, to the Meeting of t he Counties of Southampton and Wilts, near to a Place called Lobcock's Cornier, being Part of the great Pod Road from the City of London to th eLands-cnd, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Road, by reason of many heavy Carriages frequently passing through the fame, is become very ruinous, and dangerous for Passengers, especially in the Winter-season; and that the Inhabitants of the Parishes wherein the said Road lies, are not able to repair the fame, by the ordinary Courseappointt d by the Laws now in being for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in aBiil for repairing the said Road.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, ami Inhabitants, of the ancient Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, and of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, living in or near the Road leading from Bajing-Jioke, through Wort ing, Overton, Whitchurch, Andover, and Wallop, in the said County, to a Place called l*ob~ cock's Corner, was also prefeuted to the I louse, and read; setting forth. That the said Roadsr by reason of the n any

heavy

io Geo. II. ic° Martii.Soi

heavy Carriages, and the great Number of Travellers constantly passing through the fame, are become so bad and ruinous, that they cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, by the Inhabitants of the several Parishes through which they lead, unless some other Provision be made for that Purpose; and that the said lioad is the ancient Poll Road through which all Pol'ters, Horsemen, and Waggons, pass from London to the Western Parts of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend and widen the Road aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Persons, living in, near, and frequently travelling through, the Roads leading from Hertford Bridge, through Basingstoke and Sutton, to the Borough of Stockbridge, and from Hertford Bridge to Odiham, in the County of Southampton, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Exchequer Ordered\ That an Account be laid before this House,

Bills. of a]j Exchequer Bills standing out at Christmas 1726, what have been fnice made out, what have been paid off, and cancelled, in what manner discharged, what has been paid for Interest, and for the Charge of Management and of circulating and paying, the said Exchequer Bills, and what Exchequer Bills are now standing out

Russia A Petition of several Merchants and Traders, whole

lompany. Names are thereunder written, in behalf of themselves, and others trading to Raffia, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That King Philip and Queen Mari) did, by their Letters Patent, dated at Westminster, the Sixth Day of February, in the Firstand Second Year of their Reign, incorporate certain Persons, therein named, by the Name of Merchants Adventurers for the Discovery of Lands and Territories unknown, impowering them to make Ordinances for their good Government; and granted to them the lbleTrade to all the main Lands, Islands, Ports, Havens, Creeks, and Rivers, of the Emperor of Rufficr, and that by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, the Grant in the said Letters Patent was confirmed, and additional Powers were given to the said Fellowship, and their Successors, by the Name of the Fellowship of the English Merchants for discovering of new Trades; and that by another Act, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of King William the Third, to inlarge the Trade to Russia, it is enacted, That every Subject of this Realm, desiring Admission into the said Fellowship, applying in the manner thereby di-rested, tliould be admitted into the said Fellowship, and should enjoy all the Liberties, Privileges, Jurisdictions, Franchises, and Powers, granted to them, on Payment of Five Pounds for the public Use of the said Fellowship; but that, in the said Acts, there is 110 Direction to oblige the Governor, Consuls, and Assistants, of the said Company, to hold General Courts at any fixed Time, or upon any Emergencies; whereby great Inconveniencies have happened, as w ell as from Want of a Power to restrain the Number of Votes given in the Election or Removal of the Company's Officers and Servants, and in the Disposal of their Money to Persons under certain Qualifications; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that, if such Quali-lication was confined to such Members of the said Company only as have traded upon thfeir own Account, so far as to have paid Impositions to a certain Amount, and within a certain Time, towards the public Expences of the Company (there being, in most public Companies, Limitations of the like Nature), the same w ould greatly encourage the Trade, and tend to the better Regulation of the Government of the said Company: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid; or that the House will j$rant such Relief as the House think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition beTeferred to the Con-Vol. 22.

lideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report fhefame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman JVillimott, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Holden, Mr. Sandys, Lord Polwarth, Sir John Heathcote, Sir Wm. Heathcote, Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

Trenchard, Mr. Turner, Mr. Walker, Mr. Lojigueville,

Mr. Edwards, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Leheup,

Mr. Huxley, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr.

Lockwood, Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Pollen, Lord Baltimore, Sir Jof. Eyles, Mr. Frankland, Sir Thomas Frank-land. Lord Palmerston, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Waller, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Coster, Sir Miles Stapylton, - Mr. Alderman Perry, Dr. Lee, Mr. Hume Campbell, Lord Noel Somerset, Lord Cornbury, Lord Gage, Sir James Grant, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Archer, Sir Chr. Powell, Mr. Cornwall; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records: And all that come are to have /

Voices.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take LeaYe g;Ten into Consuleration the Message from the Lords, of to Members Yesterday. to attend

And the said Message being read; lieutenant General Wade, and Mr. Lindefay, being present, severally ltood up in their Places; and declared,

That they are willing, with the Leave of the House, to go to the House of Lords, as is desired by their Lordships, in the said Message.

Resolved, That Lieutenant General Wade, and Patrick Lindefay Esquire, Members of this House, have Leave to go to the House of Lords, as is desired by their Lordships, in their Message of Yesterday, if the said Members think fit.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them, That this House has given Leave to Lieutenant General Wade, and Patrick Lyndefay Esquire, Members of this House, to go to the House of Lords, as is desired by their Lordships, in their Message of Yesterday, if the said Members think fit.

Ordered, That the Lord Baltimore do carry the said Message.

A Petition of Richard Aston Esquire being offered to Alton's be presented to the House; Lease.

The Journal of the House, of the 17th Day of July, in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, in relation to the Order of the House, upon the Petition of George Lowe Esquire, complaining of the Refusal of Mr. Vavenant, Treasurer of the Cathedral Church of Sarum, to renew' a Lease of the Prebend,

Manor, and Parlonage of Caine, in Wiltshire, was read:

And the Journal of the House, of the 29th Day of July in the same Year, in relation to the Order of the House, upon the Petition of Wm. Balaam, and Thomas Culpepper,

Esquires, was also read:

And a Proviso contained in an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Confirmation of Leases and Grants from Colleges and Hospitals, in favour of John Lord Culpepper, was also read:

And the Journal of the House, of the 13th Day of March 1734, in relation to the Proceeding of the House, upon the Petition signed Anne Lujh, John Lujh, and Chaj'lcs Lujh, then offered to be presented to the House, praying Relief against the Refusal of the Provost and Scholars of Queen's College, in Oxfoj'd, to renew a Lease of an Estate in the County of Berks, w as also read:

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That a Lease of the Manors of Wadley and Wickcnsham, with the Villages of Littleworth and Thrupp, in the County of Berks, upon the Surrender of a former Lease, was, on the 15th of October, in the Thirtieth Year of King Henry the Eighth, granted by the Provost 9 S and

8<n

15° Mar til.

A. 1736.

and Scholars of Oriel College, in Oxford, unto Alexander Unton Esquire, for the Term of Seventy-eight. Years, from Michaelmas then next ensuing, under the yearly Rent of X. 58; and that, the 30th of November following, a Second Lease was granted by them to the same Person, for Fifty Years, to commence immediately after the Expiration of the first-mentioned Lease, under the same yearly Rent of £. they covenanting, that the said Alexander Unt072^ his Heirs or Executors, should hold the said Manors and Premises, after the End of the said last mentioned Term of Fifty Years, after Payment or lawful Tender of Sixty Pounds, in the Name of a Fine, until the Expiration of the further Term of Eighty Years, tinder the same yearly Rent of £. 58; and that the Terms by the said Lcaies granted became afterwards vested in Sir Valentine Knightly, who married the Daughter of Sir Edward Unton; and that by an Act, made in the Third Year of King James Xhc First, the Leases, and the Terms of . Seventy-eight, Fifty, and Eighty Years, are confirmed, and an additional Rent of Forty two Pounds per Annum imposed, making, in all, One hundred Pounds per Annum; but no Reason is assigned for this additional Rent; whereby the original Contract between the College and the said Alexander Unton seems to be violated, and an additional Rent of Forty-two Pounds per Annum imposed upon the succeeding Lessees for One hundred and Forty-three Years, or thereabouts, which, with Interest, amounts to more than the Value of the Fee-simple of the Estate; and that the remaining Part of the Terms granted by the said Leases js now, and has for several Years been vested in the Petitioner, who has often applied to the College to renew his Lease; and, upon such Application, the College, seeming disposed to renew, desired the Petitioner to lay before them a Map and Survey of the Estate, that a Calculation might be made of the Sum to be paid.fora Fine thereof; and that an accurate Map and Survey were, pursuant to their ftequest, left with the Society l\vo or Three Months, and a Calculation made of the Fine to be paid, to which no jpaterial Objection was made; but, by evasive Antwerp,

and frivolous Pretences, the Petitioner has been kept several Years in Suspence; when the Society being prelfed for a categorical Answer, they, by their Treasurer, acquainted the Petitioner, in Writing, "That they are advised, that " a Renewal at present will be greatly prejudicial to the " Interest and Good of the College; for which Reason " they are not willing to treat about any Renewal f and that the Petitioners Family have been the Lessees of the said Estate for more than Two hundred Years; and that the Petitioner, upon Assurance given him, by the Provost and Fellows of the said College, that they would renew the Lease with him as soon as they were impowered by Law so to do, was induced to expend upwards of Nine hundred Pounds in such Improvements as he was not obliged to make, for which he has received no Advantage exceeding the Interest of the principal Sum; and has also paid, to and for the Use of the College, the Land Taxes for One hundred Pounds per Annum, and otherwise, amounting to Six hundred Pounds, and upwards, which Sum he was not obliged to pay; and therefore, and in regard the Petitioner was not obliged to pay the said Sqm, and the now subsisting Term expiring at Michaelmas 1747, expressing his Hope, that the House will be pleased to relieve him, inasmuch as a very large House has been built upon the said Leasehold Estate, and more than thje Value of the Fee-simple of the said Estate has been paid by the Petitioner, and his Family, Lessees thereof, the Addition of Forty-two Pounds per Annum being imposed upon them by the Act: of Parliament aforesaid, contrary to the original Contraft: And therefore praying, That the House will take his same into Consideration, and give him such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as itlhall appear to them, to the House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

t — MSSi2?"' }"

"9-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report . to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

llcfdived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, , towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Two Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised, in the Year 1737, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England\ Wales, and the Town of Ba'wick upon Tweed: and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The* said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Sir Cherries Turner, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Dodington, Sir George O^enden, the Lord Sundon, Mr. Wimingtorx, Mr. Scrope, ana. Mr. Edward Walpole, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Jordan Langdale, of Cliff, in the Counter :of York, was presented to the Hoyle, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner was, in the Year 1716, outlawed for High Treason committed in 1715; and that the Petitioner having omitted to bring a Writ of Error for Reversal of his laid Outlawry before the 24th Day of June 1718, he is now, by a Clause in an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for vesting the forfeited Estates in Great Britain and Ireland in Trustees, to be sold, for the Use of the Publick; and for giving Relief to lawful Creditors, by determining the Claims; and for the more effectual bringing into the respective Exchequers the Rents and Profits of the said Estates, till fold; for ever barred from having such Writ of Error admitted or allowed, and from receiving any Advantage by any Judgment he might hope to obtain thereon; and thjit the Petitioner having represented to his Majesty, that he had a Wife and Eight Children, whom,. under these unhappy Circumstances, he was not in a Condition to support in present, or provide for hereafter, his Majesty, out of his great Goodness.and Clerqency, and in Compassion to the 'Petitioner, and his unfortunate and numerous Family, has beep pleased to grant iiim iiis most gracious Pardon, mid to dischargehim from Imprisonment, and Execution of his Person; but tUat the Petitioner* Hill labouring under his Incapacity io sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, and other Disabilities, by reason of his Outlawry, remains wholly diTabled to apply the Life and Liberty his Majesty has gra.cjously granted, him towards the Support, and Trovision of his Family: And therefore praying, That Leave may'be given to bring in, al Bill to enable the Petitioner to sue, or maintain any1 Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Outjawry; anjd so remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Outlawry, to take or inherit any real or personal Erftatej that, may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him, or which he Was intitled unto, in Reverfiqn or Remainder, before hi? laid Outlawry.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majestys Command, acquainted the IJouie, That-the same of the Petitioner having been humbly represented to his Majesty, his Majesty gives ' his: Consent, that the House niay do therein as they think fit. '

Ordered,

Ways and Means.

Removine Langdali’s Disability by Outlawry.

llriUge t> Lords reported.

Copy-rLht

of primed Books.

Purton

bu lofurr.

Ttodon

Navigation.

io Geo. II. 150 — i

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill to enable Jordan luingda/e, of ('l{ff\ in the County of York, to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Outlawry; uiul to remove any Disability in him, by reason of hi* said Outlawry, lo take or inherit any real or personal Estate tlwt may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him: And that the Lord (rage, and Sir Joseph Pennington, do prepare, und bring in, the fame.

The Lord Baltimore reported, Tlwt lie had, pursuant to the Order of the House, acquainted the Lords, That this House luul given Leave to Lieutenant General JYade, and Patrick. Linde say Esquire, Members of this House, to go lo the House of Lords, as was desired by their Loulships in their Message of Velterday, if the said Member* think (iL

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a CommiUce of the whole House, upon the Bill lor the better Encouragement of Learning, by the more tfliftual leeuring the Copies of printed Books to live Author or Purchufers of such Copies, during the Times Ur rein to l>c mentioned; and to repeal an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Encouragerncat of Learning, by veiling the Copies of printed Books in the Authors or Purclmfers of such Copies, during the Times theuin mentioned; and for the better securing the Vayment i*f the Diuwbuck ol‘ the Duties for Paper uteri in printing Bonk* in the luitin, Creek, Oriental, and Northern languages, within the Two l/niverlities of Os I ord and ( atnhndgc;

Ordered, That it be an Infiroftion to the said Commits e, 'Tlmt they have Power to receive a Cl aide to extend the Proulioas <»i the livid lull.to the Author or Authors of any Bowk 01 Hooks c»l Mulick, or any Composition in Music wluitf»e\er, whether written or engraved.

Railed, Tivnt thL House will, upon Thu r/day Morning next, rt lolve itfdf into a Committee of the whole iluuic, upon the said Bill.

Ordi red, 'Mint Mr. Laroche have Leave to make a Motion, it Lein; »:kr l our of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingioi:« ii Lid irom the Ixirds, hitituled, An Act for incioling und diuding certain Common Puliure Grounds, called Put ton Common and Purton St oak Common, within the Parish of Purton, otherwise Puriton, in die County of ti nts, was rc ad a Second time.

Be/(died, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Laroche, Sir C7/r. Powell, Mr. Richard Plumer, Mr. JHedworth, Lord Charles Canndish, Mr. P/umpire, Sir John Barnard, Mr // 'in. Clayton, Sir Jof Pennington, Mr. Hay, Lord John Sack'l lf/c, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Marshall; and all the Members w ho lerve for the Counties of Wilts, Dcrfct, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers . C Irani her.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, i6° die Martii\

Anno io* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1736. Praters.

MR. Bramstou reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Joseph Goodman Esquire, and the Proprietors, Owuers, apd Occupiers of Lands, on each Side of the River Rodoq, thereunto subscribed, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition ;and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it. in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

Vol. 22.

Martii. 8 03

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said iMilion:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof, th Mowing;

Witnesses were examined; viz.

Mr. Richard Gallup, Mr. James Walmsley, and Mr.

Samuel Marji: Who severally laid, That the River Jlodon, from Barking to 1 Ilford, in Fffex, until an Agreement between Joseph Goodman Esquire, and several of the I-and-owners 011 each Side the said River, was not navigable for Boats, or oilier Vessels; but now a Boat carry ing 40 Tons Weight can easily navigate the same to JU/'ord aforesaid.

Then a Deed of Covenant, made between Joseph Goodman Esquire, and the several Landholders aforesaid, bearing Date the Twenty-second Day of May 1736, was laid before the Committee, and proved by the said Mr.

JVahmjley and Mewfe; w hereby it appeared, That the said Joseph (woodman Esquire, was, at his own Expence, to make the said River navigable to Iljord aforesaid; and to make good any Damages accruing to the said Land* ow ners thereby.

Mr. Wahnjley further fold, That several of the Persons, who signed live aforesaid Deed, were only Tenants for Lite; and could not agree that the said Joseph Goodman should have the Banks of the River so cut, as to complete the Navigation thereof, without an Aid of Parliament; which being obtained, the Deed aforesaid was to be made void.

Otdered, That Leave lie given to bring in a Bill, for making navigable the River Rodon, from a little below a Mill called Burking Mill, in the County of Effix, to IUjord Bridge, in the said County: And that Mr.

Bramston, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Robert Abdy, and Mr. Alderman Parsons, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Report made to the Trial of Commissioners of the Navy, by the Officers of his Majesty's Plantation Yard at Deptford, of the Trial of Two Bars of Iron Iron‘ received by Mr. John Tomlinson, which he said he received from Xav England, dated 7th September 1736, which was Yesterday pro tented to the House, and ordered tp lie upon the Table, be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Ironmongers of this Kingdom, in behalf of themselves, and many others trading to his Majesty *s Plantations of America, is referred.

A Petition of Sir John Lade Baronet, Sir Thomas Surry, &c. St carats Knight, Per eve at Levis, Jim. Leigh, Thomas ^oadi* Engier, Thomas Hacks, William Richardson, Abrahdm Shard, Thomas Butler, Peccatus Shard, Richard Coupe,

John Amey, Benjamin James, Jasper Hales, Esquires,

J Villi am Robinson, John Kent, John Start on, Francis Mannock, Benjamin Turton, William Kenyon, Philip Hatnley, Francis Goram, George Smith, Joseph Heaton,

James Welden, Betjamin Hodges, William Myers, and

Henry Robinson, Gentlemen, Trustees appointed to putin

Execution the several Acts, made in the Eonrth and Sixth

Years-of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending the

Rpgds from the City of London to the Town of East

Gi instead, in the County of Sussex, and to the Towns of

Sutton and Kingston, in the County of SuiTy; and also of

the AQi made in the Tenth Year of his laid late Majesty’s

Reign, for amending the Roads from the Stones End in

Southwark, to Highgate; at the Entrance of Ashdown

Fdreft, in the Parish of East Gniftstead, in the Coiintjr of

Suffix*, and from Kitigstdn to Burton Common; and the

Lanes leading from Wood Hatch to Sidlow Mill; and the ' -

Lanes called Horsehilts, Sandhurst alias Boners, and

Peteridge Lanes, in the County of Sumy, on behalf of

themselves, and the rest of the Trustees appointed by the said Act$, was presented to the House, and read; setting

forth, That, upon passing the said Act, made in the Fourth

Yea* of the Reign of his said late Majesty, the Petitioners

were obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money on

the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, in oilier to make

the Roads, directed by that Act to be repaired, passable;

Part

Whitchapel to Woodford, 4c. Roads.

804 ' 16* Martii. 1*736;

Part of which Monies, so borrowed, hath been paid; but that there still remains the Sum of Seven thousand Pounds due on the Credit of that Act, and of the Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty; and that, by the above-mentioned Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, the Petitioners were enabled to borrow the further Sum of Nine thousand Pounds for amending the said Roads; of which the Sum of Six thousand Seven hundred and Fifty Pounds, and no more, has as yet been taken up; but that there is an absolute Necessity of borrowing and laying out the rest of the said Nine thousand Pounds on the said Roads; and that although the Monies so borrowed on the said Acts, together with the Income of the said Tolls, except what hath been paid in Part of the principal Monies borrowed on the First of those Acts, and for the Interest of all the Monies borrowed, as aforesaid, and other necessary Expences, have been laid out in amending the said Roads; yet, in regard to the heavy Carriages passing the said Roads, and of the Extent of the several Roads appointed by those several Acts to be amended, and the annual Suras directed to be paid out of the said Tolls, towards the Amendment of the several Cross Roads in the said Acts mentioned, the said Roads will soon be in a ruinous Condition, if there be not a sufficient Fund provided for Payment of the Monies raised; and to be raised, on the Credit of the said Acts, and for keeping the said Roads in good Repair; more especially if the Creditors, who lent their Money on the Credit of the First and Second Acts, which will expire at Lady-day One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-one, should take Possession of the several Tollsr and apply the same towards Payment of the Money due to them, as by those Acts they are impowered, and which it is apprehended they will speedily do, there being no Provision made, in the Act of the Tenth Year of the late King, for applying the Money raised by virtue of that Act for Repayment of the Money borrowed on the Security of the Two former Acts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said last mentioned Act, for so long Time, and in such Manner, and with such further Powers, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Colonel Onslow, Sir Wm. Clayton, Sir Thomas Lyttleton, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Rucks, Mr. Whitworth, Dr. Lee, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Tower, Colonel Townshend, Mr. York, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Bradshaw, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Parsons, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Henley, Mv.Thompson, Colonel St. Clair, Mr. Barlow, Colonel Ingram, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. May, Master of the Rolls, Mr. Fox, Mr. Chester, Mr. tVilfon, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Hay, Mr. Holland, Sir Francis Boynton, Sir James Grant, Sir Charles Mordmmt, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Wortley, Mr. Turner, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Onglcy, Lord James Cavendish, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Fortescue, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Cornwall, Mr Holmes, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Gregory; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surry and Suffix: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Constable, Surveyors of the Highways, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants and Landholders within the Hamlet of Poplar and Blackball, in the Parish of Stebonhcath alias Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants and Landholders within the said Hamlet, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That "the Petitioners have, belonging to their Hamlet, a large Road running through the said Hamlet, near a Mile and a Half *7

in Length, which is the only Road Oiit of the Counties of Essex and Middlesex into the County of Kent, by the Ferry or Passage at the Isle of Ducks; and that the Number of Inhabitants in the said Hamlet hath, for several Years past, greatly decreased, inso much that very many of the Houses within the same are uninhabited; and such as are Inhabitants are, for the most part, in very mean Circumstances; and the said Hamlet, though so very poor, continue to pay a very large Share of the Competition paid by the said Parish of St. Dunstan, Stepney, to the Trustees for repairing the 'Highways from the Stones End at Whitechapel Church, to Shenfeld and Woodford; J

whereby they have been for many Years, and now are, y

unable to do the necessary Repairs to the said Road;

by reason whereof, and by the frequent Passing of great Numbers of Cattle and Sheep, which pasture in the Isle of Ducks, to and from the Markets of Smithfield and Whitechapel, and other Markets, the said Road is become very deep, miry, and ruinous, especially in the Winter-seasons; and is in Danger of becoming impassable, unless the Petitioners receive fume Assistance therein'*

And therefore praying, That in the Bill, now depending in this House, for granting a further Time to repair the Highways from the Stones End at Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex to Shenfield, and to the furthermost Part of Woodford, leading to the Town of Upping, in the County of E/fix, Provision may be made for repairing and amending the said Road belonging to the Petitioners, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Francis Child, Mr. Sheppard,

Mr. Yates, Sir John St. Aubin, Mr. Balle, Mr. Longue-ville, Mr. Lehcup, Mr. Treby, Mr. Knight, Mr. Heron,

Mr. Brodie, Mr. Life, Mr. Finch, Mr. Price, Mr.

Bathui'st, Mr. Oglethorpe, Lord James Cavendish, Lord J. Murray, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Chester,

Sir Geo. Wynne, Mr. Ongley, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Gore,

Mr. Ashby, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr.

May, Mr. Bramston, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Locleumd,

Sir Charles Vernon, Sir James Campbell, Mr, Whitworth,

Sir James Grant, Mr. Harley, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr.

Hay, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Bradshaw, Mr Packer,

Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Lloyd\ Sir Francis Boynton,

Sir Orl. Bridgman, Mr. Alderman WUlimott, Captain Martin, Mr. Alderman Parsons: and all the Members w ho serve for the Counties of Essex and Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir John Rushoat presented to the House, according to Regulating Order, a Bill for the further Regulating of Elections of Moni Members to serve in Parliament for Cities, Boroughs,

Towns, and Ports, in that Part of Great Britain called England: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the JJiUJbe printed.

A Petition of Thomas Smith Esquire, Lord of the Manor Supplying of Farlingten, in the County of Southampton, was Portsmouth presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That ^Wats ' there being a great Want of good and wholsome Water for supplying the Town of Portsmouth, the Garrison, publick Offices, and Ships of War, the Petitioner hath been, encouraged to find out Means of supplying the same with good Water; and that the Petitioner has thereupon lately discovered several Springs in the said Manor of Partington, at the Distance only of Four Miles, and from whence good and wholsome Water may be conveyed, sufficient to supply the said Town; which Water the Petitioner is willing to undertake to convey to the said Town, for

th*

Punishng Rogues and Vagabonds, See.

Dn Bouverie's Name.

Supply Bill; Laud Tax.

Dnnstable, fcc. Road.

10 Geo. II. i 6°M 805

the Services aforesaid; but that the conveying the said Water pure and wholiome, will be attended with great Expence: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable him to supply the said Town, and Parts adjacent, with good and wholsome Water, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House flia.ll seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for the more effectual punishing Rogues and Vagabonds, and for the better Relief and Employment of such poor Persons as are therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

ReJ'olvedy That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Hucks reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling Sir Jacob Des Bouverie Baronet, and John Des Bouverie Esquire, and their respective Issue, and Elizabeth Des Bouverie his Sifter, to take and use the Surname of Bouverie, pursuant to the Deft re of Jacob Des Bouverie Esquire, and Sir Christopher Des Bouverie, deceased, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty seven: And the same was received; and read the Fir It time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, one of the First Year of his late Majesty, and the other of the Eighth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways to and through 67. Albans, was presented to the House, and read; felting forth, That the Petitioners find, that several Persons have, of late Years, drove Cattle through private Grounds and Passages, in order to avoid the Payment of the Tolls granted by the first, and continued by the last mentioned Act, whereby the said Toll has been much abated; and that the Petitioners are not, by either of the said Acts, sufficiently empowered to prevent the fame; and that there is a Bill depending, before this House, for inlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road between Dunjlabk and Shafford House; by which last mentioned Act the Petitioners and Trustees are empowered to act with the Trustees appointed tb put the said last mentioned Act in Execution: And therefore praying, That some Provision may be made, iti the Bill now depending, to empower the Petitioners to prevent the Driving of Cattle through private Grounds and Passages, to avoid the Payment of the 'foil charged thereupon by the said Acts of the First Year of his late Majesty, and the Eighth Year of his present Majesty.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Black Bull Inn, in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shafford Hbuje,\n the County of Hertford, That they do make Provision therein, according to the Prayer Of the said petition. Vol. 22.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for preferTation the better preserving all such Ships, and Goods thereof, of which shall happen to be forced on Shore, or strandecP, Shipwrecks, upon the Coasts of this Kingdom, or any other of his Majesty’s Dominions: And that Mr. Alderman Perry,

Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Pollen, and Me. Sevan, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Justices, Burgesses, and Okeharaptou other principal Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough Market, of Okehampt.on, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Town and Borough have, by virtue of several Charters, Grants, and Conveyances, held a Market weekly, and several Fairs yearly, in the said Town; and received such Tolls, Rents, and Sums of Mone\% as are made payable by the said Charters, Grants, and Conveyances, for Stallage and Standings, or otherwise, there, for a long Continuance of Time, amounting annually to a considerable Sum of Money; and that good Part thereof arises from the Weighing of White Yarn, commonly called M hite Shute; for which Purpose the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Town, for the Time being, keep publick Scales and Weights, and proper Servants to attend, in order that no lnjustice be done either to the Buyer or Seller, and to receive for every Score Four Pence, the Income whereof generally amounted to Eighty Pounds per Annum, or upwards; and that, out of the Produce of this, and other Revenues belonging to the said Town, a Chaplain and Grammar Schoolmaster is allowed a Salary, and the Chapel, School-house, Bridges, and Streets, repaired, and other necessary Officers maintained; but that, for about Ten Years last past, there hath been a great Abatement in the Revenue arising from the said Markets and Fairs, by reason of a great Number of Spin-ning-houses being set up in the Neighbourhood, whereby the Dealers in Wool set out certain Quantities thereof to the Poor for Spinning, at a very low Price; and, instead of setting out Sixteen Ounces, generally allot such poor People Eighteen or Twenty Ounces to the Pound, which is never brought to any publick Market; and that such Dealers frequently, instead of prompt Payment in Money, oblige the Spinners to take Goods at an extravagant Price, by way of Barter, contrary to the Laws now in being; whereby the poor People are much opprested, and coufequently the Yarn not so well lpun as it ought to be, and the berg^s not brought to their usual Peifeftion: And therefore praying the House to give Leave to bring in a Bill for redressing the Grievances aforesaid, or to give the Petitioners such Other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Chancellor, Matters, and Scholars, yjntners of the Univerttty of Cambridge, was presented to the Licences by House, and read; setting forth, That the University, by Uaiverfity of ancient Ciiftom, and Charters confirmed by Act of Par- Caxribn Se* liament, hath long enjoyed the foie Right of licensing Taverns, and all other publick Houses, within the Precincts of the fame; which Right hath from time to time been reserved to them by special Clauses in all Acts of Parliament relating to the Regulation of Taverns, and other publick Houses; and that, for want of such Reservation in an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of spirituous Liquors, and for licensing the Retailers thereof, several Persons, Distillers, have set up the Trade of Vintners in the Town of Cambridge, without being licensed by the University, in Prejudice to the ancient Rights and Privileges thereof: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Reliefas to the House shall seem meet.

The House was moved, That the Ninth Section of an Act, made the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to enable such 9 T Officers

8o 6 16° Martii.

Officers and Soldiers as have been in her Majesty's Service daring the late War to exercise Trades, and for Officers to account with their Soldiers, might be read: And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the more effectual preventing the Playing of Interludes within the Precincts of the University of Cambridge, x and Places adjacent, That they do insert therein a

.Clause, or Clauses, for explaining and amending so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of spirituous Liquors, and for licensing the Retailers thereof, as may affect the Privilege of the University of Cambridge with respect to licensing Taverns, and all other publick Houses, within the Precincts of the fame.

Fern-hill A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are there-&c* unto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution Two

oa s* Acts of Parliament, one of the Fifth Year of the lleign

df her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the Highway betweenFern-hill, in the County of Bedford, and the Town of Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, being the Wattingfireet Road leading from London to West Chester, and the other of the Eighth Year of the Reign of her said Majesty, for making the said Act more efTcftua!, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by the first-mentioned Act, several Tolls were granted for the Term of One-and-twenty. Years, and, by the last mentioned Act, the said Tolls were further continued for the Term of Nine Years; and that, at the time of parting both the said Acts, the Road directed to be repaired was so bad in the Winter Season, that the then acting Trustees were obliged to borrow a considerable Sum on the Credit of the said TolIts? in order to make the said Road passable; and that the Sum of f 6,484 principal Money, or thereabouts, is now due on the Credit of the said Acts; 'and that the fame, with the Income of the Tolls collected, except what hath been paid for Interest, and towards other necessary Expences, hath been laid out in repairing the said Road; notwithstanding which, the fame, by reason of many heavy-laden Waggons, and other Carriages, is now very deep and founderous; and that proper Materials for amending the same lie at a great Distance from die ruinous Parts of the said Road; ‘and that, unless the said Terms granted and continued as aforesaid, which are near expiring, are enlarged, and ^further Power granted, the Monies due, as aforesaid, cannot be repaid, nor can the said Highway be effectually amended, and made safe and commodious, and so kept for the future: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the said former Acts, for so long Time, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Regulating A Petition of several Merchants of London, whose Merchant Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the eamen. House, and read; letting forth, That an Act was passed in the Second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service; wherein several useful Regulations and Provisions were made, which apparently shew, that the Intention thereof was to redress the many Inconveniencies that Merchants, Owners and Masters of Ships, at that time laboured under from the Irregularities of Seamen in their Service; notwithstanding which, as the Petitioners conceive, the good Design of that Law is in a great nicafure frustrated by a Clause therein, which gives Liberty to Seamen belonging to Merchants Ships to enter into the Service of his Majesty, without incurring the Forfeiture of their Wages, or being deemed Deserters; and that this Liberty occasions the Petitioners t<* be put under great Difficulties; frequent Instances having happened, where Seamen have entered thomselves on board Men of War when they have been in remote Countries, and thereby eecafioned several Masters of Ships to be detained from

pursuing their Voyages, by obliging them to Hop in foreign Ports, till they could have other Seamen to navigate their Vessels; and that the Delays so occ a tinned have been attended with treble the Lx pence which ot her-wife would in the said Voyages have been incurred; and that, l»v reason of the aforesaid Hardships, Expences, and Delays, the Navigation and Commerce of this Kingdom is discouraged, and injured greatly: And therefore praying, That the said Act may be so explained and amended, as that no Seamen, hired on board any Merchant Ship or Vessel, dial I be at Liberty to quit such Service after the Sailing or Departure of such Ships or Vessels from any Port or Place in this Kingdom, on the Penalty of forfeiting the Wages due to him; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Samuel Bonham, Christopher A (Hey, Capture of Benjamin Weale, and jfofcph Crowchcr, on behalf of AuneGa.ley themselves, as Owners, and for the Seamen, Ssc. of the ‘^'1*

Ship A?ine Galley, of London, Burden One hundred and l)ai,a* s* Thirty Tons, or thereabouts, Jofeplt Spackman, Mailer, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners, on the Fourth of December 1728, and fmee, have delivered to his Grace the Duke of Neiccajile,

One of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, Seven Memorials, or Petitions, addressed to his Majesty; and Four others at the Council Board, add reded to his Majesty in Council; each Memorial and Petition setting forth the great Loss the Petitioners have received by the unjust Capture of their Ship Anne Galley, and her Cargo, by the Spaniards, on the 13th Day of June 1728, in her Way from Guinea to Jamaica, alter the Pacification between the Crowns of Great Britain and Spain was not only agreed on, but notified to the respective Governments in the West Indies the same being notified at Jamaica the Third of June, and at Cartagena in Spain the Tenth of the same Month; which Ship and Cargo, with the Freight, Sic. was worth Ten thousand Five hundred Pounds Sterling, and upwards, besides the Loss of Interest for that Sum to this time, being upwards of Seven Years; in all. which Petitions and Memorials the Petitioners have befoughthis Majesty’sFavour, Interest, and Protection, in recovering their Loss from the Spaniards; yet, notwithstanding his Majesty'\s Goodness, in endeavouring, by all peaceable Methods, to obtain Satisfaction for such their Loss; and in fending Two several Ships of War from Jamaica, to demand liestitution at St. Jago de Cuba; and in making, by his Minister Benjamin Keene Esquire, at the Court of Spain, Demand for the said Ship and Cargo, or the Value thereof; and in having obtained several Orders from the King of Spain, and his Minister Don Joseph Patinho, to his Governor and Royal Officers at St. Jago de Cuba, One dated at Seville the 28th of December 1731, and One dated the 23d February 1733, wherein his Catholick Majesty allows thp Ship to be an unjust Capture, and orders his Governor, SCc. to cause immediate Restitution to be made, without making any Reply to those Orders; notwithstanding all this, and contrary, as the Petitioners apprehend, to the Second separate Article of the Treaty of Seville, and those made by his Majesty’s Royal Predeceffois, and particularly the Fourteenth Article of the Treaty 1C70, between England mid Spain, and confirmed by the other Treaties, particularly that of Utrecht in the Year 1 -/13 (by which Fourteenth Article it is stipulated, That if Justice is denied, or unreasonably delayed, it shall be lawful for that King, whose Subjects have suffered, to take any Rules or Methods, according to the Law of Nations, until Reparation be made to the Sufferers), no Satisfaction could be obtained; and that therefore, upon the Address of the Petitioners to his Majesty in Council, on the 1 7H1 January 1733-4* his Majesty, by the Advice of his Council, the 21st of February 1733-4, did signify his Royal Pleasure to his Ministerat the Court of Spain, That he do, in his Majesty’s Name, represent to the Catholick King, That his Majesty looks upon himfclfas obliged, by

«1

Bridge.

i o Geo. II. 16° Martii. 807

the Failure of Justice in the West Indies to his Majesty’* Subjects, to infill, that the Catholick king do furlhwith cause Reparation to be made to the IVtitioners for their Loss and Damage: On which another Order was forwarded to St. Jago dc Cuba, to the Governor and Royal Officers, to make full Restitution for the said Loss and Damage; by which the Factors of the Petitioners, on the 9th of June 1734, received out of the Royal C hell at St. Jago One thousand Eight hundred and Sixty Pieces of Eight, and an Order for Five hundred and Sixty Pieces of Eight, and Two Xegr*-men, more, which the said Factors have since received; w ho say, that nothing more is ever to be expected out of the IVtJl Indies, as appears by their several Letters, the Copy of which hath, from time to time, been delivered at the Council Office, and the Office of the Duke of Xexccajlie; but that nothing more hath been recovered or received either from the // rfi Indies, or from the Court of Spain: And therefore, since his Majesty was graciously p loafed, the I aft Session, to lay the sevenff Memorials and Petitions, relating to this unhappy Capture, before this House, praying the House to take this their unhappy same tinder Consideration, and grant them such Relief as to ihe House shall l’eein meet.

G/v/era/, That the salt! Petition do lie upon the Table.

The laird Snndon reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissbmers appointed by an Act, of the lull Seffiort of Parliament, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Acre Palace-yard, in the City of U'ejlminster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surry, u:;s teferred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report llie- fame, ns it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in h:s Place; and afterwards delivered it in at tin* Clerk s Table: W here the same was read; and is as follow et li; viz.

Tli.- Committee have, pnrfuatit to the Order of the I Lire, examined the Matter of the said Petition; an.! do ivport to the House,

That Sr Ju/t pit Ah h if 1 !‘unmet, Clerk to the said Commissioners, was called 10 prove the Allegations of the Petit ion: Who acquainted the Committee, I hat the Com* initiioners have had frequent Meetings for putting in Execution the Powers gi\cn them by the said Act, and that p: opci Officer* have* been appointed to attend them; and that they have rec ived lever.d Proposalsfrom Artificers and others. for building the said Bridge; and have agreed with the Directors of the Bank of England to allow ihcm for tin-ir Caie, Trouble, and Hazard, if the Lottery took effect, the Sum ot£. 2,000 or in proportion to that Sum for 1 lie Money they should receive on account of the said Lottery.

Then a Certificate was laid before the Committee, from the Bank of England, certified by M r. Daniel Race one of their Caftuers, that the Sum of £. 43,116 and no more, had been received on account of the said Lottery.

Mr. Richard Shirgold, sworn Broker, was called, and examined; and, being asked, W hat he apprehended to be the Reasons that the Lottery did not fill ? he informed the Committee, That the Conditions thereof were generally esteemed to be so very di('advantageous, that the moneyed People did not think it their Inteielt to engage therein; and that, in order to make it effectual, he apprehended there should be a Premium of Two per Cent. given to the Suhlcribers of Fifty Pickets, and upwards.

And said, That the Clause, in the late Ad, for prohibiting the DispofaJ of Chances of Tickets for the said Lottery, for any lei's Time than the whole Time of drawing thereof, was another Reason why the said Lottery did not take Effect; and that he believed, if Liberty was allowed for disposing of the Chances of Tickets for an unlimited Time, it might be a Means of making the said Lottery effectual.

And he said, That it might be necessary that the Clause in the late Act of Parliament, subjecting any Office-VpL. 22.

keeper to the Penalty of £. 500 for taking a Premium for the Repayment of any Sum of Money on any Ticket or Tickets which shall be drawn fortunate, should extend only to such Office-keeper that should sell and dispose of the Chance of any Ticket or Tickets, which he had not the actual Po Hellion of during the whole Time of drawing the said Lottery, or till such Ticket or Tickets was or were drawn.

And said, That bethought the Commissioners should have a dilcretionary Power granted them to lock up, and stand the drawing of, such Tickets, for the Account of the said Bridge, which should remain feribed.

And also. That the Subicrihers under the lass Act should have the faing Advantage astheSubscribers tinder this intended Act; and that, if the whole Number of Tickets were not subscribed or accepted by the Commissioners for the Account of t he Bridge, lb that the Subscription should he entirely closed in One Month after the Books should be opened at the Bank; then, and in such Case, the Subicrihers should have their Money returned again, on Demand.

And, being asked by the Committee, Whether lie had communicated these Observations to any Persons; said. That he had to several; and that it was the general Opinion of those who were likely to be large Subscribers, that, if the foregoing Particulars were granted, the Lottery might be (bon filled.

And being further aiked, Whether he believed, that, if the said Allowance of Two per Cent. Premium to the Subicrihers of Fifty Tickets, and upwards, might not make the said Lottery effectual, without having the Liberty of disposing of the Chances of Tickets for such au unlimited Time as afore-mentioned ? gave for Answer, That Six per Cent, would not be sufficient for that Purpose, without such Liberty.

Thomas Ripley Esquire, Comptroller of his Majesty’* Works, being then examined, and asked, What the Charges might amount to, in building a Stone Bridge at Palace-yard, Westminster ? said. That there were Two Ways of building a Stone Bridge; the one Way was, by making a solid Bed of Piles, duff-tailed together; drove Eight or Ten Feet deep, or as deep as the nature of the Soil would permit, and to he Eighteen Inches below Low-water Mark, and from thence wholly Stone, and Thirty Feet wide in the Clear, with the Recedes on each Pier, would cost the Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds, and he a convenient Bridge for Man, Horse, and all other Carriage; and that the said Bridge might be completely finished in Three Summers, if not in Two.

And being aiked. If there were any Person or Persons that would undertake to build and complete the the said Bridge for that Sum, and give sufficient Security for executing the same ? said, There were Persons that would undertake to do it, and give sufficient Security.

And also informed the Committee, That the other Way of building a Stone Bridge was, by carrying down Piers to the Bed of the River; and that only laving the Foundations thereof would cost One hundred thousand Pounds at lead, betides the Charge of building the said Bridge.

And being aiked, What the Charge of building a Stone Bridge, on duff’tailed Piles, at the Horse-ferry, would be, said, That it might be built for Seventy thou-f.uul Pounds at most; the River being the re but 850 Feet w ide, and at Palace-yard, Westminster, 1,072 Feet.

And being asked. What the Charge of building aTim-ber Bridge at Palace-yard, Westminster, would be, upon the same Plan that Fulham Bridge was built? said, There would be great Difficulties in buildingaTimber Bridge at Palace-yard, by reason the Waterat Low-water Mark was Ten Feet deep, and flowed 14 Feet perpendicular; whereas at Fulham Bridge it was only Six Feet at Low-water Mark, and flowed Eight Feet only at High Water; so that the Charges of a Bridge at Palace-yard, Westminster, could not ealily be compared to that at Fulham; but believed, that a Timber Bridge might be built at Palace-yard, Westminster, for the Sum of Twenty-lix thousand Pound, or thereabouts; and that the same could not be finished in less than Two Years, by reason such Scat!ings

808 i6° Martiu A. 1736.

Westminster Timber, nefceflary for building the fame, could not Bridge. be provided in less than One Year: And being asked, What the Charges would amount to in building a Timber Bridge at the Horse-ferry? said, He believed it might be completed in Two Years for Twenty thousand Pounds.

And further said, That, if a Stone Bridge was erected either at Palace-yard, Westminster, or at the Horse-ferry, there are Materials in Town sufficient (if wanted) to begin the same forthwith.

And being asked, What the clear Profits of the Toll at Fulham Bridge might amount to? said, He believed Two thousand Pounds/vr Annum, or thereabouts: And then being asked, What the Toll of the Bridge built at the New Palace-yard, Westminster, or at the Horse-ferry, might produce, if the same Toll was granted as at Fulham f said, That he believed the Income would be at Jeaft Three or Four times as much as that at Fulham; and that, in Conversation with others, he found that they were of the same Opinion with him.

And then being asked, How long Fulham Bridge was building? said, That it was begun in March 1728, and finished in Christmas following: And being likewise asked. How long it might stand, before any considerable Repairs would be wanting to be done thereto; said, That there had been feme Repairs donefir.ee the building the said Bridge; and, in Seven Years more, it will want considerable Repairs.

And being asked, How long a Stone Bridge would stand, without any considerable Repairs ? said, Five hundred Years, if built in a plain and substantial manner, as proposed.

And being then asked. How wide the River was at Fulham, and at the Horse-ferry ? said. That the River at Fulham was 847 Feet, and the Horse-ferry 850 Feet, wide: And being asked, If a Stone Bridge was built at the Horse-ferry, whether there would be sufficient Waterway left ? said, That he believed that a Stone Bridge might be built there, and leave 720 Feet clear Waterway; which he supposed would be sufficient, by reason that the River at Peter borough-house was but 740 Feet wide between Bank and Bank; so that there will be al-xnoft the same Water-way though the Bridge as there Was between Bank and Bank at PeterIwrougk-house.

And being asked, How long a Timber Bridge might stand, if kept in Repair; and what the Charges of keeping the same in Repair Fifty Years would be ? he said. It would be equal to the Building of it twice over in the same time, allowing it was as completely finished as that at Fulham.

Nathaniel Blackerby Esquire, being asked, What he thought the Charges of making a clear Passage from Channell R010 to the Privy Garden would amount to ? said, That the purchasing the Houses and Ground ne-~cessary to be pulled down, to make a Way 30 Feet wide to the Bridge, by Computation, would cost Ten thousand Pounds, or thereabouts.

Thomas Ripley being called again, and asked, What he thought the Charges might be in making a free Passage to Palace-yard, Westminster ? said, That the Houses which must be purchased, to open a passage of 100 Feet wide to the Banqueting-house, the Rents thereof being Fifteen hundred Pounds per Annum; and the old Houses would be valued as he believed, at Twenty Years Purchase, and amount to Thirty thousand Pounds, but leave a Ground-rent of£. 600 per Annum, which would make a considerable Abatement in the Purchase-money, and reduce it to the Sum of 15 or 16 thousand Pounds.

And being asked. What the Charges might amount to, in making a clear Way on the other Side of the Water, if a Bridge was built at New Palace-yard? he said, At present there was only a bad, narrow Cart or Bridleway; and to purchase the Ground, to make a good Road through the Marshes, would amount to Seven thousand Pounds, or thereabouts; but, if a Road might be permitted to be made under the Shore from Slang ale to the Stairs of Lambeth, it might be done for

jf.bjpoo.

And being asked. What the Charges might amount to in opening and making the Road at the Horse-ferry ? said, That lie had not very well considered it; but that there were but a few old Houses in the Way in Dhiy-lane, which, he supposed, might be purchased for about £. 3,000, as near as he could compute.

And being further asked, When any Persons came over the Bridge at the Horse-ferry, who were Inhabitants of the Upper Liberty, whether they would not have a convenient Passage or Way to the fame, without coming to the Old Palace-yard? he said, He believed the Inhabitants would make it their Choice to go round by Hide-park Corner to the Upper Liberty, rather than by Old Palace-yard, and through the other Streets which lead to the Upper Liberty; and that little or no Charges would be necessary to make a Road good that Way.

And further acquainted t he Com mi ttee. That a M iddle Way might be found for building a Bridge of Timber and Stone together, thus: By building Walls Two Foot thick upon Two Rows of duff-tailed Piles, and laying Timber from Pier to Pier, and covering the same with Lead, which would keep the Timber dry, and preserve it from the Weather, so as to continue Fifty Years, at lead, with small Repairs; and would cost at Palace-yard, Westminster, besides purchasing Ways and Passages, Thirty-eight thousand Pounds, and at the Horse-ferry Thirty thousand Pounds, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the New Palace-yard, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry: And that the Lord Sundoii, and Sir Charles Wager, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Lift of the reduced Officers of* his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, intitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1737, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died upon the Establilliment of Half pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th Day of December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1737, referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Royal African Company of England be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Establi foment of the Royal African Company of England, for their several Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, with the Charges thereof for the Year 1736, distinguishing how much of the same is on Account of Trade, and how much for the Main- tenance and Defence of the said Forts and Settlements; and also an Account, how the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament, towards the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, hath been disposed of; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charges of the Royal African Company of Englandytor the Maintenance of the several British Forts and Settlements belonging to the said Company on the Coast of Africa, for the Year 1737, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, {hewing how the Money remaining unapplied the 2d of March 1735, of the Money granted in Parliament, in the Year 1735, to the Trustees for establ Hiring the Colony of Georgia in America, has been since applied by them towards settling and securing the said Colony, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament, to the Trustees, for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America, has been applied by them towards settling and securing the said Colony, be referred to the said Obmmittee.

Ordered,

F*>gn1afing

Walcrlnrn,

ice.

Lion

i«

imptuvemcDt.

Navjy alien.

WWtec1mpt*t to W oi>d!*r<J, See. Koada.

io Geo. II. i6° — 1*7°

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Rebuilding and Repairs of Ships, for the Year 1737, be referred to the fnnl Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com* mil tee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Refdtitions, which they had directed him to report, when (be House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow M «»rning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, That he was diierted by the Commitiee to move, That they may have Leave to fit attain.

Refalx ed, That this House will, upon this Day Se-vcnmglit, refulvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Wager, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Fra i.l land, Sir Gen. Cafzcall, Nlr. Inuen, Sir 'Thomas Lxjttclton, Mr. Clutterbuck, Sir Thomas Frankland, Ixml Uarnj Poult:tt, Lord Archibald Hamilton, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Burchettt Captuiu RobiifonMr. Archer, Nlr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Papillun, Mr. Jenifon, Colonel LyddtU, be added to the Committee, to w hom the Petition of the Rulers, Auditors, and Assistants of the Company of Watermen and Lightermen, m behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Compar.v, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till To-monrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

y<rvis, 170 die Martii;

Anno to* Georgii IP* Regis, 1736.

Praters.

QR DF.RED That Sir Jeremy Sambrook, Mr. Le-heup, Mr. Compton, Mr. CnJJc, Mr. Bold, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Med licet, Mr. Papillon, Sir Geo. Wynne* Mr. Hoare, Mr. Stephen fori, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Mr. My d del f on, Mr. Shaft oe, Mr. Monson, Mr Hooper, Mr. Siblhorpc, be added to tie* Committee, to whom she Petition of the Proprietors and Inhabitants of the 1 lonles in Red Lyon Square, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Ordered, Hint Mr. Lockicood, and Mr. Alderman lleathcote, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Inhabitants of the Town of Hertford, and of several Farmers, Maftfters, and Barge-owners, living in or near the said Towns, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and several Hundreds of other Per-fous residing near to, and concerned in, the Navigations of the River Lea, running from Hertford to Hare, and from thence to the River of Thames, near the City of Ijnndov, and of the Governor and Company of the new River brought from Chadicell and Amuell to London; is referred.

Sir Robert Ahdy prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for iularging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the Stones End at Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Shenfield, and to the furthermost Part of the Parish of Woodford, leading to the Town of Epping, in the County of If ex; and for repairing the Road leading from the Causeway in the Parish of Low Layton, through Wanstead, to the End of the Parish of Woodford, n^xt to the Parish of Chigwell, in the said County of Fffex; and also for re-Vo l. 22.

pairing the Road from A file-end to ‘Shoreditch Church, in the said County of Middlesex: And the same was received , and read the First time.

Rrfolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

A Bill to enable James Rollo, only Son of Robert Removing Rollo, late of Pflzchouse, deceased, to sue, or maintain Hollo’s Difan v Action or Sub, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any I)liability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him; w'as read a Second time.

Refilled, That the Bill be committed.

RtJ'ohed, l hat the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rtjbked, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Lord Harry Poiclctt reported from the Com- Hertford mittee, to whom the the Petition of several Gentlemen, Bridgr, Freeholders, and other Persons, living in, near, and &c* ftoads* frequently travelling through, the Roads leading from Hertford Bridge, through Basingsioke and Sutton, to the Borough of SlockbriJge, and from Hertford Bridge to Odiham, in the County of Southampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and allb the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, living near, and travelling through, the Road from Hertford Bridge, leading through Basingsioke, Whitchurch, and Andover, to the Meeting of the Counties of Southampton and Wilts, near to a Place called Lobcock's Corner, being Part of the great Poll Road from the City of London to the I Mints-end, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Burgestes, and Inhabitants of the ancient Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton; and of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, living in or near the Road leading from Basingsioke, through Worting,

Overton, Whitchurch, Andover, and Wallop, in the said County, to a Place called Lobcock's Comer; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Mace; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petitions:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof, the following Witnesses were called; viz.

Mr. Richard Perkins and Mr. Win. Ingram: Who severally said, That the Road from Hertford Bridge to Basingsioke is in a V(ry ruinous Condition, and, in some Places, dangerous for Passengers; and that, notwithstanding the Statute, work hath been duly performed, and several Sums of Money laid out in amending the said Road, the same cannot be effectually repaired without the Aid of Parliament.

Mr. Wm. Porter and Mr. Edward Eafiman severally said, That the Road from Hertford Bridge to Odiham was also in a very ruinous Condition; and that the Statute-work was not sufficient to repair the fame; nor could the same be effectually repaired, without an Act of Parliament for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Roads from Hertford Bridge Hill, in the County of Southampton, to the Town of Basingsioke, in the same County; and from the said Hill to the Town of Odiham, in the said County: And that the Lord Harry Poivlett, Mr. Polfen, Mr. Li fie, and Mr. St.

John, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee* WorcelUt to whom the Bill for inlarging the Term granted by an Roads. Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads, therein mentioned, leading into 9 U the

Barattv’s

Nit.*'

Improving

London

Streets*

InfoJvent

Debtors.

Supply Bill; Laud Tax.

Importat/nn of Iron from America,

Boor Relief, 4c.

8io 170 Martii* 1736.

the City of Worcester, and for repairing several other Rorids lying contiguous to the feme, is committed. That they have Power to alter and lessen the Tolls granted, or made payable, for or upon Sheep passing through any of the Turnpikes erected by virtue of the said former A6h

Mr. Alderman Perry presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Bartholomew Baratty: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Geo. Champion, Mr. Delme, Mr. Waifs, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, is referred.

Mr. Hay reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for Relief of insolvent Debtors was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirly-seven, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

ReJbLved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Merchants, and Owners of Ships, of and in the Port of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, trading to and from his Majesty’s Plantations in America, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Legifl.it 11 re have thought fit to give several Rewards for Importation of Pitchy Tar, Turpentine, Hemp, Mails, Yards, and J3pwfprits, from his Majesty s Colonies and Plantations in America, but no Encouragement upon the Importation of Iron from the said Colonies, where it is capable of being made, and is now made, in every respect, equal in Goodness with the bed Iron imported from any foreign Country, and with which this Kingdom might be supplied, In Return for our own Manufactures, and in a more certain and beneficial manner than (rom foreign Parts, in foreign Shipping, which is mostly

Surcfiafed with ready Money; and that, for want of a ue Encouragement, the Inhabitants of those Colonies have already negun to erect and set up Slitting-mills, and will be the more induced to work up and pianu-facture the said Iron themselves; which, as the Petitioners conceive^ will greatly tend to the Decay, ^lejudice, and Discouragement of the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to take the same into Consideration, and grant such Encouragement to the Importation of Bar Iron, Pigs, and Sows, from America, and to lay such ILdiraiut on their Manufacturing of Iron there, as to the House Audi seem most reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Ironmongers of this Kingdom, in behalf of themselves, and many others trading to his Majesty s Plantations in America, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Pollen presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor: And the same was received4 and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second tiipe.

Ordered, That the Bill be printed.

Mr. Glantille reported from the Committee, to whom Norton’s %he Petition of Thomas Norton Esquire, was referred, Lftatt. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; a\id had directed him to report the fame, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and the Report and Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof.

The Petitioner laid before the Committee, an Indenture of Settlement, bearing Date the Fifth of March 1657, made in pursuance of Articles previous to the Marriage of Richard Norton Esquire, Grandfather to the Petitioner, with Elizabeth lii£ Second Wife, whereby the said Richard Norton, for providing a Jointure for his Wife, and for settling the Premises in his Name and Blood, covenants with Trustees to levy a Fine to them and their Heirs, of the dissolved Priory or Manor of Ixworth, in the County of Suffolk, and of the Manor of Old Alresford, in stamp-fiire, with the Site of the said Manor, with the Appurtenances, the Advowson of the Church of Old. Alresford, a Farm called Lanham Farm, and all the Lands in the Schedule annexed to the said Indenture, of One hundred Thirty-six Acres of Coppice Wood, and all other the Messuages, 8Cc. to the said Manor of Old or Nezv Alresford thereto belonging, to the Use of the said Richard Norton, for Life, without Waste; and, after his Decease, as to the Lands in Suffolk, to the Use of his Wife, for her Jointure, in lieu of Dower; and, after the Deciafe of the said Richard and Elizabeth, then as well touching the said Manor and Refrory of Ixworth, and Lands in Suffolk, and Lanham Farm, and Lands in the Schedule mentioned, and Coppices, and other Premises, to the said Farm belonging, Parcel of the said Manor of Old Alresford, to the Use of Richard Nor I on, First Son of the said Richard and Elizabeth, and the Heirs Male of his Body, with Remainder to the Second* Third, and Fourth, and other Sons, in Tail Male; and, for Default of such Issue, to the Use of such Persons, and for such Estates, as the faief Richard Norton the Father should, by Deed or Will, appoint; and, for Default of such Appointment, to the right Heirs of the said Richard Norton, in Fee;, and as touching the Site of the Manor of Alresford,

Woods, Underwoods, and Soil of the fame, and all the Premises, with the Appurtenances, in Hampshire, not before settled, to the Use of such Child and Children of this Marriage, and for such Estates, as the said Richard the Father should, by Deed or Will, appoint; and, for Default thereof, then to the Use of the said Richard his First Son, and the Heirs Male of his Body % with Remainder to the Second, and other Sons of the* said Richard the Father, in Tail Male; with Remainder to the right Heirs of Richard the Father, in Fee; in which Deed is contained a Proviso, That the said Richard Norton the Father might, with the Confeot of the Trustees, therein named, first had in Writing, exchange, alter, revoke, and make void, all or any of the Uses of the Lands settled, or any Part thereof except the Lands settled in the Jointure upon his said Wife, and that for her Life only; and to limit and appoint such further and other Uses, for the most Advantage of the Children of the Body of the said Richard Nor--ton the Father on the Body of the said Elizabeth to be begotten:

That, upon reading of Letters of Administration, granted in 1691, upon a Sentence in the Prerogative Court; and, upon Examination of Wm. Miers, the Committee find, That the said Richard Norttm died, in the Year 1690, intestate; and that it does not appear to the Committee, That he did, in his Life-time, by Deed, make use of the Powers before-mentioned, or any of them-. That he left Issue the said Ridtard,

William, and Charles:

That

v-

io Geo. II.

That the said Richard died without Issue, and Charles died unmarried; and the said William, the St -ml Son, married the Daughter of Sir Thomas Nortrn, of Coventry, who died in 1700, and left Issue Thomas Norton Esquire, the Petitioner.

And Richard Farewell being examined, said. That the said Richard\ on his Father’s Death, entered and enjoyed the Premises till 1708, in which time Charles died, as aforesaid, without Issue; and then Richard Xor ton, late of Southwick, deceased, Son of Daniel Norton, who was eldest Son of the said Richard Norton, the Grandfather of the Petitioner, by his first Wife, entered upon and enjoyed the said Premises till 1732, when lie died without Issue.

Colonel Smith, being examined, fail!. That he had known the said Richard, lately deceased, and was intimately acquainted with him for Thirty Years, and conterfed with him frequently; and that he had often heard h;m fj e ik very affectionately of the Petitioner and his Family; and, by Words that he let drop, he was convinced in his Judgment, that he intended to make the Petitioner, or his Son, his Heir, as being the next Heirs Male to the Family, of whic h, from time to time, he informed the Petitioner; and that the said Richard Norton having ft :od Godfather to the Petitioners said Son, who was christened after his own Name, he made an Entertainment, ujkiii that Occa-lion, for the Neighbours, at which he, the said Colonel Smith, was present; when the said Richard Norton declared, That now there was another Richard Norton born, he hoped I here never would be wanting a Richard Nr ton to inherit the Son/tnvick Estate, of which lie likewise informed the PcfiMoner; and that when his late Majesty was at the said Richard Nor-toils Iloiifc at Sont/izcick, he presentrd the Petitioner to his Majesty, as the Person who was to succeed him in his Ellate, as the said Colonel Smith w as informed by the Neighbours, and verily believes it to be true: And that he has heard the Petitioner say, That he had a Right to the said AI res ford Estate; hut that lie would not quarrel with the said Richard Norton about it, as he expected to he his Heir.

And Edward Hooker being examined as to the Value of the said Estate, he said, It was of the yearly Value of £.400 c lear of Reprizes; and that the Petitioner took Possession of the said Estate upon the Death of the last Richard Norton, and has been in Possession thereof ever since:

That, upon reading the Act, of the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, to enable certain Persons to propound the Papers, importing to be the last Will, Codicils, and testamentary Schedule, of Richard Nor. /on, late of South wick, in the County of Southampton, Esquire, deceased, in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, and to sue for Administration, with the same annexed, it appeared. That Mark Frccker, Nicolas Paxton, and John Lawton, Esquires, were appointed to

Eropound the said Paper Writing, or testamentary rhcdule, and to take Administration, so far as relates to the personal Estate of the said Richard Norton.

And the said Mark Frecker and John Lawton being examined, said, That, by virtue of the Letters of Administration, which were then produced to the Corn-mil tee, they have possessed themselves of the personal Estate of the said Richard Norton, and have raised, by Sale of Part thereof, the Sum of £. 8,oooo, which Sum of £.8,000 they now have in their Hands; and that they have other Efleftsundisposed of, which will amount to about £ 4,000, and they expert to receive more; and that the Petitioner has filed a Bill in the High Court of Chancery, for the Profits of the said Alresf rd Estate, during the Possession of the said last Richard Notion; and that they have infilled or> the Statute of Limitation, in their Answer, in liar to such Demands, which they would not have infilled upon, if it had been their own private same: And said. That there were 110 Creditors that had any Claim, but for final! Sums, which have been paid; and that they believed no Person Vox.. 22.

811

would have the Benefit of the Surplus* after Debts, Norton* Legacies, and Funera! Expences are paid, but the re- Estate* fiduary Legatees: And they likewise informed the Committee, That Doctor Chichely has filed a Bill in the said Court against them, for a Demand of/. 1,500,

Part of the late Richard Norton's personal Estate which was not in Hampshire.

And, upon reading the Petitioner's Bill filed ill the said Court, against the Administrators and his Majesty’s Attorney General, for a Discovery, Account of, and Satisfaction for, the Profits of the Premises, while the said Richard Norton held the fame, it appears to the Committee, by the Answer put in by the Defendants thereto, that they insist on the Statute of Limitation, in Bar to any Demand made by the Petitioner in his Bill; and hope to have the like Advantage thereof, as if they had pleaded the fame.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions; vix.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Petitioner has proved the Allegations of his Petition.

Refitved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, iuthuled. An Act for Limitation of Actions, and for avoiding Suits in Law, should not be pleaded, infilled on, nor taken Advantage of, against the Petitioner Thomas Notion Esquire.

Refilled, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House he moved for Leave to bring in a Bill to prevent the Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for Limitation of Actions, and for avoiding Suits in Law, being pleaded, infilled on, or taken Advantage of, against any Claim, Title, or Demand, Thomas Norton Esquire hath to or up >n the Manor of Old Alrcs-fird, and Lands in llampshire, settled by Indenture the Fifth of March 1657, or Bents and Profits tllfTCof.

The Second Refutation being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the Act, made in the 21st Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for Limitation of Actions, and for avoiding Suits in Law, being pleaded, insisted on, or taken Advantage of, by any Persons claiming under the last Will of Richard Nor* ton, of Southwick, deceased, against any Claim, Title, or Demand, Thomas Norton Esquire hath to or upon ♦he Manor of Old Alrcsford, and Lands in Hampshire, settled by Indenture of the Fifth of March 1657, or the Rents and Profits thereof: And that Mr. Glanville and Mr. Hume Campbell do prepare, and bring in* the fame.

An ingrossed Bill to continue an Act, made in the Preventing Seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the infamous Practice of J0 ID°‘ Stockjobbing, was read the Third time.

Refilled, Nemine contradicente, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to make perpetual an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the infamous Practice of Stockjobbing.

Ordered, That Sir John Rushout do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

Ordered, That the Commissionerfi of the Customsdo Steel lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Steel imported into this Kingdom, from Christmas 1718 to Christmas 1736, the Duty payable thereon, and what the Duties have amounted to; distinguishing each Year, and each Country from whence imported.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House. an Account of the Quantity of Steel exported from this Kingdom, from Christmas 1718 to Christmas 1736; distinguishing each Year.

Sir

170 Martii.

Supply.

Copyright of printed Books.

812

170 — 18°

A. 1736.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole I louse, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwardsdelivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards setting and securing the Colony of Georgia in America.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to be applied towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements, belonging to the Royal African Company of England, on the Coast of Africa.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Four thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, towards the repairing and fmishing the Collegiate Church of St. Peter's, Westminster.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-four thousand Six hundred and Eighty-five Pounds Two Shillings and Six Pence, be grauted to his Majesty, upon Account, for reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1737.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Nine hundred and Forty-five Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, as died upon the Eliablishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th Day of December 1716, for the Year 1737.

Resolved., That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding-Fifty-thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards the rebuilding and repairing the Ships of the Royal Navy, for the Year

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved ilself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the better Encouragement of Learning, by the more effectual securing the Copies of printed Books to the Authors or Purchasers of such Copies, during the Times therein to be mentioned; and to repeal an Act, passed in the Eighth Year; of the Iteign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Learning, by veiling the Copies of printed Books in the Authors or Purchasers of such Copies, during the Times therein mentioned; and for the better securing the Payment of the Drawback of the Duties for Paper used in printing Books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental, and Northern Languages, within the Two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Cornbuiy took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Cornbury reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom* itig next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris,i8° die Martii;

Anno 10° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1736.

Prayers.

A BILL for making navigable the River or Brook Worsley called Wor fey Brook, from JVorfey Mil ns, in the Brook. Township of Woijley, in the County Palatine 01 Lan-caller, to the River Irwell, in the said County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Bold, Mr. Lifer, Mr. Chamberlain, Mr.

Yorke, Sir James Grant, Sir JFalter Bago/t, Mr. Whitworth, Lord Gage, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Mediycott,

Mr. Smith, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Bramfion, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Sir James Campbell, Mr. Plump/re, Mr.

Hay, Mr. Balhurst, Mr. Parsons, Sir Wm. Hea lit cote,

Mr. Harley, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Iledworfh. Mr.

Laroche, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Knight, Mr. Reran,

Lord Polzvarth,$ir Nathanael Curzon, Captain Martin,

Mr. Archer, Siv John Barnard, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Lockyear, Mr. Gore, Mr. Gregory, Mr.

Waller, Sir Jermyn Davers, Sir Win. Clayton, Sir Janies Lozvther, Mr. Foley, Lord Sidney Bean clerk, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Sir John lleathcote. Sir Hurry Gough, Sir Thomas Sander Jon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, Derby, and York;

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom Worcester the Bill for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, l^acts, palfed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, an Act for repairing several Roads, therein mentioned, leading into tlxe City of Worcester; and for repairing several other Roads lying contiguous to the same; was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, agreed to by llie I louse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed, That Mr. Cozcdery, from National the Exchequer, attended at the Door; Debt.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Houf1, pursuant to their Order, a Slate of the National Debt, as it was the First Day of February last.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said State was read.

And the said State is as follows; viz.

L.

f.

P«tC in

V'inp in diiju it

*<<-. Nat.

i o G E o. IL i 8° Martii.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled: A ST A TE of the National Debt, as it was the First Day of February last.

Exchequer.

Annuities for long Terms; bring the Remainder of the original Sum contributed, and uiisubscribed to the South Sea Company -

Annuities for Lives, with Benefit of Survivorship; being the original Sum contributed -Annuities for 1 wo and Three Lives; being the Sutn remaining, after deducting what is fallen in by Deaths -

Annuities at £.$ per Cent, per Annum; being the Remainder of the original Sum unftib-

fcrilH-d to the South Sea Company....

Annuities on Lottery, Anno 1710; being the Remainder of the original Sum feribed

to the South Sea Company - ....

Annuities on the Plate Ad, Anno 6t# Georgii 1"1 Regis, at £. 4 per Cent.per Annum Annuities on Sir is and St. Christopher's Debentures, at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum Annuities at £. 3. 10s. per Cent. Anno 1731 ....

Exchequer Bills on the Victuallers Act, Anno 1726, at £.3 per Cent, per Annum Ditto, made out for filtered on Old Bills exchanged -

Duties on Salt continued, Anno 1734, at £. 4 per Centum per Annum -

Ditto, Anno x 73',* at ditto -

Annuities, Anno 1 746, at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum, charged on the Sinking Fund

Note, The Laud Taxes and Duties on Malt, being annual Grants, are not charged in this Account, nor the £. 1,000,000 charged on the Deductions of 6d. per Pound.

East India Company.

By Two Acts of Parliament 9* Will id mi 3,h Regis, and Two other Acts 6# et 10° Ann& licgin.e% the Annuity granted by the said Acts has, by an Act 3° G'corgii 1IJi Regis, reduced from £. 5 /n r Cent, per Annum -

Bank of England.

On their original Fund, at £. 6 per Cent, per Annum -

For Exchequer Bills cancelled. Anno 30 Georgii Im' Regis, at £.4 per Cent, per Annum Purchased of the South Sea Company, at ditto -

Annuities charged on the Duties on Coals since Lady-day 1719, at ditto Ditto, on the Surplus of the Funds for Lottery 17*4, at ditto -

Annuities for the Lottery 1731, at £. 3 per Cent. transferable at the Bank

South Sea Company.

On their capital Stock, and Annuities, per Act 90 Georgii Primi Regis, a £.4 per Cent, per Annum ——

c-

1,836,275 17 ioj 108,100-----

i2.5»549 8 — 4 161,108 6 8

109,290 -

312,000 ——

37.8ji 5 1$

400,000 -

481,400 — — 2,200 — —

780.000 -

500.000 -

600.000 — —

3.200.000 -

1.600.000 —

1.500.000 — — -

4,000,000 — — z,75°,oooo-----

1.250.000 — —

800,000-----

28,302,203 5 6k

Exchequer, the 18th Day of March 173G.

Ordered, That the said State do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill for continuing an Act for the more effectual cl punishing wicked and evi!-disposed Persons going ’ armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Yi«h nces to the IYrfons and Properties of Ids Majesty’s Subjects; and for the more speedy bringing the Ofienders to Justico; and for continuing Two Chmfes to pretent the cutting or breuking down the Bank of any River, or Sea Bank; and to prevent the malicious Cutting of Hop-binds; contained in an Act; passed in the Sixtii Year of his present Majesty’s Reign; was read a Second time.

Rejalved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Devon. Mr. Pollen, Sir NathanaelCurzon, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. /t'other, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Longueviltc, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Trcby, Sir Jennyn Dovers, Lord Sidinnj Be an clerk, Mr. Gaide/1, Mr. Shuttlezcorth, Mr. Vorkc, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Plumptrc, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Erasmus Phillips, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Chamberlaine, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mi\ Tower, Sir James Grant, Sir Thomas Lout her, Mr. Marshall, Mr. Whitworth, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Bance, Mr. May, Mr. Compton, Sir Thomas Sounder£on, Sir Robert Abdy. Sir Nicolas ff'illiams. Mr. Knight, Mr. Corbet, Sir Wm. Heath cote, Lord Polwarth, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Balhurst, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Bradjhow. Si*- Robert GroJ-venor, Mr. Archer-, and all th^ . riflemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Hotife proceeded to take intd Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

Yro l. 22.

47-855.948 3 3i

Nathanel Cowdery.

An Act for naturalizing Nicolas Mugens, John Timmerman, and Theodore Davtl:

And the said Amendments were read; and areas follow; viz.

Prrfs 1. Line 8. Leave out and

L. 10. After44 Szcifferlandinfert 4t EJier Moreau, Wife of James Philip Moreau, of Knightf-4< bridge, in the County of Middlefe.r, and Daughter of John Chairgneau, by Mary his Wife, horn at Saintes, in Xantoigne in France; Albert Schafter, " Son of Jacob Schaffer, by IlJ'abe his Wife, born at <c Hamburg; David Palairet, Son of Dominique 41 Palairet, by Mary his Wife, born at Mountalban, " in 2itcrcy in France; Frederick JeuJh, Son of John Christopher JeuJh, by Juliana his Wife, born in the Lower Palatinate in Germany; and Stephen " Solier, Son of Murk Solier, by Elizabeth his Wife; 44 born at St. Felix de Sorgue, in the Diocese of Vabre <c iu Rocrguc

L. 20. Leave out<c and:"

L. 2i. After Davelf insert Ejllter Moreau, Albert Schafter, David Palairet, Frederick <c JeuJh, and Stephen Solier

L. 32. Leave out and:"

L. 33. After Davelf insert tK Ejler Moreau, Albert Schafter, David Palairet, Frederick " JeuJh, and Stephen Solier:*’

Profs 2. L. 18. Leave out and and, after 44 Da~

44 Calf insert Ejler Moreau, Albert Schafter, David Palairet, Frederick JeuJh, and Stephen Solier L. 27. Leave out and:*

L. 28. After Davclf insert Eft her Moreau, Albert Schafter, David Palairet, Frederick JeuJh, and Stephen Solier

9 X In

Gooq\<i

D*sBouve-rie’s Name.

Relief of distressed Mariners at Leghorn.

Payment

Rents.

Ways and Means.

814 18°- — 2i° A- *736.

In the Title of the Bill, last Line, Leave out " and, *' and, after ct Davclinfert " and others.*

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir James Campbell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling Sir Jacob Des Bouverie Baronet, and John Des Bouverie Esquire, and their respective Issue, and Elizabeth Des Bouverie, Sifter of the said John, to take and use the Surname of Bouverie, pursuant to the Desire of Jacob Des Bouverie Esquire, and Sir Christopher Des Bouverie, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling Sir7ac0& Des Bouverie Baronet, and John Des Bouverie Esquire, and their respective Issue, and Elizabeth Des Bouverie, Sifter of the said John, to take and use the Surname of Bouverie, pursuant to the Desire of Jacob Des Bouverie Esquire, and Sir Chri opher Des Bouverie, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Hacks do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Alderman Willimot presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for collecting, at the Port of Leghorn in Italy, small Sums of Money, for Relief of Mariners fliipwrecked, and taken in War, and other his Majesty'sSubjects, and for other pious and charitable Uses, to which the Merchants trading the re have usually contributed: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House was moved, That an Act:, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Security of Rents; and to prevent Frauds committed by Tenants; might be read.

And the Three First Sections thereof were read.

The House was also moved, That an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for enabling the Sale of Goods distrained for Rent, in case the Rent be not paid in a reasonable time, might be read.

And the Three First Sections thereof were read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the further and more effectual securing the Payment of Rents; and to prevent the Frauds of Tenants: And that Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Holland, Mr. Bex an, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Oglethorpe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Net Income into the Exchequer of the Duties on Sweets, for Seven Years, ended at Michaelmas last; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Net Produce of the Excise upon Mead, for Four Years last past, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his LnuiiTax. Majesty, by a Land l ax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1737.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee,

That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Mon day Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 210 die

Anno 10° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1736.

PllAYERS.

MR. Bramflon presented to the House, according to R0(jon Order, a Bill for making navigable the River Navigation. Rodon, from a little below a Mill, called Barking Mill, in the County of Esse.r, to Ilford Bridge, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for inlarging the Term granted by y\TorCcftei'

an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his )ioadS;

late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act

for repairing several Roads, therein mentioned, leading

into the City of Worcester; and for repairing several

other Roads lying contiguous to the lame; and for

reducing the Toll or Duties granted on Sheep and

Lambs, by the said Act; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act for inlarging the Term granted by an Act,

passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for

repairing several Roads, therein mentioned, leading

into the City of Worcester; and for repairing several

other Roads lying contiguous to the fame; and for,

reducing the Toll or Duties granted on Sheep and j

Lambs, by the said Act. [

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. I

- \

A Petition of the poor infol vent Debtors in the several Debtors,) Prisons for the County of Nottingham, and for the Town Petition,

and County of the Town, of Nottingham, on behalf of

themselves, and all other Prisoners under the like unhappy Circumstances, in the several Gaols of this Kingdom, w?as presented to the House, and read; i

complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

1

Mr. Robert Hacks reported from the Committee, to St. Ola* whom the Petition of Philip Afchcough Clerk, Rector, Soirbwj Edmund Browne, Daniel Alexander, and William Leffoe, ( hnrc*

Churchwardens of the Parish of St. Olave, lying in the City of J^ondon, and Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry, and other Inhabitants of the said Parish, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; (

and is as follow's; viz. I

The

io Geo. II.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition: And, in order to prove the Allegations thereof,

Mr. 7homas Hucks was called: Who, being examined, said, That the Church of the said Parish had been built about 500 Years; and that, for these 30 Years last past, the annual Expence of repairing the same had been from £. 60 to £. 100; except in the Year 1718, when £. 1,000, and 1719, when£. 400 was laid out in the Repairs thereof; notwithstanding which, as appeared by the Evidence of,

Mr. Geo. Dance, Surveyor, being examined, said, That Two-thirds of the said Church were tumbled down; and the remaining Third, now* Handing, is in To ruinous a Condition, that it is absolutely necessary to take it down.

He further acquainted the Committee, That the Parish confided of above 15,000 Inhabitants; and that, by an Estimation that he had made, the Expence of rebuilding the said Church would amount to £.5,000 or thereabouts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rebuilding the Church of the Parish of St. Olavet in the City of London, and the Borough of Southwark. in the Cotfnty of Surrey: And that Mr. Robert Hacks, Mr. Medlicott, and Colonel Onslow, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Colchester Captain Martin reported from the Committee, to Streets, whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Assistants, and Common Council, of the Borough of Colchester, in the County of F.ffex, in behalf of themselves, and other the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and the Liberties thereof, was referred, That, the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition: And, in order to prove the Allegations thereof, George Wegg Esquire, Colonel John Price, and Wm. Mahew, were called: Who, being severally examined, said. That the Pavements of the Streets and Lanes of the said Town, a Mile of which is the direct Road from London to Harwich, are in a very bad and ruinous Condition; and mull so remain, unless further Powers are given than what, by the Laws now in being, the Corporation are at present inverted with; the same having, as they apprehended and believed, been duly put in Execution, but found ineffectual; which, as they thought, in some measure, arose from this, that several Houses in the said Streets had of late Years been pulled down, and others were untenanted; so that the Work that used to be done by the Inhabitants ofthofe Houses, in repairing of the Streets, was now so much Loss to the said Town.

They further laid, That it would be of general Convenience to Travellers, as well as to the Inhabitants, to have the Streets well enlightened, as also to have a regular Watch and Ward kept; the Watch and Ward, as now kept in pursuance of the Statute at Winchester, being of little or no Use; but that there was no Law now in being, to enable the Inhabitants to make a Sufficient Assessment or defraying the necessary Charges that mud arise from so great Conveniences being procured to the said Town.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Cleaning, Paving, Repairing, and Enlightening of the Streets and lLanes in the Town of Colchester, in the County of Esse:r, and for appointing a regular Watch within the said Town: And that Captain Martin, Mr. Houblon, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Brain-Jion, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Leafhes, and Mr, Charles Stanhope, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

I3^h^rifty Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

\Vrit *he ^e>‘k of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Vol. 22.

81

electing a Burgess to serve in this Parliament for the University of Oxford, in the room of William Bromley Esquire, deceased.

A Bill for the further Regulating of Elections of Regulating Members to serve in Parliament for Cities, Boroughs,

Towns, and Ports, in that Part of Great Britain called England, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this Lloufe will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords* by Mr. John Bennet and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Punishing for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the bet- Mutiny and ter Payment of the Army and their Quarters, without ertl0Ii* any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Dunbar for continuing an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Harbour* Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dur.bar, fur improving and preserving the Harbour, and repairing the Town-house, and building a School, and other publick Buildings there, and for Supplying the said Town with fresh Water, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for the Qualification of Persons acting as Qualification Trustees for repairing the Roads within that Part of Trustees of Great Britain called England, was read a Second or ua time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Robert Hacks, Sir John Ileathcole, Mr. Sandys. Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Crosse, Sir Jermyn Davers,

Mr. Tozvnjhend, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Archer, Mr. Thomas Archer, Sir Francis Boynton, Sir John Shelley, Mr. Walker, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Yorke,

Mr.Turner, Mr. Bevan, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Lyttelton,

Mr. Plumplre, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fox, Mr.

Hay, Sir Thomas Saunderson, Mr. Parsons, Sir Chr.

Powell, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Hampden*

Sir Nathanael Curzon, Dr. Lee, Sir John Rnjhcut, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Ojbaldijton, Colonel Middleton, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. IJungerford, Mr*

Smith, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Crowle, Sir James Grant, Mr*

Cary, Sir Thomas Clarke, Lord Polwarth, Lord Lime* rick, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Wilkinson, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Bance, Sir Johi Kay, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Gybbon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all that come are to have Voices.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to inlarge the Number of Trustees for repairing the Roads within that Part of Great Britain called England, under certain Qualifications and Restrictions.

Wiy4

Sir Charles Turneraccording to Order, reported and Mean& from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to*consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Rfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duty of Thirty-six Shillings a Barrel on Sweets, granted, by an Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the Term of Ninety-nine Years, and since made perpetual,-' shall, from and after the 24th Day of June 1737, cease and determine,

Resolvedf

i° Mar tit.

8i6 2l°~ — 'i2* Martii. A. 1736.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be granted to his Majesty, for every Barrel of Sweets made for Sale, from and after the 24 th Day of June 1737, the Sum of Twelve Shillings; the said Duties to he paid by the Maker and Makers of the said Sweets, and.so in proportion for greater or lesser Quantities.

Rijalved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Allowance of Five Shillings per Barrel on British-made Gunpowder exported, granted by an Act, of the Fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, which expires the End of this Session of Parliament, be further continued for Seven Years.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, a Duty of Two Shillings per Bulliel be laid upon all Apples, which at any time or times from and after the 24th Day of June 1737, shall be imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain, over and above all Custojns, Subsidies, and Duties, already imposed thereon.

The. First fold Second Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Third Refulution, being read a Second time, That the Allowance of Five Shillings per Barrel on Brifish-\\iade Gunpowder exported, granted by an Act, of the Fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, which expires the End of thisSeftion of Parliament, be further continued for Seven Years;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Refutation, by leaving out the Word ‘‘ Five," and infer ting the Word " Four," instead thereof:

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by inferring, after the Word " Shillings," the Words " and Six Pence:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That the Allowance of Four Shillings and Six Pence per Barrel on British-vaa.de Gunpowder exported, granted by an A6fc, of the Fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, which expires the End of this Session of Parliament, be further continued for Seven Years.

The Fourth Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, upon the said Resolutions: And that Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Boding-ton, Sir George Oxen den, the Lord oundon, Mr. IVin-tungton, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor Genera), Mr. Scrojye, and Mr. Edward Walpole, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Duties on Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excise do

Sweets. jay before this House, an Account of what Informations have been laid before them, from the 25th of April 1697 to Christmas Lift, for the not Paying of the Duties on Sweets; with the Penalties that have been adjudged thereon, and the several Sorts and Mixtures for which the same were so adjudged to become due and payable* diiiinguithing each Vear.

Royal Aflfcut \ Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Ballon,

to Bil«s. Geutleman-usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty, in the House of Peers:

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers; and that his Mu-22

jesty had been pleased to give the Royal A (Tent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for pun idling Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters:

An A6fc for continuing an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Seals, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dunbar, for improving and preserving the Harbour, and repairing the Town-house, and building a School, and other publick Buildings there, and for supplying the said Town with fresh Water:

An Act to enable Anthony James Esquire, and his Heirs Male, and other Persons therein mentioned, to take and use the Surname of Keck, ptirfuant to the Will of Antony Keck Gentleman, deceased:

An Act for naturalizing Joseph Pouchon;

An Act for naturalizing Nicolas M age ns, John Timmerman, Theodore Davell, and others.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Excise do lay Duties on before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Sweets. Duties on Sweets, from the 25th of April 1697, to Christmas last, distinguishing each Year.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House so National resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Debt, consider of the National Debt;

Ordered, That the State of the National Debt, as it was the First Day of February last, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker retained the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee,

That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to tit again.

Resolved, That, this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the National Debt.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply Hill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Land Tax. to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1737;

Ordered, That it he an Initiation to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Chuife of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Ctause t<v make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax for the Year 1735, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1737.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of tlfo whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 2 2° die Martii;

Anno 10° Georgii lld‘ Regis, 1736,

Prayers.

'TH H Ii House being informed, that Mr. Frecker at- Norton'* JL tended at the Door; Will.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the.

House, pursuant to their Order, an Aroint of the Proceedings of Mark Frecker, Nicolas j -, and John Lawton, upon the A&, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to enable them to propound

the

io Geo. II. 2 2° M. 817

th? Papers importin'.' to be the la ft V ill, Codicils, and Testiinicnt irv Schedules ot Richard S orton, late ol Southicidr i:i *]! County of Vuthamptun* IT'juire, (it* ccateH, in the Pm rog.itive Court of (anterhunj* and to sue for ATuinifirmion, with the same annexed.

And thru hr withdrew.

And the Title of the liiid Arrount was read.

The laid Account K a- lollops; tv:.

Ait ACCOl NT of the Pp»rrodi:v*s of Mark Frccker, Nico, as Fil l toni a vd John Las ton* upon the Act, uiade in lh<* Sixth Ve.ir of the IhKu of hK ref nt Mu-jeiiy, to enable them to propound the Papers importing' to lie the left Will. Codicils and Testamentary Schedules ot Richard Au7'W, Jute ot Stuthvick, in the Couirv ot Southampt: n* l.ifpiiie, drceali d, in the Prerogative Court i f Cantt rfrar i* and to sue lor Adini-ni Oration with the liime anu \ d.

'I he laid If: rk Fn < hr* Nk - ’us Paxton* and John Linton* *!:> mu!t huud*!\ nprelint,

That, in purluai. c. 01 the said A-1 of Parliament, the said Will, Co L i.1 T< Uam mlniy Schedules, were propounded in t.he laid Pivryg ttiw; Coart lb.m alter the mid Act puff.- I: and Adminilir.iuon of the Goods and Chalk K of .( laid Mr. Af-rtm, with the said V. iil, Codicils, and 1( stamMit.u v Scl.rdu!* >, thereunto annexed, was applied h r l>\ the lai ! nark Fr.cutr* A ta..v: 'axtea:, and John Lt,i> t Dr. ('la red ...ia rs pre-

tending to U* ii* \t ol l\m t*» the l\»hc«»r, having of-pofrd the Giant;..: th , I, tiny c.edd not he obtained untd the 141I1 I)a\ «4 I' h r 1 7 , I / \iri ?e wiu rtof

the said Mark Fj\cLr. A/G.b> /V/////, and A/, w Laxtvn* polletieil tJiemleive> of M y, ;*n 1 u G, , K it si I.fitGo, of the said Ruh.ird A c/ ;/, neem’ding to an 1.inmate and Apprailement mah liar- f. to hr- Au0»*:nt ot £. 14,093. 3.V. 3//. \; a IVi-ion r < Inventory uiinvof v. as. outlie 23d |)a\ of./;.'/ IT.hh \tii:#:t* cl l.y t!.* in in the said Pniogutiu Co al, at th Inhunce 01 the said Dr. ChichcU //. and oh: is. Pa:t ol which have hcenliuce Did; hut liime Part tin. m -i yet remain unuifpoied of, consisting cliietly of Pictuu Drawings and Statue-, tome of which PiCluris ware Ipeci'ically given to Ins Majesty, Colonel N< rtu\ and other*: mid ti.oh* which were particularly defined lor lii> Maj.Tiv, were aicer-tained by a Paper, lound loine time alter the said Letters of Administration were granted, containing a List of Pictures, with the following Titic, all the Tcuatoi sown Hand-writing:

" My Pictures at Skufhu h h-l/oi/te* which I have given " and bequeathed to the Kings most Excellent Majesty, lii> Heiis and Snce; llhrs, as the I*irlt of " mv I-egc.c’as, 1 7JS; I write this, though given " and hecpieathed In lore.’*

This being dated li:l.‘i(|ia at to, and explanatory of, the Will, the AdministTutors were called upon to propound, and prove it as a Codicil, in the liiid Prerogative Court; and the Pictures were tinrtupf n lintcnced and decreed to ie deiiivn.l to his Majesty; and the first-granted Letters ol Administrulion were k tinned into the llcgiltry of the said Prerogatiur (hunt, according to Direction oi tie* laid Court; and new LetU r ol Administration, with the i.ili-n.eiita r* d (o hed (miH.nglt others)annexed, dated the -.mill Day of,/// v j 73c, weregranted to the said Marie 1 redar, Siodas Pa it on* and John Paxton: The laid Sentence hear- Date the 10th of Line 1733.

Some Part of the Teliator\s Goods and iaffecis were by him specifically given to divers Persons, wjho arc most of them in Poireflion thereof, and ionic Part yet remains unfold; so that the Produce. hiuKrio conic to the Hands of the Administrators amounts to £. 10,0(17. ] 2 id-That there remains in the Hands of Tenants, for Rents accrued since Mr. Norton < Death, and in the Receivers Hands, not yet remitted, the Sum 01X1,013. 12^. 4 {cl.; and there are Debts from several poor People, in the Country, reckoned desperate, clue to the said Eiiate, which amount to £. 420, a s. o d.

There are a Ananv pecuniary Legacies left by the

Vol. 22.

Testator, forne of which, being given to his Servants, were Norton'i immediately paid; and others have been since claimed, but Willie Payment thereof hath been pofrponed, on account of a Hill filed in the Court of Chancery, by Colonel Thomas Norton* against the Administrators; whereby the said Colonel Norton insists. That he, by a Settlement made by his Grand father, liec.imc inlitled lothe yimunolOIdJlrcsjord, in the County of Southampton, on the Death of his Cnele Richard Norton in 170S; hut that tiic Testator, the late.

Mr. Norton* then possessed iiimlblf thereof; and from that time to his Death, which was in December 1732, received the Rents and Profits thereof; and therefore prays, That the said Administrators may p^v unto him all the Rents and Profit- of the said Manor of J! res ford* received by the said Testator: 'Die Attorney General, on account of the Devil!*, in the said late Mr. Nortons Will, to charitable lTt>, was made a Party to the said Bill. The Administrators pul in their Anhver; and (among other things) as it ap|>esu«d by Colonel Norton sown Bill, that he had not been in Polli (lion of the Preiniles for above 20 Years before, inhlte l upon the Statute of Limitations; which, they w ere ativiled, it was proper for them to do, ns being only Truder-, and liable to the Demands of the several I.i gatees, and next of Kin of the said late Mr. Norton —

Tins L.iufe is at lffuc.

Doctor ( Inch clip, Mrs. Elizabeth Hughes, Widow*, and Janus F.ozcdui* an Infant, by l)r. t'hichelei/, his next Priciul, tiled their Bill, as being of next of Kin to the late Mr. Norton, agajnlt the said Administrators; and thereby inlist, That the Devise, in Mr. Nortons Will, for the Charity therein mentioned, is void, for the Generality and rucertamty thereof; or. if it should he good, no more is given by him than his Estate in the County of Southampton- and tuat they are intifled to such Part of the per-lonal Estate us was not, at the time of his Death, in that Cuuntv, alter Payment ol Debts and Legacies; and tin iviou: pray. That the said Administrators may come to Account with them lor the personal Imitate, and pay them w hat thereof shall remain after Payment of the Debts and Legacies.

'Jo which iAii the said Administrators put in their Answer; wheivin tl;cv let forth (among other things) the Demand made by Colonel Aorton* by hi., Eiil in Chancery; and that, if he should prevail therein, the said personul Estate would he tiieiebv exhauited; and that the said Letters of Administration being granted to them pur-’

1 liHilt to the said AQ, tlicy are no more concerned, than to administer such personal Estate according to the Rules ol Law and Erjuilv; and therelore, as to what should remain in their Hands alter Payment of Debts, Legacies, and FuikthI 1.x0cnees, they apprehend they were no more than Truiiees for the Charity intended by the said l efrator, and, as such, could not comply with the Complainant’s Demands; but hoped they should have the Direction of the Court, how they should demean them-llhts in the Disposition of the said personal Estate, and that they should be indemnified in what they should do in pursuance of such, Direction:

T iiat they apprehended it was not the Intent of the Testator to confine and charge that Part of his personal Estate in the County of Southampton only to answer the Purposes of his Will, but that the W hole should befub-ject thereto, as appears by one of the Codicils, dated the 3th Day of December 1731, wherein he directs in the Words following: " All mv aforesaid Legacies, and ‘4 Gifts, and Devises, are to be paid, by my most noble " Executors, out of my personal Estate, if it may arile " to ib much as, I trust, it will, without the Charge on " the real

'i’hat, before Administration was granted, which was not till the 14th December 1733, several Persons possessed themselves of Part of the Testator s personal Estate; and that Dr. Chicheleij, and RichardIIughesYAqmre, deceased, the said Elizabeth's late Husband, possessed themselves of great part of the said Estate, but of what Value do not know, otherwise than that, since such Administration was granted, the said Dr. Chichelcy delivered to the Admini-g Y strators

Norton’s

Will.

818 22° Martii. 173

strators the Sum of [. 6,514. 6 s. 8d. besides several odd Pieces of foreign Money, valued at [. 14. 15$. io*/.f, and feme Rings, and other Things of small Value: That they had possessed themselves, in Right of the Administration, of so much of the said personal Estate, as they could come by; and submitted themselves to be examined upon Interrogatories, as to what had or should come to their Hands of the said personal Estate, after the Hearing of the Cause, if the Complainants should prevail therein.

The Administrators never doubting but that they had a Power, and were obliged, to administer the Effects according to the Rules of Law and Equity, and never pretended otherwise; and, for that Reason, in their Answer to the said Dr. Chicheleys Bill, have desired the Directions of that honourable Court, relating to the fame; and, that they may be indemnified for what they should do in pursuance thereof, and at the Instance of the said Dr. Chicheley, did exhibit an Inventory in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury.

This Cause is now at Wue.

The said Mr. Norton died ieifed of the Rectories and Parionagesof Portsea Port [mouth, with all the Houses

end Buildings thereunto belonging, together with all manner of Tythes arising within the Isles of Portsea, Ports-rnouth, and Por(/bridge, in the County of Southampton; which he held by Lease, dated the 4th Day of March 1727, of the Warden and Scholars of the College of Winchester, for the Term of Ten Years from the Date thereof: Upon Mr. Nortons Death, Richard Whitehead Esquire, his IJeir at Law, took Possession of all his real Estate, and likewise of the said Premises, and held them till his Death; since which time the Trustees for the Person claiming under Mr. Whitehead's Will have had the Possession of the said Leasehold Estate; but, the same being only a Chattel, and Part of the personal Estate of the said Mr. Norton, deceased, the said Administrators did file a Bill in Chancery against the Executors and Trustees of the said Mr. Whitehead's Will, and all Persons interested under the lame, to oblige them to deliver up Pofiession of the said Leasehold Estate, and also the Lease thereof, and for an Account of the Rents and Profits thereof; and, the Term in the Lease being very near lapsed, they did make the said Wardens and Scholars Parties, that they might be obliged to renew the fame: To this Bill Trafford Smith, One of the Defendants, and a very distant Remainderman under the Will of Mr. White-head, hath putin his Answer, as have likewise the Warden and Scholars of the said College; whereby they offer to renew the said Lease, upon the usual Terms, to such Person or Persons as shall be intitled thereto; but the Trustees appointed by Mr. Whitehead's Will, and the Person immediately claiming under the lame, have not yet put in their Answer, though often required so to do.

The said Mr. Norton, under the same Lease, died seised of the Manor of Stubbington, within the said Manor of Portsea, and of the Lands and Premises thereunto belonging, which were granted to him by the said Wardens and Scholars for the 'Perm of 20 Years, from the Date of the said Lease, of which the said Administrators are now in Possession; and the Account of the Rents thereof are included in the Computation of the Money, and Effects, and Arrears of Rent, above-mentioned.

The said Administrators have been at great Charges and Expences in obtaining the Letters of Administration, and in prosecuting and defending several Suits at Law, and in otherwise carrying the said Trust, repoled in them by the said Act of Parliament, into Execution: the several Accounts whereof have not yet been delivered to them, the Caules being still depending.

This, in Obedience to an Order of this honourable House, is humbly presented by us,

M. Frecker.

Nico. Paxton.

John Lawton.

2 2d March 1736-7.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill to enable the Magistrates and Town Council of Clyd Bridge the Burgh of Lanark to repair and maintain vtheir Bridge over the River Clyd, at Clydjholm, in the Shire of Lanark, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Carmichael, Sir James Grant, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Barrel, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hume

Campbell, Mr. Sinclair, Mr. Bramjion, Sir Geo. Cafwall,

Mr. Bevan, Mr. Duncomb, Lord Polwarth, Sir Miles Stapylton, Sir Charles Turner, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr.

Bonce, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Campbell, Sir Thomas Aston, Mr.

Knight, Mr. Cojler, Captain Martin, Sir John Heathcote; and all the Members who serve for North Britain:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Ordered, That John Neale Esquire be at Liberty to Coventry withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election Heaton, and Return of John Bird Esquire for the City of Coventry.

Ordered, That the Order of the House, made upon Wednesday the Second Day of this instant March, for hearing Tomorrow, at the Bar of this House, the Matter of the said Petition, be discharged.

Ordered, That the honourable Fulmar Craven Esquire /be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return of John Neale Esquire, for the City of Coventry.

Ordered, That the Order of the House, made upon Wednesday the Second Day of this instant March, for hearing this Day, at the Bar of this House, the Matter of the said Petition, be discharged.

Ordered, That Mr. Crojfe, Captain Owen, Brigadier Surry, &c. Handafyde, be added to the Committee, to whom the Pe- Roa<ls* tition of Sir John Lade, Baronet, Sir Thomas Steavcw Knight, Percival Lewis, Wm. Leigh, Thomas Engeir,

Thomas Hacks, IVm. Richardson, Abraham Shard, Thomas Butler, Peccatus Shard, Richard Coopc, John Amey,

Benjamin James, Jafpcr Hale, Esquires, IVm. Robinson,

John Kent, John Sow ton, Francis Mannock, Benjamin Turton, Wm. Kenyon, Philip Hamley, Francis Goram,

George Smith, Joseph Heaton, James fVelden, Benjamin Hodges, Wm. Myers, and Henry Robinson, Gentlemen,

Trustees appointed to put in Execution the several Acts, made in the Fourth and Sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending the Roads from the City of London to the Town of East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex, and to the Towns of Sutton and Kingston, in the County of Surry; and also of the Act, made in the Tenth Year of his said late Majesty s Reign, for amending the Roads from the Stones End, in Sauthxcark, to Highgate, at the Entrance of Ashdoivn Forest, in the Parish of East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex, and from Kingston to Burton Common, and the Lanes leading from Wood Hatch to Sidlow-mill, and the Lanes called llorfchills, j

Bonehurst alias Boners, and Peteridge Lanes, in the j

County of Surry; on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Trustees appointed by the said Act; is referred;

Mr. Cartwright reported from the Committee, to whom OldStratford, the Bill for making more effectual Two Acts of Parlja- Roads* j ment, one of the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late 1

Majesty Queen Anne, and the other of the Eleventh j

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford, in the County of AJorthampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick, was committed, That the Committee exa- ,j

mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and h$d gone through the Bill, and made fevered Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in j

his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the 1

Amendments, in at the Cferk sTable: Where the Amend- 1

ments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; $nd, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

io Geo. II. 21* M 819

Ordered, That the Bill, with (be Amendments, be in-gjrofied.

Soatk Sea OrderrdThat an Account he laid before this House, Stock. of the Quantity of old and new South Sea Annuity Stock, and the N umber of Annuitants who are intitled to any such Stock, not exceeding a Thousand Pounds to each Annuitant.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of the Quantity of old and new South Sea Annuity Stock, holden by any Executors, Administrators, and Trustees, and the Number of such Trusts.

Bucks Gao! Sir Brdliam Stanhope prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill to impower the Justices of the Peace for the County of Bucks to raise Money to discharge the Debts incurred on account of building a Gaol and Court Room, and for finishing the same for the Use of the County: And the same was received; and read the First time

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Payment of Mr. Hungerf&rd p re fen ted to the House, according to Rests. Order, a Bill for the more effectual securing the Payment of Rents, and to prevent the Frauds of Tenants: And the feme was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be printed.

Qualifiestioa Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee,

Trustcct vbom the Bill for the Qualification of Persons acting *’ as Trustees for repairing die Roads w ithin that Part of Great Britain called England, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Ctaules, to enable the bid Trustees, or any of them, to inspect, at any seasonable time, the Minutes, Orders, or Accounts, belonging to any Turnpike; and to have Copies of (he feme, or any Part thereof, paying reasonable Charges for them, if made by any Clerk or Officer of such Trustees.

Coventry The House proceeded, according to Order, to the Hear-LlcAion. ing 0j* the \(atter of the Petition of the Right honourable George Fitzroy Esquire, commonly called Earl of Euston, complaining of an undue Electiou and Return of John Neale Elcfuire, for the City of Coventry.

And the Counsel were called in:

And the said Petition w as read:

And the last Determination of the House, concerning the Right of Electing Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, made the 20th Day of November 1722, w as also read:

And the standing Order of the House, made upon Friday the 1 (ith Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination of the House of Commons, was also read.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner was heard; and produced Evidence touching a Riot at the time of the said Election, which occasioned a Discontinuance of the Poll.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member was heard; and, having denied that the Magistrates of the said City, or the Sitting Member, occasioned the said Riot, acquainted the House, That he was not instructed to oppose the Evidence produced by the Counsel for the Petitioner.

Then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdrew.

And Mr, Neale was heard in his Place.

Rejoined, That it appears to this House, That there was a great Riot and Tumult at the late Election of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Coventry, in Violation of the Freedom of Elections.

And a Motion being made, That John Neale Esquire fe duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Coventry; /

Vq*. 22.

Mr. Neale withdrew.

And the Question being put, That/o/w Neale Esquire is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Coventry;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the late Election of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Coventry is a void Election.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and AJr.

John Bonnet:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Talbot's enable Trustees, during the respective Minorities of George Talbot Esquire, and his younger Brothers, to grant Leases of the Estates of the said Infants, in the Counties of Salop, Worcester, Berks, Chester, Stafford, Oxford, and Wilts: To which the Lords defile the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Cook’* Sale of a certain Leasehold Estate of Thomas Cook Esquire, Eftalc, in the County of Gloucester; and for settling feme Freehold and Copyhold Estates of Inheritance, of greater Value, to the feme Uses, so lieu thereof: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wichelhau* for naturalizing Godfrey Wichclhaufcn, John Francis ^s* Nappe, and John Stephen Maffon, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Insolvent Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom Debcort. the Bill for Relief of insolvent Debtors, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Copy-right w hole House, toconsider further of the Bill for the better gQP^nted Encouragement of Learning, by the more effectual secur- 00 ing the Copies of printed Books to the Authors or Purchasers of such Copies, during the Times therein to be mentioned; and to repeal an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Learning, by veiling the Copies of printed Books in the Authors or Purchasers of such Copies, during the Times therein mentioned; and for the better securing the Payment of the Drawback of the Duties for Paper used in printing Books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental, and Northern Languages, within the Two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Cornbury took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Cornbury reported from the Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Coventry the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ* electing a Citizen to lerve in this present Parliament for the City of Coventry, in the room of John Neale Esquire, whole Election for the said City is declared void.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue* his Warrant to Ditto; the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Coventry, in the room of John Bird Esquire; who, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted

the

82,0 2 2° — 230 Martii. A. 1736.

the Office of One of the Commissioners for managing the Duties avilirtg by Stamps.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 30 die Martii;

Anno 10° Georgii IIdi Regis, 173G.

# Prayers.

Cook's A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Estate.- jTV for Sale of a certain Leasehold Eft ate of Thomas

Cook Esquire, in the County of Gloucester; and for settling feme Freehold and Copyhold Estates of Inheritance, of greater Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Vintners Li- A Petition of the Distillers, now using the Trade of UnWerfu of ^intners> *n Town of Cambridge, was presented to Cambridge. the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners understand, that the University of Cambridge hath petitioned this House against the Petitioners using the said Trade of Vintners in the said Town, as being contrary to the Privilege which the said University enjoys; and that the Petitioners have had the Misfortune to be obliged, by a late Act of Parliament concerning spirituous Liquors, to reduce the Business of Distilling, in which they were brought up and instructed \ and have laid out their Fortunes, in order to make Provision for themselves and Families; which Misfortune was foreseen to be so great, that a Clause in the same A Cl was provided to repair it, as far as possible, giving a Right to exercise any other Trade or Business in any Place of Great Britain, any Law, Charter, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding; and that the Petitioners, under che Sanction of the said Clause, have, with great Loss, Disadvantage, and Expence, converted their Effects into the Wine Trade, and have hired, furnished, and opened, Cellars and Taverns, as Vintners, in the said Tow n of Cambridge; and expressing their Hope, that they thall not a Second time be turned adrift to leek their Fortunes, which may turn to the utter ruin of themselves and Fafnilies: And therefore praying, That the Petition from the said University to this House, in Prejudice to the Petitioners, may be rejeCled, or in such a manner considered as shall by this House be thought reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Whitechapel A Bill for inlarging the Term and Powers granted by to Woodford, an ^ft, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his c* oa s* late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the Stones End at /Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Shenfield, and to the furthermolt Part of the Parish of Woodford, leading to the Town of Epping, in the County of Essex \ and for repairing the Road leading from the Causeway, in the Pa-rith oi Low Layton, through IVanJlead, to the End of the Parish of Woodford, next to the Parish of Chi gw ell, in the said County of Essex \ and also for repairing the Road from Mile End, to Shoreditch Church, in the said County of Middlesex; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Sir Robert Abdy, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Cartwright, Sr Charles Mordaunt, Sir James Grant, Mr. Harley, Sir Fi'ancis Child, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Holland, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Digby, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Archer, Dr. Ixe, Mr. Clutter buck, Mr. Hucks, Colonel Duckett, Mr. May, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Bramjion, Mr. Bade, Mr. Alderman Heath cote, Mr. Fenwick e, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Gore, Mr. Carmichael, Sir Abraham Elton, SirGed. Caf xrail, Mr. Owen, Sir Wm. Heath cote, Mr. JViilimot, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Bold, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Medli-cott, Lord Polwarth, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Oglethorpe, Colonel Bladen, Mr. CaJ'ar, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Thomp-

son. Sir Roger Bargain, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Croft; and all the Members who lerve for the County of Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. John Whitechapel at Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, at a Parish Meeting for that Purpose assembled, after publick Notice given in the Church, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, w as presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That a Bill being ordered to be brought in for inlarging the Term and Pow ers granted by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the Stones End at White-chapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Shenfield, in the County of Essex, and for rendering the said Act more effectual; and Provision being ordered to be made, in the said Bill, for repairing the Road leading from the Turnpike at the End of the Dog Row, at Mile End, to Shoreditch Church, in the said County of Middlesex, the Petitioners conceive, that, if the Commissioners in the said Bill be impowered to erect a Turnpike on any Part of the said Iloail leading from Cambridge Heath to Shoreditch Church, such Turnpike will be very prejudicial to the Right and Properties of the Inhabitants and Landholders in the said Parish of St. John at Hackney: And therefore praying, That they may be restrained from erecting such Turnpike; or that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill; or that they may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-hderation of the Committee, to whom the Bill for inlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the Stones End at Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Shenfield, and to the furthermost Part of the Parish of Woodford, leading to the Town of Epping, in the County of Essex; and for repairing the Road leading from the Causeway, in the Parish of Low Layton, through Wanjiead, to the End of the Parish of Woodford, next to the Parish of Chigwell, in the said County of Essex; and also for repairing the Road from Mile End to Shoreditch Church, in the said County of Middlesex; is committed; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Instruct ion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in tavour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Talbot’s to enable Trustees, during the respective Minorities of Elates. George Talbot Esquire, and his younger Brothers, to grant Leases, of the Eliates of the said Infants, in the Counties of Salop, Worcester, Berks, Chester, Stafford, Oxford, and Wilts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second lime.

An ingrossed Bill for making more effectual Two Acts Old Stratford of Parliament, one of the Sixth Year of the Reign of Ro*ds. her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be

An Act for making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for, repairing the Highways from Old Stratford, in the County of Northr ampton to Dunchurch, in the County or' Harwich.

Ordered, That Mr. Cartwright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concarrcuee,.

Mr.

St. Olive

Soothwttk

Church.

Personi yoinr armed

ux Uilguifc.

Rrfief of

dirtrrfifed Manneri *i Leghorn.

Paving Street? in Middlesex.

Dan ft able. See. Road.

io Geo. II. 23 0 Mart821

Mr. Raba t flucks presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for rebuilding the Church of the Parish of St. Olave\ in the City of London, and in the HorOugli of Boat Inca rk, in the County of Surrey: And the same dr as received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Sfecbnd time.

Ordered, That the Selcft Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing an Act for the more cft’cftual punishing wicked and evil-disposed Periods going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subject*, and for the mdre speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; and for continuing Two Clauses to prevent the cutting or breaking doun the Bank of any River, or Sea Bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of Hop-binds, contained in an Act; passed in the’Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, is committed; be discharged from proceeding upon the said Bill.

liefuh ed, That the said Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this 1 Ionic will, U|>on Tucfdtty Mom^ ing next, resolvc itself into a Committee Of the \Vhdld House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be ail Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for the further Punishment of Persons who shall be convicted a Second time for unlawfully courting, bunting, taking in Toils, killing, wounding, or taking away, any Red or Fallow Deer, in any open Forest, Chace, Purlieu, Park, or other uninclosed Place, where Deer arc usually Kept; and for the Punishment of such Persons who shall unlawfully heat or wound any Kcc|)cr or Page of any Forest, Chafe, Purlieu, Park, or other Place where Deer are usually kept, their Servunts or Assistants, in the Execution of their Offices or Duties.

A Bill for collecting, at the Port of leghorn in Italy, fmull Sums of Money, for Relief of Mariners fliipu rccked, and taken in W ar, and other his Majesty's Subjects, and for other pious and charitable Uies, to which the Merchants trading the re havculually contributed, was read a Second time.

Resolvetd^ That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman JVilfnnot, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Fox, Mr. Ryng, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Lehetip, Mr. Papillui, Mr. Hay, Mr. Longuexille, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Holden, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Sir James Grant, Mr. Yates, Mr. Alderman Par Jons, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Bailee, Colonel Bladat\ Mr. Hulks, Mr. St.John, Sir Nathanael Curzoti, Mr. Lind say. Sir Cordell Fircbrace, Mr* Mcdly-cott, Mr. HungerJord, Lord Gage, Mr* Pelham, Mr* Lyttelton* Lord Corn bury, Sir Francis Boynton, Sir Francis Child, Lord /Callingford, Mr. llowney, Mr. Earle, Mr. J'reby. Lord Pohvarth, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. llume Campbell, Lord Glenorchy; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Mr. Robert Ilucks pre fented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better paving and cleansing the Streets w ithin the City and Liberty of Westminster the Liberties and Parishes within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, in the County of Middlesex, and in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Sur/'ey; and for preventing Nuisanees and I ncroachinents therein: And the same was received.

Mr. Ashby presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Black Ball Inn in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shafford-hbufe, in the County of Hertford; and for preventing the driving

Vo l. l2lJ.

of Cattle through private Groundsaml Passages, to avoid the Payment of the Toll charged upon Cattle by an Act of the First Year of his late M a jolty, and the Eighth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Hoads from South Mi turns to St. Albans, in the said County of Hertford: And the same w as received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Copy-right a Committee of the whole House, to fconfuier further primed of the Bill for the better Ehcouragement of Learning; by the more effectual securing the Copies of printed Books to the Authors or Purchdfers of such Copies, during the Times therem to be mentioned; and to repeal an Act, passed In the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Learning, by vesting the Copied bf printed Books in the Authors or Purchasers ot* such Copies, during the

Times therein mentioned; and for the better securing the

Payment of the Drawback of the Duties for Paper used* in printing Books in the Latin, Greek, Orient 11, art<fr Northern Languages, within the Two Univertides bf Oxford Arid Cambridge.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Tbft Lord Cornbury took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Cornbury reported from the Committee,*

That they hod made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, rlhat they may have Leave to tit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confuler further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, updti Friday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Refohed\ That this House will, upon Fiiday Morn- Supply Bill) ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Land Tax. House* to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be hufed in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1737.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, ttt Insolvent whom the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, was Debtor*, committed, be taken into Consideration upon Tuefd'ay Morning next

The House being informed that Roger Anderson, now Witness a Prisoner in the Prison of the Fleet, is a material Witilels to be brought to be examined touching the Matter of the Petition of JP fl0m tho Sir John Glymre Baronet, complaining of an undue Elec- cct# tion and Return for the Borough of Flint, in the County of Flint, appointed to be heard Tomorrow, at thfe Bar of this House;

Oldered. That the said Roger Anderson be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants to the Keeper of the said Prison, and to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, accordingly.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do at- Flint Return, tend this House, Tomorrow Morning, with the Return For the Borough of Flint, in the County of Flint.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow - Morning* Nine of the Clock.

9 Z

4° Martii. .; A. 1736.

yovi$y 2 40 dfo? Martii;

Anno io* Georgii lld| Regis, 1736. Prayers.

COLONEL Onslow reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir John Lade Baronet, Sir Thomas Steavcns Knight, Percival Laris, William Leigh, 7%o-flwrs Engeir, Thomas Hacks, William Rkhardson, Abraham Shard, Thomas Butler, Pcccatus Shard, Richard CoopCy John Amey, Benjamin James, Jasper Hale, Esquires, William Robinson^ John Kent, John Sow ton, Francis Man-nock, Benjamin Turton, William Kenyon, Philip Hamley, Francis Goram, George Smith, Joseph Heaton, James Welden, Benjamin Hodges, William Myers, and Henry Robinson, Gentlemen, Trustees appointed to put in Exe-. cution the several Acts, made in the Fourth and Sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending the Iiogds from the City of London to the Town of Ecffl Ch'kjlcad, in the County of Sussex, and to the Towns of Suttori and Kingston; in the County of Surry; apd »allo of the Act, made in the Tenth Year of his laid late Majesty’s Reign, for amending the Roads from the Stones End in Southwark to Highgate, at the Entrance of Ash-down Forest, in the Parish of East Grinstead, in :the County of Sii/Jix; and from Kingston to Burton Common, and the Lanes leading from Wood-hatch to Sidlvw-mill, and the Lanes called Horsehills, Bonehurst alias Boners, and Peteridge Lanes, in the County of Surry; on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Tmftees appointed by the said Acts, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof, there was laid before the Committee, an Act of Parliament, paired in the Sixth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for amending the Roads from the City of London to the Town of East Grinstead; which Act, after reciting the Tolls and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the said Roads, for the Term of One-and twenty Years, from the 25th Day of March 1718, continues the said Tolls and Powers for Two Years longer: Another Act, passed in the Tenth Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads from the Stones End in Southwark, to HigJtgate, at the Entrance of Ashdown Forest, in the Parish of East Grinstead, and from Kingston to Burton Common, was also read; whereby the aforesaid Terms and Powers were farther continued for Twenty-one Years longer, and several other Roads therein mentioned w ere also directed to be repaired; for which Purpose the Trustees were, by that Act, impow- ered to borrow £.9,000 on the Credit of the Tolls; which Sum was directed to be applied to the Repairs of those Roads, in the Proportions following; viz. £. 2,500 w as to be applied towards repairing the Road from Croydon to Highgate; £. 2,000 in repairing the Roads from Kingston to Burton Common; and £. 2,000 in repairing the Lane from Wood-hatch to Sidlow-mills and Horjehills Lane, and Bonehurst and Peteridge Labes, in the Parish oi Horsely; and £. 2,500 in repairing the Roads from the Stones End to Croydon, Kiyigston, and Sutton, respectively. Then the following Witness was examined; viz.

James Blagden, Cterk to the Trustees named in the said Act: Who laid, That, on the Credit of the Act of the Fourth Year of his late Majesty s Reign, £. 9,000 had been borrowed, of which there now remained due£, 7,000;

That, pursuant to the Power given by the Act of the Tenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, to borrow £. 9,090 for the particular Purposes therein mentioned,

£. 6,750 had been borrowed, and (till remains unpaid: That, out of this Money, £. 1,000 of the £. 2,000 which had been allotted for the Repair of the Road from Kingston to Burton Common, had been only applied to that Purpose; and only £. 1,250 Part of the£. 2,500 allotted for the Repair of the Roads from the Stones End to Croydon, Kingston, md Suttoyt, had been applied for that Purpose.

Thomas Maylyn Esquire, and the said Mr, Blagden, le-verally laid, That, the Tolls collected, and Monies borrow'ed, have been applied according to the Directions of the several Acts; notwithstanding which, the Extent of the several Roads being so large, and the heavy Carriages passing through the same lb numerous, in a short time the said Roads will be in a very ruinous Condition, unless a further Provision is made to keep, them in Repair:

That, more especially, the several lioads wherein Half of the Sums allotted have only been applied, are at this ' time in a very ruinous Condition, for want of such Repairs being completed.

And Mr. Maylyn said, That several of the Persons, w ho have advanced Sums on the Credit of the first-mentioned Act, have declared, that, the Term of that Act being near expiring, they rauft be obliged to enter upon the Tolls for the Repayment of their Debts, unless there is a further Term granted; there being no Provision, by the Act of the 10th of the late King, for applying the Money received, by virtue of that Act, to the Repayment of the Money borrowed on the Security of the Two former Acts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining and amending, and making more effectual, several Acts of Parliament,. made in the Fourth, Sixth, and Tenth, Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, respectively, for repairing and amending the several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Surrey, Keyit, and Suffix: And that Colonel Onjlozc, Sir William Clayton, the Lord Palmerston, and Mr. Alderman Heathcote, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Kirkpatrick presented to the Ifoufe, according to Dumfries Order, a Bill for continuing an Act, passed in the Third Town fm-Y ear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, Pavement, for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dumf ries, and Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Tow n, and for building a Church, and making a Harbour there; and for laying a Duty on the Tonnage of Shipping, and a Duty on Goods imported and exported into and out of the said Town, for the better repairing of the said Harbour: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Lijle reported from the Committee, to whom the Red-lyon-Petition of the Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Houses square Im. in Red-lyon-J'quare, in the County of Middlesex, whole pavement. Names are thereunto subscribed, w as referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same w as read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, proceeded to examine the Allegations of the said Petition:

And the Petitioners called,

Samuel Barnot: Who, being examined, said, That the said Square wras in a very bad Condition; and the Pavement and Rails thereof very much out of Repair, and that there was not any legal Method of paving, adorning, and cleaning, the lame; w'hicli the Petitioners are very delirous that it should be done, and that the said Square should be better watched in the Night-time by a regular Watch, at their ow n Expence; which cannot be done, and the Money raised, unless iome Provision be made for that Purpose.

The Agents for the Petitioners laid before the Committee, an Estimate of the Charge for beautifying, paving, cleaning, and watching, the Square, and the Method proposed for railing Money to defray the fame; by which Estimate it appeared, That the Sum of £ 700 rx would

ro Geo. It 240 — 250 Martii. 82$

mould answer all the necessary Expences thereof; which tire Petitioners proposed thou Id be raised by granting Annuities not exceeding/^. 7 per Centum; which, with other Expences, would amount yearly in the Whole, for the Thirty-two Years, to £. 172. 10*. od.: And it also appeared by that Eiiimate, timt the Square was last Year rated to the Land Tax at about £. 2,300, which putting the Land Tax at an Average of 1 s. Od. in the Pound, it will ruife annually to the above Sum of £. 172. ios. od. which the Petitioners, as well as the rest of the Inhabitants of tire Square, are willing to ruife for the Pur poles afore fuid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the present and future Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Houses in Red-lyun-fyuare, in the County of Mid-die ft r, to make a Rate on themselves for railing Money sufficient to inclose, pave, watch, cleau, and adorn, the find Square: And that Mr. Lijle, Mr. Archer of liar trick, Mr. Gy b bon, Mr. Gregory, and Mr. Legh Mqsler% do pre|>aiv, and bring in, the iamo.

Htrrey'* Mr. Compton presented to the House, according to Nine. Order, a Bill to enable John Haney Esquire, now called John 7 hurjby. to take and use the Surname and Anus of 7 bur (by, in pursuunce of the Will of William Thurjby Esquire, dccealed: And the same wu* received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Pfivhoofci Mr. Termfliend presented to the House, according to

in ^rccinQi Order, a Bill for the more effectual preventing the un-fif of *Ca!a» playing of Interludes wiliiin the Precincts of the

bridge. I’niverliiv of Cambrulge, and the Places adjacent; and for explaining and amending to much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for laving a Duty upon the Uetaileisof Spirituous Liquors, and for licensing the Retailers thereof, as may affect the Privilege of the University of Cambridge with rtlpcft to ti^e licensing Taverns, and all other Public Houses, within the Prccmfts of the lame: Aud the same was received; and read the First time; and ordered to be read a Second time.

Norton* Mr. Hume Campbell presented to the House, according fcfete. to Order, a Bill to prevent the Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for Limitations of Actions, and for avoiding Suits in I-aw, being pleaded, inlisted on, or taken Advantage of, by any Persons claiming under the last Will of Richard Norton, of Scut hidek, deceased, against any Claim, Title, or Demand, Thomas Norton Esquire, hath to or upon the Manor of Old Alnsford, and Lands, in 11 ampjhi re, settled by Indenture of the Fifth of March 1C57, or the Rents and Profits thereof: Aud the same was leccived.

Woollens Ordered\ That the Commissioners of the Customs do

exported to lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Swe cn, Sec. Woollen and other Manufactures which have been exported from Great Britain to Sweden and RuJ/ia, for Seven Years last pair, distinguishing each Year.

jrj;nt The House, according to Order, proceeded to the

tied ion. Healing of the Matter of the Petition of Sir John Glynne

Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Flint, in the County of Flint.

And the Counlbl on both Sides were called in;

And the said Petition was read:

And the last Determination of the House, concerning the Right of electing a Burgess to lerve in Parliament for the said Borough, made the 21st Day of May 1728, was also read:

And the Standing Order of the House, made upon Friday the 16th Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the legality of Votes for Members to lerve in Par-Vo 1.. *3.

liament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination of th

House of Commons, was also read:

I hen the Counsel for the Petitioner were heard:

And the original Poll, taken at the said Election, being produced; and the Title thereof, and the total Number of Votes for each Candidate, being read;

They examined several Witnesses, touching the Beha^ viour of the Returning Officers at the time of taking and doling the said Poll; and the Declaration of the Number of Votes, and of the Majority, and touching a Scrutiny, to be had, and the Manner of making the Return; anj the Declaration of one of the Returning Officers, and thq Instructiuns to him given by the Sitting Member previQU^ to the Election; anil other Occurrences at and after tho laid Election.

And the said Return, dated the 16th Day of May

17J4, on which Day the Poll was cloftd, being read;

The Counsel for the Petitioner were further beard, ajj to the Merits of the Return; and inlisted, that the Counsel for the Sitting Member should proceed to justify the

Return, before the Merits of the Election should be proceeded upon.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member were he^rd, by way of Answer:

To which the Counsel for the Petitioner replied.

Aud tiion the Count'd on both Sides were directed tp withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put;

That the Counsel for the Sitting Member be directed tQ proceed, in order to justify the Return for the Borough of Flint, before the Merits of the Election are proceeded upon;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers fa the Yeas’{i!n J 166.

Tolled £; gagfe*...}-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Counsel on both Sides were called in; and Mr. Speaker directed the Counsel for the Petitioner to proceed in their Evidence.

Then the Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Puniflung relblve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, upon Koga« and the Bill for the more effectual punishing Rogues and Vaga- Vagabond* bonds; and for the better Relief and Employment of C’ such poor Persons as are therein mentioned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 250 die Martii;

Anno 10° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1737*

Prayers.

MR. Laroche reported from the Committee to whom p^rt0A the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An taJofer* Act for inclosing and dividing certain Common Pasture Grounds called Burton Common, and Purtop StokeQom* mpn, within the Parish of Pur ton, otherwise Puriton, in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, am} found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee hacL directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clonk’* Table.

A Bill

8^4 1-5 M . 17 3 7.

Rodon A Pill fof making navigable the River Rodon, from a

Navigation, little below a Mill, called Barking Mill, In the County of Essex, to Ilford Bridge, in the said County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bramston, Sir Cordel Fuebrace, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Boone, Sir Geo. Ca/ieall, Mr. Fenxcich, Mr. Chester, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Mostyn, Mr. 7/ere, Mr. Compton, Mr. Braxton, Lord iVoc/ Somafet, Mr. Sevan, ft Jr, Bathurst, Mr. May, Sir James Grant, Mr. CVi/7-» wright, Mr. Coffer, Captain Martin* Mr. Townshend, ftlr. Thompson, Mr. Lyndfay, Mr. Earle, ftlr. Leheupi Mr. Yorke, Mr. Shuttlexcorth, Mr. Packer, Sir James Campbell, ftlr. Plumptre, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Crojfe, Co* fonei Seluyn, Mr. Knight, ftlr. Richard Plttmer, ftlr. Whitworth, Mr. Frank land, ftlr. Hedworth, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Treby, Mr. Beaghan, ftlr. Aijlabh, Mr. 7o-fcy, Mr. iSWM; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex and Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Iron Im- The House being informed that Mr. Oxen ford, from

ported and the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

exported. jie was caqec[ jn and, at the Bar, presented to the

House, the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs to several Orders of the House, of the Fourth Day of this instant March, with an Account of the Quantity of Iron imported into England, from Christmas 1710 to Christmas 1718, from foreign Countries, with the Duties payable thereon, and how much the same amounted to; distin-guishing each Country, and each Year; marked A:

The like Account from Christmas 1728 to Christmas 1735, marked B:

An Account of the Quantities of Iron in Bars, Pigs, or Sows, imported into England, from the Plantations; distinguishing each Species* with the Duties payable thereon, and how much the same amounted to; from Christmas 1710 to Christmas 1718; distinguishing each Plantation, and each Year; marked C:

The like Account from Christmas 1728 to Christmas 1735, marked D:

Aix Account of the Quantity of wrought Iron, and Iron in Bars, exported to the Plantations, from Christmas 1710 to Christmas 1718; distinguishing each Plantation, and each Year; marked E:

The like Account from Christmas 1728 to Christmas 1733, marked F.

ftlr. Oxenford also presented to the House, the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs, to the Order of the House of the Eighth Day of this instant March, with an Account of what wrought Iron, and Iron in Bars, have been exported from London, and the Out-Ports of England, to foreign Parts, exclusive of the Plantations, from Christmas 1728 to Christmas 1735, and the Places to which exported.

And then he withdrew.

__And the said Returns were read.

Ordered, That the said Returns and Accounts be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Ironmongers of tins Kingdom, in behalf of themselves, and many others trading to his Majesty’s Plantations in America, is referred.

The Returns and Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Removing ftlr. Fall presented to the House, according to Order, Seton’s Dif- a Bill to enable George Seton, of Barnes, to sue, or main-ability by tain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; Attainder. ancj to yemove any Disability in him, by reason of his laid Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Improving Mr. Alderman'Parsons reported from the Committee,

London tQ \vhom the Petition of the Lord-Mayor, Aldermen,

and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined the ftlatter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it ill at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the ftlatter of the said Petition: And to prove the Allegations thereof,

Thomas Jackson Esquire, Town Clerk, and John Le-thieullier Esquire, Remembrancer, of the said City, were Called, and Examined .< Who said, That the Well-ordering and regulating the Nightly Watch, and the Beadle of the several Wards, within the said City of London, is highly necessary for the Preservation and Security of the Lives and Properties of the Inhabitants of the said City, the present Number of Watchmen not being sufficient to take care of the fame:

And, as there is no Law in being for enforcing the Payment of any Sum of ftloney, towards the defraying the necessary Charges of lueh Nightly Watch, but ohly personal Duty, several Persons of the said Wards refute paying the same; by which ftfeans, a very unequal Tax and Burden is imposed upon the rest of the Inhabitants thereof:

The said Witnesses, being further examined, in relation to the Condition of the Pavements of the Streets in several Wards of the said City, said, That there were many Places thereof extremely ruinous and bad, and dangerous for Persons pacing through the fame, that several Inconve* niences and Damages are frequently occasioned thereby: That the Petitioners laid before the Committee the Act of Parliament of the 22d and 23d of his late Majesty King Charles the Second; and, upon reading fume of the Clauses therein, it appears, That there is no Provision made for the Repayment of such Sums of ftloney as have been expended by the Chamberlain of the said City, for the Pavement of the Streets before empty Houses; but that there is only a Power given to the Citizens of the said City, and such Perlpns to be authorized by them, tQ assess and levy the Taxes and Assessments on all Tofts, of Ground unbuilt, and other Hereditaments, whereon there shall be no present Occupier; and, upon Detault of Payment, by Six Days after Demand made thereof, the Scavengers are impowered to levy such Sums, so charged and assessed, by Diltrels and Sale of the Goods of the Parties neglecting and refilling to pay the same:

And, upon reading another Clause in the said Act of Parliament, it appears, That, on proper Complaint being made of the Decay in any of the said Streets, to the Persons authorized and appointed by the ftlayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, at their publick ftleeting, and upon due Proof made, that such Grievance is unreformed, then, and in such Case, the Person or Persons so complaining shall forthwith receive the Orders of the said Persons so authorized, as aforesaid, for the redressing thereof, together with their Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, directed to the Chamberlain of the said City, for the Time being, to ifibe out ftlonies for defraying the Charges thereof, together with any Sums of ftloney, not exceeding Ten Shillings, for Encouragement of his or their Diligence therein, who, upon Receipt of such ftloney, shall pay the same accordingly:

The said Witnesses, being further examined, said, That, in pursuance of the said recited Act, several Sums of Money have been disbursed by the Chamberlain of the said City, for the Purposes aforesaid; but, in regard there is no Provision made for the Repayment thereof, the said Petitioners are much aggrieved, and the Streets of the said City remain in a ruinous and dangerous Condition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for ‘the better regulating the Nightly Watch, and Beadles, in the City of London, and Liberties thereof; and fur making more effectual the Laws now in being for paving ' and cleansing the Streets and Sewers in and about the said City: And that ftlr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Alderman

Willimot,

io Geo. II. 25 0 Martii825

H ilitmot, Sir John Barnard, and Mr. Alderman Perry, do prejwre, and bring in, the fume.

I^i Sir Thomas Clarke reported from the Committee to Nitration. *hom the Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Iniiabitants, of the Town of Hertford, and of the Inhabitant* of the Town of Ware, in the County of Hertford, and of several Tanners, Maltsters, ami liar^e Owners living in or near the said Towns, whole Names arc thereunto subscribed, on bclmlf of themlblves, and several Jluudrcds of other Pei Ions n tiding near to, and concerned in, the Navigation on the River Lea, running from Hertford to Ware, and horn thence to the River of Thames, near the City of I^jndon, ami of the Governor and Company of the A cte River brought from Chamrell and Annccli to London, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Mutter of the said Petition; and had directed him to re|>ort the tame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fan>e was read; and is ns follows; viz.

The Committee have examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof, the Petitioners Agent laid before the Committee,

An Act of Parliament, palh-d in the 13th Year of the Reign of Quern FJlzahith. for the bringing of the River of Let to the North-tide of the City of lumdon, and also an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King James the First, for the bringing in of a fresh Stream of running Water to the North Part of the City of London; and also one other Act, p iflod in the Fourth Year of the Reign of the said King James, for Explanation of the last-tneulioned Statute; which Acts were read:

And, by the first-mentionrd Act, a Power is given to the Lord Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, o! the City of London, to beju, and continue, the Laying-out of such convenient Limits of Ground, for the Making of a Trench for the f rid River, at such Breadth, and in such Manner, as is and are particularly defcitt>ed in and by the said Act; and a Power is, by the said Act, given to the Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, for the Time being, at the Request of the Lord Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, of the said City, to ap|joint and authorize, by Commission under the Great Seal, lb Commissioners, Four to be of the City of London, and the other 12 to be of the Counties adjoining to the River of Lee; viz-Four of every of the Shires of tlffes, ATuidieJcx, and Hertford, or some of them, not being Citizens ot London, tiling the Trade of Merchandize; which 16 Commit* (ioners, or the more number of them, had thereby hill Power and authority to treat, agree, und compound, with such Numbers ot Freeholders and Inhabitants of the said Counties, as to them shall seem meet and convenient, for the scouring, cleansing, repairing, and keeping the River Lee, from such Place where the New River or Cut should have the Beginning, to the Town of Ware, in such fort as that the (atne should be navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels:

And, by the Second Act before-mentioned, a Power is given to the Lord Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, of London, and their Successors, to make a new Trench, for conveying Water from ChadivtU and Amwdl.to the City of London, and to maintain tb^ same when made; and that they might, from time to time, (top all Breaches, at their own Charges, and sufficiently maintain them; and make a Recompence to the Party or Parties grieved, for the Damages they should sustain by such Breaches; and that the new Cut, Stream, or River, when finished, should be subject to the Commission of Sewers; and the Scouring, Cleansing, Amending, and Conservation, of the Nexv River, or Cut, should be at the pnly Cost and Charges of the Mayor, Citizens, apd Commonalty, of the City -of London:

And, by the Act of the 4th of KingJi/w&y, the Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens, of Xhe City of London, were further impowered to make a Trunk, or Vault, in Vot. 22.

the Earth, of Brick or Stone, not exceeding 10 Feet in Lea Breadth, for the Passage of die Water from Chadwell Navigation, and Anraxll to London, which they w ere for ever to maintain, and preserve the fame.

'1 hen the Committee proceeded to examine Witnesses:

And

Mr. Bostoc/c Toiler, being called, said. That he appeared as Agent for the Petitioners the Corporation and Inhabitants of the Town of Hertford. and also for the inhabitants of the Town of If are, and for the Navigators on the River Lea; and that he, about Four Years ago, was directed by those Petitioners to inquire what Right the New River Compuny lmil to take so large a Quantity of Water out of the River Lea, as they constantly did; and, about a Year and Half since, he came to the Knowledge of the lame.

He produced, and laid before the Committee, a Copy of an Order of Council, bearing Date the 2id Day of September ilTuj; by which it appeared to the Committee,

That several DifpuUs had formerly been between the New lliver Company and the Malltersand Barge-masters cl Ware and Hertford, in relation to the Conveying of Water out of the River Lea into the Ncic River , and that the Matter in Difference lietween them having been laid before the King and Council, in the Year 1667 and 1008, nn Order, datrd the 2id of September 1 OGq, was made by the King and Council; a true Copy w hereof was laid before the Committee; wherein ’tis recited,

That the Matter in Difference between the Governor and Company of the Corporation of the New River, and the M a liters and Burge-matters of Hare and Hertford\ concerning the Conveyance ot Water out of the River Lea into the Acre River, had, by Order, of the J.^th of that Month, been appointed to be heard the 22d of September 1600; and that the Parties concerned attending accordingly , and being called in, with their Count'd, and Two lcvcrul Reports, one ligned by lix of the Ke-ferrees, to whom, among other 1 dings, the Matters in Difference had been, by Two f veral Orders of Council, of the 16th o (October 1O07, and the 29th of July \ 668, referred, to settle the fame, if they could, or otherw ife to make Report to that Board; the other signed by 15 Commissioners of Sewers lor the River Lea and the New River rdiding in the County of Middlesex, to w hom the fame Matter had been also referred, by Order of the 28th of August then last; being read; as also several Depositions of Witnesses and other Evidences; and by hearing Counsel on both Parties, as also Counsel for the City of London, in behalf of *the Navigation of the River oiLea, and long Debate had thereupon;

His theu Majesty taking it into his Princely Oonfi-deration, as well the great LTfe and Benelit of the Navigation of the River Lea, not only to the City of London, and County of Hertford, but also to the adjacent Counties, as the Necessity of (applying the City of London with the New River Water, was then graciously pleated, in Council, to prefer.

That the Governor and Company of the New River should take away their great; Pipes, then lying in the River Lea, and, dnstead thereof, should lay Two lefier Pipes, the one of Eight, and the other of Six, Inches Bore, at or -near the Places where, the great Pipes lay, and to place and contrive them, that they might be coniiantly fervad with Water to supply the New River; and, if, upon Trial, it should be found that the Water in the River Lea would not always rife high enough to fill the said Pipes, that the Governor and Company might, and they were thereby authorized, to set up and use a Turnpike,

Jetty, or some other Device, to raise and force the Water to the Pipes, whereby they might be rendered most useful to the New River, yetio. as might not cauie Inundation of the Meadow-grounds adjoining, nor retard or iendanger the Vessels that should pals that Way; and -thereof all Pprlpns concerned were to take Notice, and to conform ihemselves thereunto accordingly, as they would anfiyer the contrary to their Peril:

10 A And

1

8 £6

250 Maftiv.

A. 1737.

L*i And Mr. Toller further fa Id, That when he had col-

ligation. Ic&ed all the Fasts together, he recommended it to the , Inhabitants of the Towns of Hertford and lVare, and the

Navigators, to take the Opinion of some eminent Coun-fel; whereupon a same was stated, a Copy whereof was laid before the present Lord Chancellor, then his Majesty’s Attorney General, and another Copy before the late Lord Chief Justice Reeve; and they both advised, That, as the same was a publick Concern, proper Application should be made to the Legislature; and thereupon he waited on the New River Company, from time to time, by Directions of the Persons he was concerned for, that an amicable Agreement might be entered into.

Dr. Defeguliers, being called, and examined, said, That, in August last, he was sent for into the Country, by the Navigators on the River Lea, but did not know for what Purpose: That, whilst he (laid there, he measured the Gage, or new-made Instrument, belonging to the New River Company, through which the whole Water* passed out of the River Lea, and found that lnftru-mentto measure Six Feet wide, and Two Feet deep, and the Top thereof to be 28 Inches above the Cill at the Water-houfo; and then he measured the Quantity of Water below the Gage, and found, that it run about 2,400 Tun in an hour, with small Allowances for the Eddies: That, on the 28th of the same Month, he went down again, and, not trusting to the First Experiment, he then made several others, in Presence of many Persons of the Towns of Hertford and Ware, and of one Mr. Mill, a Gentleman belonging to the New River Company, who also made a Calculation; and that, after making several large Allowances, he found the Quantity of Water diverted or taken out of the said River to be 2,100 Tun per Hour.

He also said, That, by the Pipes which were directed to be laid down by the before-mentioned Order of Council, about 200 Tun of Water an Hour would be taken out of the River, the Surface of the Water being just over the Pipes; but if the Pipes were square, 250 Tun of Water per Hour would be taken out.

And he further said, That the fall of that River is very cdnsiderable, and if a Compensation was given for erecting Locks, and making other Conveniences for the Navigation, not only that Quantity of Water which is now taken, but half as much more might be taken, without any Prejudice to the Navigation.

Mr. Thomas Pettit, and Mr. James Fordham, Barge-Owners, being severally examined, said. That they had known the River Lea, the one 45, and the other 47 Years; and that there is a greater Difference in the Navigating of Boats and Barges now, than when they tirft used the River:

That formerly they navigated to and from London to Ware in a considerable left time than they now do, and at a much less Expence; and the Rcalon they gave was, because the Lock-keepers cut the Weeds, which makes the Water to run quicker away, and thereby the River becomes more shallow, and great Quantities of Gravel and Stones being thrown into the River by the Weir-keepers and Millers at the Wares, occasions so many Shoals, that they cannot now pass, without paying at the several Locks for Flashes of Water frequently in the Summer-leafon, by reason great Quantities of Water are taken out of the River, for the Use of the New River Company: And for those Reasons, the Witnesses said, That the Navigation is become very tedious and expensive.

They also said, The Owners of Boats and Barges, and the Navigators, had raised, amongst themselves, the Sum of £. 3,000. which had been expended in removing of Shoals: which, if ib large a Quantity of Water had not been taken away, and such Shoals thereby made, they should not have been at so great an Expence; and that, before the Weeds were cut, and Gravel and Stones thrown into the River, the Boats and Barges, when they got below Waltham Abbey, were frequently towed to Old Ford9 without any Obstruction, or the Assistance of any Weirs; which cannot now be done.

And they likewise said. That there had been, in their Memory, Two Commissioners of Sewers taken out, in relation to this Matter; and, during the time the Coin-missioners fat, and executed the Powers given by those Commissioners, the Navigation was carried on much ealier, and at a less Expence, than at other times.

And they severally added to their Evidence, That if a Fund was established for removing the Shoals, and a con* stant Commission of Sewers established, it would make a double Recompence for the Water now taken out of the River by the New River Company; and that the several Nuisances complained of would thereby be remedied: and that such a Quantity of Water, as is now taken out, be the better spared.

Mr. Toller, being again called, said, That the River Lea is divided into Two or Three Branches, between the Towns of Hertford and Ware, and unite again into One Stream, a little below Ware Mill: That the ancient and right Way of navigating Boats and Barges between the said Towns, was, and is, through One of the said Branches, called Manifold Ditch; but the Navigation is now carried on, and has been for many Years past, through another Branch of the said River, called, the Mill Stream, running to Ware Mills, and from thence, through a Lock or Cistern there, into the main Stream running to Ware Bridge; but this Navigation is carried on by Agreement between the Navigators and the Owners of Ware Mill; but may be refilled by the Owners of that Mill; and, if they should, the Navigators must have Recourse to their ancient ami right Way through Manifold Ditch; which will oblige the New River Company to pull up their Turhpike or Jetty erected cross the fame, for conveying the Water they now take, which is now agreed they may take out of the said River Lea, whereby the Company will be less able to supply the Cities of London and Westminister with the Quantity of Water they now do; but, that the Company may be enabled to supply the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, the Company have agreed to purchase Ware Mills, and the Lock belonging’to the fame, with the Stream of Water running to the fame; and to declare, That the Stream through the Lock there into the main River, shall be the indifpu table right Way for navigating Boats and Barges for the future between Hertford and Ware; and when the same flmH be so purchased, and declared, the Navigators have, on their Part, agreed to relinquifti all their Right and Title to the Navigating of Boats and Barges through Manifold Ditch; by which the Company will have the sole Use of the Turnpike or Jetty already erected, and will thereby be the better enabled to supply the said Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, with good fresh Water.

Mr. Jasper Bull, Clerk to the New River Company, said, That he had Directioqs from the General Court of that Company, held the 17th Instant, to attend, and acquaint the Committee, That the Company had agreed to certain Proposals made to them; which were, That the Corporation of the Town of Hertford should have £.500. Premium, and £. 50. per Annum, to commence from Michaelmas 1734; and that the Sums of £. 1,000 Premium, and £. 300. per Annum, were to be for the Town of Ware, and for the Improvement of the Navigation only, to commence from the same time; and that the several Sums were to be paid to certain Trustees, on condition that such a Quantity of Water was given to the New River Company, out of the River Lea, as will pass through a Trough of Six Feet wide, and Two Feet deep; and the same was confirmed by Act of Parliament.

It appeared to the Committee, That there has been a Navigation for Boats and Barges, from the Town of Hertford to the Town of Ware, Time out of Mind: But the Witnesses said, That the Navigation was not always carried through the same Branch of the River as it is at this time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for ascertaini.ng, preferring, and improving, the Navigation

of

io Geo. II.

250 Mar Hi.

827

of the River Lea, from the Town of Hertford to the Town of Ware, in the County of Hertford; and for prefer ving and improving the said River, from the said Town of Ware to the City of London; and for enabling the Governor and Company of the Nexo River the better to ibpply the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Surburbs and Liberties thereof, with good and wholesome Water: And that Sir Thomas Clarke, Mr. Braffey, Mr. William Plumer, Mr. Richard Plainer, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Walker, and Mr. Ulonfon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Norton's

Eftat*.

Ways and Meant.

Mr. John Bristow, from the South Sea Company, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order* an Account of the Quantity of Old and New South Sea Annuity Stock, and the Number of Annuitants who are intitled to any such Stock, not exceeding a Thousand Pounds to each Annuitant: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Old and New South Sea Annuity Stock, holden by Executors Administrators, and Trustees, and the Number of such Trusts.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as follow: viz.

South Sea Stock*

In Pursuance of an Order of the honourable House of Commons, the under-written contains,

An A CC O U N T of the Quantity of Old and New South Sea Annuity Stock, and the Number of Annuitants who are intitled to any such Stock, not exceeding a Thousand Pounds to each Annuitant.

Number. Quantity.

£. s.

Old South Sea Annuities - 8,760 3,033,754 15 1

New South Sea Annuities ----- 8,436 2,736,764 — 1

Total - - *7,196 5,770,518 16 —

South Sea House,

March 25th, 1737.

J. Gyles Chief Clerk,

InPurfuance of an Order of the honourable House of Commons, the under-written contains,

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Old and New South Sea Annuity Stock, holden by Executors, Administra-

tors, and Trustees, and the Number of such Trusts.

Number. Quantity.

£. d.

Old South Sea Annuities ----- 3,423 5,679,306 19 —

New South Sea Annuities ----- 2,828 2,717,946 18 10

Total - - 6,251 8,397,253 17 10

Wrought

Iron

imported.

Removing Rollo’s Durability by Attainder.

South Sea House,

March, 25th, 1737.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill to prevent the Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for Limitation of Actions, and for avoiding Suits in Law, being pleaded, iniifted on, or taken Advantage of, by any Persons claiming under the last Will oiRichard Norton, of Southwick, deceased, against any Claim, Title, or Demand, Thomas Norton Esquire hath to or upon the Manor of Old Alresford, and Lands in Hampshire, settled by Indenture, of the Fifth of March 1657, or the Rents and Profits thereof, was read the First time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of what w rought Iron, and Iron in Bars, have been exported to foreign Parts, exclusive of the Plantations, trom Christmas 1710 to Christmas J 718.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable James Rollo only Son of Robert Rollo, late of Powhouse, deceased, to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder; to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Vol, 22.

J. Gyles, Chief Clerk.

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the further regulating of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities, Boroughs, Towns, and Ports, in that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Rushout took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Rushout reported from the Committee That they had made feme Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Encouragement of Learning, by the more effectual securing the Copies of printed Books to the Authors or purchasers of such Copies, during the Times therein to be mentioned; and to repeal an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Learning, by vesting the Copies of printed Books in the Authors or Purchasers of such Copies, during the Times therein mentioned; and for the better securing the Payment of the Drawback of the Duties for Paper used in printing Books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental, and

Northen,

Regulating

Election*.

Copy-right of printed Books.

828 25 — 28° 1737.

Northern, Languages, within the Two Universities of Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kirk-

Oxford and Cambridge. patrick, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir James Grant, Captain

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. ' Gough, Mr. Lochxvood\ Lord 67/«c, Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

The Lord Cornbury took the Chair of the Committee. Barnet, Mr. Wright, Mr. Longacville, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Sir James Campbell, Mr. Marshall, Dr. Lee, Mr. ChoL

The Lord Cornbury reported from the Committee, mondeley, Mr. Ashby, Sir Orl. Bridgman, Mr. Robinfm, That they had conlklered the Petition to them referred of Sir Wilfred Laztfon, Lord James Cavendish, Colonel *$W-several Paper-makers, whose Names are thereunto fab- wyn, AIr. Coster, Sir Wm. Stapleton, Sir Thoims Lee, Sir feribed on behalf of themselve9, and several other Paper- Francis Child, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Walker, Mr. Digby, makers of this Kingdom; and had gone through the Bill, Mr. Yates, Air Griffith, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Archer, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had Mr. Bevan, Mr. Yorke, Captain Martin, Sir Francis directed him to report, when the House will please’ to Boynton; and all the Alembers whofcrve for North Bri- . receive the same. tain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Alorning next.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Refotved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply Bill; The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Laud Tax. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1737-

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

-Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will p'leaie to receive the same.

Ordered, That the [Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Thfc other Order of the Day being read;

Punishing Refobed, That this House will, upon Wednesday Alorn-Rogues and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee 01 the whole Vagabonds, House, upon the ‘ Bill, for the more effectual punishing Rogues and Vagabonds, and for the better Relief of such poor Persons as are therein mentioned.

Hertford- The Lord Harry Rowlett presented to the House, ac-br,^Se' cording to Order, a Bill for repairing the Roads from Roa^ Hertford-bridge-hill to the Town of Basingstoke, in the

jCounty of Southampton; and also the Road from the Sign of the Phoenix in the Parish of Hartley Wintney, to the Town of Odiham, in the said County: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Lord Harry Poxclett have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly: And

The laid Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 2 8° die Martii j

Anno jo* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1737.

Praters.

Dumfries a HILL for continuing an Act, passed in the Third improvement. Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Firit, dor laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, On every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the TownofDumfries, and Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the Laid Town, and for building a Church, and making a Harbour there; and for laying a Duty on the Tonage of 'Shipping, and a Duty 011 Goods imported and exported into and out of the said Town, for the better Repairing Joflhe said- Harbour; was read a Second time.

- 20

Cl#ek, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of sundry Ironmongers and Afanufacturers Importation in the Town of Birmingham, in behalf of themselves, and \ meric

many others trading to his Majesty’sPlantations in America, 1 merica* was presented to the House, and read; fatting forth,

That the Inhabitants of the British Colonies, having great Plenty of Iron mine and Wood, have <Te6ied several Furnaces and Forges, for the Alaking of Bar Iron, with which Great Britain may, in Course of Years, be fop-plied, and rendered independent of any foreign Country for a Commodity so elfantial to the Support of our Navi- ’ gat ion j but that it is to be feared, if same Encouragement be not given for the Importation of it into Great Britain that they will be induced to work up the said Ironthem-selves, to the great *Pecay and Prejudice of the Iron Trade in this Kingdom, which, at this time, employs more People, especially of the poor laborious Sort, than any other Trade, that of the Woollen Manufacture only excepted: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Chnsideration, and give such Encouragement for the Importation of Bar Iron, Pigs, and Sows, from America, and lay such a Restraint on the Manufacturing, as to the House shall seem reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Ironmongers in this Kingdom, in behalf of themselves, and many others trading to his Majesty *s Plantations in America, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Bill for inlarging the Term and Powers granted by Dunstable, an Act, pasted in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his delate Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act Road* for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Black Bull Inn, in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford,

To the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shafford House, in the County of Hertford; and for preventing the Driving of Cattle through private Grounds and Pafl-ages, to avoid the Payment of the Toll charged upon Cattle, by an Act, of the First Year of his late Majesty, and the Eighth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads trorn South Aftimms, to St. Alban's in the said County of Hertford,; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the.Lfol be committed to Mr. Ashby,

Lord Gage, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Janies Grant, Air.

Gore, Dr. Lee, S\v Thomas Lee, Mr. Lockwood, Mr. YorJcg,

Air. Archer, Mr. Fenxvick, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gybbon, Air.

Wright, Mr. Plumer, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Legh Master,

Sir WilfrnL Laxcfon, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Byng, NiY John Barnard. Lord Limerick, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Croft, Mr. Drummond; and all the Members whoserve for the Counties of Hertford,

Bedford, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker^ Chamber.

Sir Francis Child, reported -from the Committee to Whitechapel whom the Petition of the Churchwarden, Overseers df to Woodford the Poor, Constable, Surveyors of the Highway, and *’c* oa *' others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants and Landholders within the Hamlet of Poplar and Blackwall, in t ie Parish of Siebonhcath, alias Stepney, in

the

to Geo. II. ^8° MartiL

the County of Middlesex, in behalf of them selves, and the rest of the Inhabitants and Landholders within the said Hamlet, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition: And, in order to prove the Allegations thereof,

Mr. William Hoare was called: Who, being examined, said. That the Road desired to be repaired by the Petitioners is the only Road out of the Counties of Essex and Middlesex into the County of Kent, by the Ferry or Passage into the TJle of Ducks; and that the same is become exceedingly ruinous and bad, from the Number of Cattle continually passing that Way to the Isle of Ducks; to the Detriment indeed of the Roads of the Petitioners, but to the great Increase of Tolls arising thereby to the Turnpike, from whence they hope to have some assistance for the better Repairing of them.

The Committee then proceeded to inquire how far the Inhabitants were able to repair the fame: And it appeared, by the Evidence of

Mr. Henry Hall9 That the Hamlet of Poplar was in very different Circumstances from what it had been in his Time, who had known it for Forty Years: That Lands, that lett for £3. 10s. od. per Acre, were reduced to Forty Shillings; and that a Yard, that used to be lett for £ 100. per Annum, it was with some Difficulty that he now got£ 10. per Annum for:

That a Fifth Part of the said Parish was uninhabited; and such as are Inhabitants, are now in l'uch mean and low Circumstances, that they are unable to bear any additional Taxes; notwithstanding which, the Sum of Twenty Pounds per Annum has been constantly paid to the Trustees for repairing the Highways from the Stones End at Whitechapel Church to Shenfield and Woodford, in Part of the Composition of £ 150. to be paid by the Parish of Stepney.

He observed likewise to the Committee, That the Badness of the Roads was in some measure owing to the heavy Loads of Gravel passing through the fame, for the Repair of the Highways above-mentioned; which, in a limilar Cafe, with respect to Angel-lane, had beenefteem-ed, in the late Ad forrepairing the Highways from Stones End at Whitechapel Chu rc h, and Shea fields sufficient reason for including the said Lane within the said Act. The Petitioners then proceeded to lay before the Committee, the State of the Revenue arising by the Turnpike afore-mentioned: Upon which,

Thomas Dun, Clerk to the Trustees for repairing the said Roads, attending, according to Order, produced an Account of Receipts and Disbursements of the said Turnpike for these Three Years last past; whereby it appeared, That the yearly Revenue arising therefrom amounted, at a Medium, to upwards of £ 3,700; and the annual Expence attending the fame, at a Medium, to £3,000; so that there was a yearly Saving of £. 700. and more: It likewise appeared to the Committee, by the Evidence of the said Mr. Dun, That the main expensive Work of Bridges and Drains, which had cost the Turnpike near £ 1,000. was now completed ;so that the Expence of repairing the , said Road for some time would be considerably abated; notwithstanding which great Charges, that, at Michaelmas last, there was in Hand above £996; and that, since that time, £. 1,060. of Principal Money had been paid off.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the JEleign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the Stones End at White-chapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Shevfidd, and to the furthermost Part of the Parish of Woodford, leading to the Town of Eppingy in the County of Eff'ex; gnd for repairing the Road leading from the causevray, Vol. 22.

in the Parish of Low Layton, through Wanfield, to the End of the Parish of Woodford, next to the Parish of Chig-welly in the said County of Ejffex; and also for repairing the Road from Mile-end to Shoreditch Church, in the County of Middlesex; is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, for repairing the Roads within the Hamlet of Poplar and Blackwall, in the Parish of Stebonheath alias Stepney, in the County of Middlesex.

Sir George Cafwall reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Rulers, Auditors, and Assistants, of the Company of Watermen and Lightermen, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Company, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read 5 and the Report and Resolutions of the Committee are as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition: And, to prove the Allegations thereof,

The Petitioners laid before the Committee several Acts of Parliament made touching Watermen, Wherry-men, and Lightermen, rowiagon the River of Thames^ and for the better ordering and governing the said Watermen, WHierrymen, and Lightermen, upon the said River, between Gravesend and Windsor.

And, upon readingan Act of Parliament, passed in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, it appeared to the Committee, That no Wherrymen or Watermen shall take any Apprentice under tJie Age of Eighteen Years at least, unless the Son of aVv aterman, who might be taken an Apprentice at the Age of Sixteen Years.

And, upon reading an Act, passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, for Explaining and better Executing of former Acts, it likewise appeared to the Committee, That the said Wherrymen, Watermen, and Lightermen, were incorporated into One Company; and were impowered to make reasonable Rules* Orders, and Constitutions, for their Government.

Then the Petitioners laid before the Committee, a Book, containing several Orders and Rules, which were made and confirmed as prescribed and directed by the said last mentioned Act; whereby it appeared to the Committee, That no Waterman shall have more than One Apprentice at One time; nor shall be capable of taking any Apprentice, until such Matter hath been a Freeman Seven Years; and shall not take a Second till his First be dead, or the Term expired; and that no Lighterman shall take any Apprentice until be is a real Owner of Two Lighters, nor shall have any more than One Apprentice at one time, under the Penalties therein mentioned.

And, upon reading the Act of Parliament passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, it likewise appeared to the Committee, That the Clause in the said Act, of the First of King James9 for the restraining the taking of Apprentices under the several Ages of Eighteen and Sixteen Years, and also the said Rule, Order, and Constitution, were repealed.

And it further appeared to the Committee, upon reading a Clause in another Act, of the same Year of her said late Majesty’s Reign, for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen, and for the better and speedier manning her Majesty’s Fleet, it is enacted, That in case any Waterman, Bargeman, Wherryman, or Lighterman, upon Notice being left, in Writing, at the Place of his usual Abode, in pursuance of Notice given to the Company of Watermen by the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing such Office, shall not appear before the Rulers of the said Company, within Ten Days after such Summons, to be lent on board the Royal Fleet; such Person, being convi61ed thereof is to iiifler One Month’s Imprisonment and to be 10 B disabled

Regulating Watermen, & c.

830 2&° Martii. 1737.

Regulating disabled from working on the River Thames, or enjoy-Watermen, ing anyv of the Privileges of the said Company, for &c* Two Years.

Then the Petitioners, to prove the other Allegations contained in their Petition, called,

William ChurchyClerk to the said Company of Watermen; Who said. That, in pursuance of the Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty, great Number of Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, have taken Apprentices, for the fake of small Sums of Money, at the Age of Twelve and Thirteen Years (a List of which he produced to the Committee), who were unlit for such Service, by reason of their not having Strength, nor of Size, sufficient for the Labour required in fuel] Occupation, and have taken more than they had Employment for; so that the Number of Mailers and Apprentices, within these few Years, is increased to upwards of Eight thousand; and that Three Parts of the Apprentices are taken Tor no more than Two or Three Pounds.

And said, That, for want of their Matters having a proper Habitation to retain and keep such Apprentices at, they are not only unikilful, and unfit for their Bufi-nels, but frequently become vagrant, idle, and profligate; and that the Lives and Goods of Passengers have been and are olten exposed to very great Dangers: And added, That frequent Roberies have been and are daily committed on the said River; and that, within these few Years past, great Numbers of such Apprentices have been convicted of Felony.

And likewise informed the Committee, That by reason of such Watermen having no settled Habitation, or Place of Abode, no Summons can be properly served for their Appearance before the Rulers of the said Company, as directed by the last mentioned Act; by which means they wholly avoid the Penalty thereof, and withdraw themselves in secret places when their Service is very much wanted.

John Middle mar fh y Lighterman, being examined, said. He should he willing to take an Apprentice of 17 or 18 years of Age, without having Money with him, and apprehended that was a proper Age to take such an Apprentice at; for then they were able to do their Matters proper Service: And said, There was no Inducement for Matters to take them at the Age of 12 or 13 Years, but the Money which was given with them, and not for any Benefit they might receive from their Service; and confirmed the Evidence given by William Church, relating to the several Robberies being frequently committed by such Apprentices; and that several of them had been, within these few Years, convicted of Felony, some of whom have been hanged, and some transported.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations contained in their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Motion be made for Leave to bring in a Bill for regulating the Company of Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, rowing on the River of Thames, between Gravesend, in the County of Kent, and Windsor, in the County of Berks, in regard to their taking Apprentices.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Company of Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, rowing on the River Thames, between Gravesend, in the County of Kent, and WindJbr, in the County of Berks, in regard to their taking Apprentices: And that Sir George Cafzvall, and Mr. Brereton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Cook’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for Sale of a certain Leasehold Estate of Thomas Cook Esquire, in the County of Gloucester; and for settling some Freehold and Copyhold Estates of Inheritance, of greater Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Gage,

Mr. Carfzvrighty Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir JVm. Sta* pleton, Mr. Compton, Sir James Grant, Mr. Yorke, Mr,

Legh Master, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Archer, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Cafar%

Mr. Coster, Mr. Sandy s, Lord Morpeth, Lord Limerick,

Mr. Papillon, Lord Polzoarth, Mr. Gyhbon, Mr. Holden,

Mr. Lyttleton, Mr. Waller, Mr. Chetzvynd, Mr. Leheup,

Sir Roger Bradfuaigh, Mr. Turner, Sir IVm. Clayton; and all the Members who serve for the County of Gloucester And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enable John Harvey Esquire, now called Harvey’* John Thurjby, to take and use the Surname and Arms Name, of Thurjby, in pursuance of the Will of William Thurs-by Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Compton,

Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Chaffin, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Gore, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Lijlc,

Mr. Crawley, Mr. Chester, Mr. Legh Master, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Charles Mor daunt,

Sir James Grunt, Mr. Turner, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Pi-gott, Mr. Wollaston, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Dighy, Mr.

Bramston, Mr. Guido!t. Sir Francis Child\ Sir John Ru-fiout, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Leheup, Sir Wm.

Clayton, Mr. Smith, Sir James Campbell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed, that Roger Anderson, Witnessto now a Prisoner in the Prison of the Fleet, is a material be brought Witnessto be examined again touching the Matter of the Petition of Sir John Glynne Baronet, complaining ee 11 of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Flint in the County of Flint, appointed to be further heard Tomorrow, at the Bar of this House;

Ordered, That the said Roger Anderson be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants to the Keeper of the said Prison, and to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, accordingly.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excise do Duties 01 lay before this House, an Account of the Gross and Soap, &c. Net Produce of the Duties upon Soap, Candles, and Leather for Seven Years, ending at Midsummer lad; distinguishing each Duty, and each Year.

Ordered, that the proper Officers do lav before this Duties on House, an Account of the Produce of the Duties upon Houses. Houses, for Seven Years, ending at Christmas Iaft; distinguishing each Duty, and each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this DutieJ on House, an Account of the Gross and Net Produce of Coals, the Duties upon Coals, for Seven Years, ending at Christmas last; distinguishing each Duty, and each Year.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the National Debt;

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of old and new South Sea Annuities Stock, and the Number of Annuitants who are intitledto any such Stock, not exceeding a thousand Pounds to each Annuitant, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of old and New South Sea Annuity Stock holden by Executors, Administrators, and Trustees, and the Number of such Trusts, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir

ioGe6. II. 28° — 290 831

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, that the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read; pply Bill; Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the

and Tax. whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1 737, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 90 die Martii;

Anno 10° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1737.

Prayers.

JgART HO LO ME IV Bar o tty took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Cook’s Ordered, That Mr. Hanbury Williams, Mr. Lloyd,

Estate. Colonel Morgan, Mr Holland, Mr. Maijler, Mr. Town/ hend, Mr. Selxvyn, Mr. Fane, be added to the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of a certain Leasehold Estate of Thomas Cook Esquire, in the County of GlouceJhr\ and for settling some Freehold and Copyhold Estates of Inheritance, of greater Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof; is committed.

Steel, &c. The House being informed, that Mr. Oxenford, from mportedand the Commissioners of the Costoms, attended at the D001; exported. He was ca||efj jn . and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the Quantity of Steel imported into England from Chriff-mas 171810 Christmas 1735, the Duty payable thereon, and what the Duties have amounted to; distinguishing each Year, and each Country from whence imported: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Steel exported from England, from Christmas 1718 to Christmas 1735, distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of what wrought Iron, and Tron in Bars, have been exported to foreign Parts, exclusive of the Plantations, from Christmas 1710 to Christmas 1718. And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Ironmongers of this Kingdom, in behalf of themselves, and many others trading to his Majesty’s Plantations in America, is referred.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Whitechapel Ordered, That Mr. Lockivood, Mr. Bathurst, and Mr. to Woodford Henry Bathurst, be added to the Committee to whom &c. Roads; the Bill for inlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the Stones End at Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Shenfield. and to thefur-thermost Part of the Parish of Woodford, leading to the Town of Epping, in the County of Essex\ and for repairing the Road leading from the causeway, in the Parish of Low Layton, through Wanstead, to the End of the Pari Hi of Woodford, next to the Parish of Chigxoell, in the said County of Essex; and also for repairing the Road from Mile-end to Shoreditch Church, in the said County of Middlesex; is committed*

Vol. 22.

A Bill for repairing the Roads from Hertfnrd-bridge- Hertford hill to the Town of Baji, gjtoke, in the County of Southampton; and also the Road from the Sign of the Phoenix, in the Parish of Hartley Wintney, t > the Town of Odiham, in the said County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Harry Pozvfeft, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Clutterhuck,

Si' James Campbell, Mr. Bathurst, Lord Polwarth, Mr,

Hoiv, Brigadier Handafyde, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Yorke,

Mr. Wilkinfm, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Sheppard, Mr.

Ijmgueville, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Hacks, Mr.

Shultlexvorth. Lord Archibald Hamilton, Mr. Bade, Sir Orl. Bridgman, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Watts, Mr. Hay, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Butler, Mr. Wyndham, Dr. Lee,

Lord Limerick, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Coster, Mr. Harvey,

Mr. Bance, Sir John Rushout, Sir James Grant, Mr.

Gybbon, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Aifiabie, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Mr Lockwood, Mr. Huxley, Sir Wm. Clayton,

Mr. Thompson, Mr. Archer, Mr. Griffith, Sir Thomas Frankland, Mr. Harley, Mr. Olmius; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Wilts, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Captain Martin presented to the House, according Colchefte* to Order, a Bill for the better cleaning, paving, repair- Street*, ing, and enlightening, the Streets and Lanes in the 1 own of Colchester, in the County of Essex, and for appointing a regular Watch within the said Town: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Talbot>g to enahf I ruftees, during the respective Minorities of Estatei. George Talbot Esquire, and his younger Brothers, to grant Leafesof the Estates of the said Infants, in the Counties of Salon, Worcester, Berks, Chester, Stafford,

Oxford, and Wilts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Lyttleton, Mr. Iianbury Williams, Mr. Whitworth, Mr,

Whitmore, Mr. Treby, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Rushout,

Dr. Lee, Mr. Watts, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Coster, Mr. Lon-gueville, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Affleck, Mr.

Campbell, Mr. Clutterbuck% Sir Abr. Elton, Mr. Crosse,

Mr. Knight, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Hacks, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. York, S\r Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Gybbon, Sir1 Wm. Clayton,

Mr. Hedworlh, Mr. Archer, Mr. Packer, Mr. Tozons-hend, Mr. Griffith, Mr. Pigott, Lord Noel Some?set,

Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Hoar; and all the Members who serve for the Counties o{'Salop, Worcester, Berks Chester, Stafford, Oxford, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act purton for inclosing and dividing certain Common Pasture iucloiurc. Grounds called Purton Common, and Purton Stoake Common, within the Parish of Purton, otherwise Puritan, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Drax do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Eyles, Mr. Gibson, Sir Bo- Whitechapel bert Long, Mr. Bevell, Mr. Stephen/)n, Mr. Houbbn, to Wood lord, and Sir John Hind Cotton, be added to the Committee to &c* Roads> whom the Bill for inlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the Stones End at Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Shenfield, and to the fur- thermeft Part of the Parish of Woodford, leading to the Town of Epping, in the County of Efex; and for repairing the Road leading from the causeway in the Parish

o

Hesketh’s

Mate.

Preventing of Stock -jobbing.

Worceftor

Roads.

Old Strat-ford Roads.

Des Bouve-rie’s Name.

Ifesketk’s

Mate.

Flint

Election.

190 Martii. 1757*

of Loiv Laytton, through Wansteady to the End of the Parish of Woodford, next to the Parish of Chigwell, in the said County of Eftx; and also for repairing the Road from Mile-end to Shoreditch Church, in the said County of Middlesex\ is committed.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom t he said Bill is committed; and to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of St.John at Hackney, in the County of Middlefe x, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, is referred, and before whom the Petitioners, ifthey think fit, are to be heard, by their Coun-fel, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and who are instructed to admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas Bennet and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees and Testamentary Guardians named in the Will of Thomas Hcjketh, late of Rnfford, in the County of Lancaster, Esquire, deceased, to perform the fame; and make Leases for Lives in his settled Estate, for paying his Debts during his Son’s Minority, in Ease of an Estate devised by him to be sold: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to make perpetual an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the infamous Practice of Stockjobbing, without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inlarging the Term granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads, therein ment ioned, leading into the City of Worcester, and for repairing several other Roads lying contiguous to the fame; and for reducing the Toll or Duties granted on Sheep and Lambs; without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, One of the Sixth Y’ear of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other of the Eleventh Y'ear ofihe Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing tile Highways from Old Stmt ford, in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Warzoick, without any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Sir Jacob des Bouverie Baronet, and John JJes Bouverie Esquire, and their respective Issue, and Elizabeth Des Bouverie, Sifter of the said John, to take and life the Surname of Bouverie, pursuant to the Desire of Jacob DesBouverie, and Sir Christopher Des Bouverie, deceased, without any Amendment.

And then the Meflfengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees and Testamentary Guardians named in the Will of Thomas Hcjketh, late oiRujford, in the County of Lancaster, Esquire, deceased to perform the fame; and make Leases for Lives, in his settled Estate, for pay ing his Debts during his Son’s Minority, in Ease of an Estate devised by him to be sold, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The! House, according to Order, proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Sir John Giynne Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Flint, in the County of Flint:

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner proceeded in their Evidence; and, having proposed to qualify several Persons, whole Votes for the Petitioner appear, upon the

original Poll taken at the said Election, to have been disallowed by the Returning Officers, they examined Benjamin Hughes, One of the Churchwardens of the Pa^ rifli of Flint, at and before the time of the said Election, in order to qualify One of the said Persons:

And a Paper being by this Witness produced, purporting to be the Church and Poor Rate for the Borough of Flint in the Year 1733;

The Counsel for the Sitting Member, having cross-examined him, and examined a Witness, in relation to the said Paper, objected to the Admission of that Paper in Evidence:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner havi g bee heard, by way of Answer to that objection n n And the Counsel for the Sitting Member having re" plied to that Answer;

And the Counsel on both Sides being directed to withdraw;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Paper produced by Benjamin Hughes be admitted in Evidence as the Rate for the Church and Poof of the Borough of Flint for the Year 1733;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

f Mr. C/wlmondeley, *43-

i Mr. Thomas Gore:

) \ I r. Whitworth,

£Mr. Croft: j I DO

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Counsel on both Sides were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

Then the Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Persons going, resolve itfelfinto aCommitteeof the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing an Act for the more effec- 0 tual punishing wicked and evil disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects and for the more speedy bringing Offenders to Justice; and for continuing Two Clauses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or Sea-Bank, and to prevent the maliciousCutting of Hop-binds, contained in an Act passed in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to . -, whom the Bill for the Relief of infol vent Debtors, was Debtors committed, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Removing resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Kollo's Dif-upon the Bill to enable James Rollo, only Son of Robert Rollo, late of P0:0house, deceased, to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real orpersonal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Copy-right the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Encou- of printed ragement of Learning, by the more effectual securing 00 9‘ the Copies ofprinted Bookstothe Authors or Purchasers of suchCopies, during the Timestherein to be mentioned; and to repeal an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the*

Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Learning, by velting the Copies ofprinted Books in the AuthorsorPurchafersoffuch

Copies, during the Times therein mentioned; and for the better securing the Payment of the Drawback of the Duties for Paper used in printing Books in the Latin,

Greek,

Supply Bill, ’Lind Tex*

tyrstminster

Bridge.

Supply BiH; Laud Tax.

Qualification of Trustcos lor repairing Hoads.

Whitechapel toWoodford, Sic. Roads.

KeTlow’s

Estate*

io Geo. II. 2q° — 30° Martii. 833

Greek, Oriental, and Northern [.angtiagesi within the Two Universities of Or ford and Cambridge; was committed; be received upon Friday Morning next.

' Ordered, Tint the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bi/I for granting an Aid to his Majesty; by Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1737, wias Committed, be received Tc-morrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clofck.

Mercurii, 30° die;

Anno io* Georgii II" Regis, 1737-

Praters.

THE Lord Simdon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his prefr nt M:i jesty, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge erofs the River Thames, from the Acre Palace-yard, in the City of Wc/hninsler, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Rcfulved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Char lex Turner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a I*and Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 17^7, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had chrerud h;m to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk*sTable; Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Quell inn h verally put thereupon, agreed to by the* House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Longueville, Mr. White, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Ifilkinfun. Sir ff m. Stapleton, Sir Geo. Beaument, Mr. Harley. Mr. Ijcheup, Mr. Osbal-(teflon, Mr. Brawflon, he added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the Qualification of Persons acting as Trustcos for repairing the Roads within that Part of Great Britain called England, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Ashley, Mr. Croffie, Sir John Barnard. Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir Geo. Champion, Mr. Chaffin, Mr. Glanvitle, Mr, Barrel, Mr. Kent, Mr. Jxehmere, Mr. Marshall, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Pleydell, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Smith, Mr. Chomley Turner, Mr. Yates, Mr. Bash-leigh, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for inlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the Stones End at Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Sheffield, and to the furthermoll Part of the Parish of Woodford, leading to the Town of Epping, in the County of Effiex; and fot* repairing the Road leading from the Causeway, in the Parish of Low Layton, through Wanjleady to the End of the Parish of Woodford, next to the Parish of Chig-icell, in the said County of Effiex; and also for repairing the Road from Mile-end to Shoreditch Church, in the said County of Middlesex; is committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas Bennet and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Vo l. 22.

enable the Trustees in the Will of Thomas Kelloro Gentleman, deceased, to fell the Rectory Impropriate of Berwick St. James, in the County of Wilts, for the Payment of his Debts: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Roger Anderson, now a Prisoner in the Prison of the Fleet, who was ordered to be brought to the Bar of this House upon Tuesday last, in order to be examined again touching the Matter of t he Petition of Sir John Glynne Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Flint, in the County of Flint, be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being examined touching the Matter of the said Petition: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants to the Keeper of the said Prison, and to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, accordingly.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this IIoufi», Accounts of the Gross and Net Produce of the several Duties of Customs and Excises, and other Taxes, appropriated to pay the Principal and Interest of the puhliok Debts provided for by Parliament, for Five Years Ialt; dilttiigu idling each Year, and each Duty, and to what Part of the publick. Debts each Duty (lands appropriated.

A Bill for rebuilding the Church of the Parish of St. Olace, in the City of London, ami in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Robert Hacks, Mr. White, Mr. Bevan, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Chamberlayn, Colonel Onjloio, Mr. Tower, Mr. 1 jongueville. Sir James Campbell, Mr. Griffith, Sir Henry Peachy, Mr. Papillon, Sir Geo. Champion, Mr. Gore, Sir Nat. Curzon, Colonel Duckett, Mr. Bradshaw, Sir James Grant, Mr. Shut tlercorth, Mr. Wat. Wins. Wynne, Mr. llungcrford, Mr. Yorke, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Archer, Sir Eras Phillips; Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Mcdlycolt, Mr. Grey, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Pturner, Mr. Specie, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Digby, Mr. Wilkivjon;and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to impower the Justices of the Peace for the County of Bucks to raise Money to discharge the Debts incurred on account of Building a Gaol and Court Rooms, and for finishing the fame, for the Use of the County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Geo. Champion, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wright, Mr. Bathurst, Mr, Gybbon, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Tower, Mr. Gore, Sir Walter Baggott, Sir Win. Stanhope, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Charles Stanhope, Mr. Thomas Gore± Mr. Archer, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Lyttelton, Lord John Sackville, Mr. Bradshaw, Lord Polwarth, Sir Win. Clayton, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Warren, Mr. Cartzvright, Dr. Ixe, Mr. Thomas Tower, Sir Win. Heathcote, Lord Sidney Beaaclerk, Lord Cere Beauclerk, Mr. Winning ton, Mr. Fenton, Mr. Harry Waller, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Foley, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Fox, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Shut-lleworth, Lord Limerick, Mr. Noel, Lord Gage, Mr. Wortley, Mr. Vernon, Sir Thomas Ajion; and all the Members who serve for the County of Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Charles Turner, according, to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the National Debt, the Refoiutious which they haddirested him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in

10 C at

A Witness to be brought from lhe fleet Prison.

Revenues appropriated to publicDebtJ.

St. Olave

&c.

Bucks Gaol, &c

National

Debt.

Motion relating to Taxes.

Punishing ilogues and Vagabonds, &c.

Persons going armed in Disguise.

Insolvent

Debtors.

jo0 — 31* Martii. A. 1737.

at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read; and

is as follower!); viz.

Bejblved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all the publick Funds redeemable by Law, that carry an Interest at£. 4 per Cent, per Annum, be redeemed accortiing to the respective Provisoes, or Clauses of Redemption, contained in the Acts of Parliament for that Purpose, or withConfent of the Proprietors, be converted into an Interest or Annuity, not exceeding Three per Cent, per Annum, not redeemable till after Fourteen Years.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That his Majesty be enabled to borrow, from any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, any Sum or Sums of Money, at an interest not exceeding Three per Cent. to be applied towards redeeming the National Debt.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Secdud time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Fortnight;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes, . So it passed in the Negative.

Then a Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Resolution be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time, was agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Sir John Barnard, Mr. Wortley, and the Master of the Rolis, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That this House will, as soon as the Interest of all the National redeemable Debt shall be reduced to Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, tnke off some of the heavy Taxes which oppress the Poor, and the Manufacturers;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Teller* for the Yeas f ^ord Morpeth,

1 eiiers lor the eas^ Mf Har[ey

Tellers for the Noes Lord Vcrc Beauderk> lellers lor the Noes,i Mr Edgcumbe:

So it passed in the Negative.

142.

200.

The other Orders of the Day being read 5 Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual punishing Rogues and Vagabonds, and for the better Relief of such poor Persons as are therein mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing an Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; and for continuing Two Clauses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or Sea Bank, and to prevent the malicious Cutting of Hop-binds, contained in an Act passed in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors was committed, be taken into Consuleration Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Romovirtg resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Jiolh’s Di& the Bill to enable James Rollo, only Son of Rober t Rollo9 ability by late of Powhouse, deceased, to file, or maintain any Attaindtr* Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said'Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that mayor shall hereafter descend or come to him.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 310 die Martii;

Anno io# Georgii IIdi Regis, 1737.

Prayer?.

MR. Carmichael reported from the Committee, to Clyd whom the Bill to enable the Magistrates and Brwlg* Town Council of the Burgh of Lanark to repair and maintain their Bridge over the River Clyd, at Clydfioltn, in the Shire of Lanark, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Wicbelham Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Tea’s, &c. An Act for naturalizing Godfrey IVichclhaiifcn, John Nat. Francis Nop pc, and John Stephen Majjbn:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. I, L. 8. Leave out "and:"

L. 10. After " Holland," ii\fert cc Thomas " Bra band, Son of Benjamin Braband, by Mary his "Wife, born at Genoa, in Italy; and John Dili man,

" Son of Peter Dillman, by Margaret his Wife, boru " at Dillenbourg, in Germany."

L. 20. Leave out <c and :"

L. 2 1. After " Majfon," iufert " Thomas Bra*

<c band and John Dillman

L. 33. Leave out <c and and, after " Maf~

"Jon," insert " Thomas Braband and John Dillman Pr. 2. L. 19. Leave out "and:"

L. 20. After <c Majfon f insertcc Thomas Bra~

" band and John Dillman

L. 29. Leave out cc and:"

L. 30. After u Majfon f insert<f Thomas Bra~

€t band and John Dillman

In the Title of the Bill, last line, leave out " and, " and at the End of the Title, add, " Thomas Braband <c and John Dillman

The laid Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Crojfe do carry the Bill to the;

Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lordships.

Mr. Peter Bathurf reported from the Committee to Sarum whom the Bill for the better repairing and paving the Streets. Highways, Streets, and Watercourses, within the City of New Sarum; and for enlightening the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, and better regulating the Nightly Watcii, within the said City, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had diroCted him to report to the Hnife; and he read the Report in his Place; uud afterwards delivered the Bill, p*ith tlijg Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where

j 7 the -

oosue

M f*ppli cation or Cooooijr Hates.

Qualification ol J'ruftcea ftr Road*.

Torment

oi i nu.

Maynard’*

Estate.

Infokent

Debtors.

io Geo. II.

310 Mdrtii. — i0

*35

the Amendments were once read throughout; and were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the agreed to by the House.

Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Ordered That the further Confederation of the said House. Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Rill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Tucker, Mr. Medlycat, Mr. Unde say. Sir Wm. Clayton, and Mr. Clayton, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of tba Poor, and great Numbers of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields, the Liberty of Saffron'hill, Hatton-garden, and Fiy-nnls, in the Pamii of St. Andrao Ilolborn, St. Durjtan Stepney, St. Paul Shu dwell, St. Anne in Middlesex, St. Sepulchre's in Middlesex, St. Luke Middlefx, and St. James Clerkemvcll in the County of Middlesex, is referred.

Mr. Roln-rt Hacks reported from the Committee to whom the Bdl for the Qualification of Persons acting as Trustees for repairing the Roads within that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Ph.cc; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fevc-rally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for the more effectual securing the Payment of Rents, and to prevent the Frauds of Tenants, was read a Second time.

ft'Jolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hun-gnjord, Sir Nathanael Curzon. Mr. Be van, Sir Charles .'fordaunt, Mr. Earle, Mr. Holland, Mr. Dodding/on, M,. CluHcrbuck, Sir John Shelley\ Mr. Harley. Mr. Oyhbon, M r. Sandys, Lord Polwarth, Sir Gco.Bcnunwnt, Aii Planter, Mr. Huxley, Mr. OJbaldiJton. Mr. Gore, Sir Robert tang, Mr. Tuner, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Yorke, Mi. Medlyeott, Mr. Lawton, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Robert Hucks, Mr. White, Sir James Grant, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Gland lie. Colonel Duckett, Mr. Oglethor/>e, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Lord Gage, Mr. Poilcn, Mr. Hay, Mr. Harvey, Sir Wm. JoUiffc, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Chr. Powell, Mr. Praed, Sir John Rujhuut, Mr. Laroche, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Mr. PapiUon, Mr. Archer, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. AJjIeek, Sir Wilfred Laicfon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all that come are to have Voices.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Lighthoun and Mr. Thomas B tune I:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the capital Messuage of Gwmersbury, and other Lands and Hereditaments, late the Estate of Sir John Maynard Knight, Serjeant at Law; and for purchasing another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Will: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors was committed, he now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration:

And the same was read:

And several Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, V01.

The IIoure, according to Order, proceeded to the Fliut further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Sir Eledioh. John Glynne Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Flint, in the County of

Flint:

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner examined several Witnesses; and produced Evidence, in order to qualify several Persons whole Votes for the Petitioner appear, upon the original Poll taken at the said Election, to have been disallowed by the Returning Officers.

Then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition be adjourned till Tuejdisy Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read j

Rejblvcd, That this House wiII,upon Monday Morning next, resolve ilself into a Committee of the whole Kogues und House, upon the Bill for the more effectual punishing Vagabouds, Hogues and Vagabonds, and for the better Relief of &c‘ fuel) poor Persons as are therein mentioned.

Resolved, Thsl this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Removing resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, Hollo's l)if-upon the Bill to enable James Hollo, only Son of *bdityby Robert Roth, late of Powhouse, deceased, to sue, or Attam er‘ maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability iu him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or Avail hereafter defeend or come to him.

And the© the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, i° die Aprilis;

Anno lo* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1737.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Maynard^ for Sale of the capital Messuage of Gunneiibury, Estate. and other Lands and Hereditaments, late the Lltate of Sir John Maynard Knight, Serjeant at Law; and for purchasing another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Will; was read the Firli time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second lime.

Mr. Leigh Master presented to the House, according Lion to Order, a Bill, to enable the present and future Pro- Square prietors and Inhabitants of the Houses in Red Lion ImrrovenDcnt* fquurc, in the County of Middlesex, to make a Rate on themselves for railing Money sufficient to inclolc, pave, watch, clean, and adorn the said Square: And the same was received; and read the Firsttimc.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for naturalizing Bartholomew Baratty, was Baratty’j read a. Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Perry, Lord Cornbury, Mr Plumptre, Mr. Cojar,

Mr. PapiUon, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Tucker, Mr. May,

Mr. Leheup, Mr. Lin defay, Mr. Foley, Mr. Houblon,

Mr. Sandys, Sir James Grant, Mr. Shulliezeorth, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. longueville, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Butlerx Brigadier Bowles,

Mr. Evans, Mr. Edwards, Colonel Mordaunt, Sir Henry Gough, Mr. Archer, Mr. Earle, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Cojler, Mr. Alderman I FiHi mot, Mr.

Forefier, Mr Pelham, Mr. Hay: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Magistrates and Town Clyd Council the Burgh of Lanark to repair and maintain En S€*

their

igijizei

836

A. 173

fexcheqtier

Bills.

New Sarum Streets.

St. Catherine Colman Church.

Relief of diltrelled Manueis at Leghorn.

Norton’s

Estate.

their Bridge over the River Clyd, at Clydfiolm, in the Shire of Lanark, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Magistratesand Town Council of the Burgh of Lanark to repair and maintain their Bridge over the River Clyd, at Clydjholm, in the Shire of Lanark.

Ordered, That Mr. Carmichael do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed, that Mr. Cozvderoy, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door;

lie was called in; and, at the Bar presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of all Exchequer Bills {landing out at Christmas 1726; what have been ft nee made out; what have been paid off, and cancelled; in what manner discharged; what has been paid for Interest, and the Charge of Management, and of circulating and paying off the said Exchequer Bills; and what Exchequer Bills are now {landing out. And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account Was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie tiport the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Hoitfe.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for the better repairing and paving the Highways, Streets, and Watercourses, within-the City of New Sarum, and for enlightening the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, and better regulating the Nightly Watch, within the said City, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better repairing and paving the Highways, Streets, and Watercourses* within the City of New Saturn, and for enlightening the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, and better regulating the Nightly Watch, within the said City.

Ordered, That Kir. Peter Bathurji do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deli re their Concurrence.

Mr. Alderman Perry presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church of St. Catherine Coleman, in Fenchurch-street, in the City of London: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Alderman Willimott reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for collecting, at the Port of Leghorn in Italy, small Sums of Money, for Relief of Mariners fliipwrecked, and taken in War, and other his Majesty’s Subjects, and for other pious and charitable Uses, to which the Merchants trading the re have usually contributed, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House , and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed, to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to prevent the Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for Limitation of Actions, and for avoiding Suits in Law being pleaded, infilled on, or taken Advantage of, by any Persons claiming under the last Will of Richard Norton, of Southwick, deceased, against any Claim, Title, or Demand, Thomas Norton Esquire hath to or upon the Manor of Old Alresford, and Lands in Hampshire, settled by Indenture of the Fifth of March 1657, or the Rents and Profits thereof, was read a Second time.

Refobved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Vyner, Sir Thomas Sanderson, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Revell, Mr4.

Brereton, Mr. Turner, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Martin, Mr. Ltnigucville,’ Mr: Braffey, Mr.

Bramjton, Sir Edmund Bacon, Lord Polzvarth, Mr. Puffins, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Archer, Colonel Duckett,

Mr. Cornwallis, Captain Purvis, Mr. Conolly, Mr.

Treby9 Mr Huxley, Mr. Lehcup, Mr. Bijfy, Mr. Hacks,

Mr. Laroche, Mr. Cro/Je, Mr. Kent, Mr. Pyles, Mr*

JTolla/lon, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Winning ton, Mr. Gybbon,

Mr. Plumer, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Shelly, Mr. Hay,

Colonel Bladen, General Wade, Mr. Townshend, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Earley Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Thomas, Gore, Mr.

P[umpire, Kir. Waller, Mr. Fazdkerley, Mr. Guido It,

Mr.'Papillon; and all the Members wlioferve for the County of Southampton; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the . Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

A Bill fotthembre effectual preventing the unlawful Playing of Interludes "within the Precincts of the Uni- of Unimfity versity of Cambridge, and the Places adjacent; and ofcambm* for explaining and amending so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of spirituous Liquors, and for libenfing the Retailers thereof, as may affect the Privilege of the University of Cambridge with respect to licensing Taverns, and all other publick Houses, within the Precincts of the same; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House Will, ujioh this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of Joseph Kettle Esquire (alleging, That he will be restrained, by the said Bill, from making use of a Play house erected by him in the Precincts of the Town of Cambridge, for acting Plays and Interludes during the time of Slur bridge Fair; and praying to be heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill) being offered to be presented to the House; ’

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the said Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen and Inhabitants of the Town and County of Cambridge, and the Owners of Estates in Sturbridge Fair, whose Names are thereunder written; recommending the Entertainment of Plays and Interludes acted during the time of Star-bridge Fair; and praying to be heard, by their Coun-fel, against the said Bill; being offered to be presented to the House;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

The Lord Conibury reported, according to Order, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Encouragement of Learning, by the more effectual securing the Copies of printed Books to the Authors or Purchasers of such Copies, during the Times therein to be mentioned; and to repeal an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her lute Majesty Queen* Anne, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Learning, by veiling the Copies of printed Books in the Authors or Purchasers of such Copies, during the Times therein mentioned; and for the better securing t,hc Payment of the Drawback of the Duties for Paper used in printing Books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental, and Northern Languages, within the Two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge; was committed; the Amendments which j the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he

read

Cnpy-r'

of printed

Rooks.

837

ffiftyyli — Itn of (mnty Bun.

It eclating KleCUuOJ.

Ways and Alcana.

Supply.

Periods

going *nurd in duguiU*.

InsolvcDt

Debtors.

Rf-moving Roll#*'* Disability by Attainder.

i o Geo. II. i° — 4° Aprilis.

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, ooe by one; and, upon the Question federally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rclt were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the I louse.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the BHI.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Petition of th* Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and great Numbers of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields, the Liberty of Saffron-hill. Hat-ton-garden, and Flyrents, in the Parish of St. Andrew Ho* born, St. I human Stepney, St. Paul ShadtreU, St. Anne in Middle sex, St. Scpulchi'e's in Middle fax, St. Luke Middle sex, and St. James Clerkcmdl, in the County of Middle fir, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on bd an* of thnrselves, and the rest of the Parishes of the said County, is referred, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

The other r>rdirs of the Day being read;

lless vect, That this House will upon tt ednesday next, otTwe. of tl;e ( ork. n solve itself into a Committee of the wuole House, to confidi r luither oi the hill for the further Regulating of Klcftioi s of Members to serve in Purliamc »t for Cities, Boroughs, Towns, and Ports in that Part of Great Br'uain called England.

Jit faked, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, rcJoi.e !t>l! into a Committee of the whole llouic, to com r flirt.at of Ways and Means lor railing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Rejbkcd\ That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight resolve itfi if into a Committee o! the w hole House, to contider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Re faired. That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, rcidlve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon die Bill for continuing an Act for die more effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed Persons going armed in Difguile, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Pertbns and Properties of his Majesty *s Subjects, and for the more I'peedy bringing die Offenders to Justice; and for continuing Two Clauses, to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or Sea Bank, and to prevent the malicious Cutting of Hop-binds, eont iined in an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign.

Ordered, That die further Consideration of the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for Relief of insolvent De btors was committed, be farther adjourned till Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

ftcfolved\ That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itieif into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable James Iloilo, only Son of Robert Hollo, late of Powhouse, deceased, to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him.

And tiien the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of die Clock.

Vpt. 22.

Luncey 40 die Aprilis;

Anno io* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1737.

Prayers.

MR. Kirkpatrick reported from die Committee to Dumfries whom the Bill for continuing an Act, passed in Townim-die Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Provement* George the First, for laying a Duty of Tw o Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or Ibid.within die Town of Dumfries, and Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and for building a Church, and making a Harbour diere; and for laying a Duty on the Tonage of Shipping; and a Duty on (roods imported and exported into and out of the said Town, for the better Repairing of the said Harbour; was commuted; That die Comniiltee had examined the Allegation^ of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and lmd gone through die Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Fable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question t

severally put diercupon, agreed to by the House.

And an Amendment was made by die House to the Bill.,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hesketh’j to enable the Trustees and Testamentary Guardians named kftate. in the Will of Thomas Hesketh, late of Jlujford, in the County of Lancaster, Esquire, deceased, to peifonn the fame; and make Leases foi Lives in his settled Estate, for paying his Debts during his Son’s Minority, in Ease of an Efwte devised by him to be sold; w as read a Second time.

Re faired. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Bold\ Mr. Lister, Mr. Hay, Sir Nathanael Curzott, Mr. Legh Master, Mr. AJJleck, Dr. Butler, Mr.

Rozcncy, Sir Francis Child, Mr Archer, Sir Francis Boynton, Sir Robot Kong, Mr. Yoke, Sit James Campbell, Mr. Plainer, Mr. rates, Mr. Hailey, Lord Com-bury, Mr. Sandys, Lord Noel Somcrfat, Colonel Onslow,

Mr. Pigott, Colonel Ducket, Mr. Tucker, Lord Limerick, Mr. Coster, Mr. Bcvan, Sir 1 homas Aston, Sir Cordell Firebrace, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Hunger ford. Mr.

Packer, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Medli-cott, Mr. Corbett, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Watts,

Air. Biffe, Sir James Grant, Mr. Smith, Mr. Wat. Wins.

Wynne, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Treby, Mr. Owen, Sir Jer. Dovers, Mr. Uybbon; and all the Alembers w ho serve for the Counties of Lan-castei'and Chester: And they are to meet this Atternoou, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Bradshaigh, Mr. Laroche, Sir John Dunstable, Heathcote, Colonel Duckett, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Brereton, &c* l*oad# Mr. Hucks, Mr. Henley, Mr. White, Mr. Osbaldeston,

Sir Wm. Heathcote, Mr. Hampden, Sir James Campbell,

Air. Huxley, Colonel Ingram, Sir Geo. Wynne, Air.

Lloyd, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Alajeliy King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Blade Bull Inn, in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shafford House, in the County of Hertford; and for preventing the Driving 01 Cattle through private Grounds and Patfages, to avoid the Payment of the Toll charged upon Cattle by an Act of the First Year of his late Majesty, and the Eighth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from South Mimms to St. Mans, in the said County of Hei tford, is committed.

10 D Orderedh

S3S 4° Apr His. " ’ 1737.

Ordered, That Colonel Bladen, and Mr. Hooper, be Ordered, That Mr> Lloyd, Colonel Morgan, Mr. Hoi- Cook’d

added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the more tor/, Mr. Maister,. Mr. Toumjhend, Mr. Selwyn, and Eftale*

effectual securing the Payment of Rents, and to prevent Mr. itoe, be added to the Committee to whom the in the Frauds of Tenants, is committed. grossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale

of a certain Leasehold Estate of Thomas Cook Esquire, in Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the County of Gloucester; and for settling some Freehold indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify them- and Copyhold Estates of Inheritance, of greater Value, selves for Offices, or to take the Oaths required, within to the same Uies, in lieu thereof; is committed, the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for those Purposes: And that Mr. Gybbon and Mr. An ingrossed Bill for the Qualification of Persons acting Richard Plamer do prepare, and bring in, the fame. as Trustees for repairing the Highways and Roads withip for

that Part of Great Britain called England; for inlafging Westminster A Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Number of Trustees, and giving them Power (tg in-iiriuge. the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in- spect and take Copies of Books and Accounts relating to tituled, An Act; for building a Bridge cross the River such Highways and Roads; was read the Third time.

Thames, from the New Palace-yard in the City of West- An Amendment was proposed to be made in the Bill,

minster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry, Press 2. Line 10. After Persons," to insert 44 is

was read a Second time. 44 and:"

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.* ' And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee agreed to by the House, of the whole House. And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Fortnight Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon be, An Act for tire Qualification of Persons acting as the said Bill. Trustees for repairing the Highways and Roads within

that Part of Great Britain called England; for inlarging Copy-right' An ingrossed Bill for the better Encouragement of the Number of Trustees and giving them Power to in-°fp*2llted Learning, by the more effectual securing the Copies of spect and take, Copies of Books and Accounts relating to ks printed Books to the Authors or Purchasers of such Copies, such Highways and Roads.

during the Times therein to be mentioned; and to repeal Ordered, That Mr. Robert Hacks do carry the Bill to an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Learning, by veiling the Copies of printed The House, according to Order, resumed the further Infobent Books in the Authors or Purchasers of such Copies, during Consideration of the Report from the Committee to r)cbtors*

the Times therein mentioned; and for the better securing whom tli/e Bill for the Relief of infplvent Debtors was

the Payment of the Drawback of the Duties for Paper committed:

used in printing Books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental, And the rest of the Amendments, made by the Com-, and Northern Languages, within the Two Universities of mittee, >to the said Bill, being severally read a Second 1 Oxford and Cambridge; was read the Third time. time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

A Motion was made, apd the Question being put, except One of them, which was disagreed to, with Amend-

f That the Bill do pass; ments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

The House divided. A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That

The Yeas went forth. no Bankrupt, who hath not already obtained a Certificate

Tellers for the Yeas John Hind Cot1071, \ and Discharge of his Debts, shall receive any Benefit

0 ’ (Mr.Lyttelton: ' under the Act:

T , fnr tho MrtPc fSir IVilfrid Lawson, 1 And the said . Clause was twice read; and, upon the

£i\lr. Plibnptre: ‘ y Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the made Part of the Bill.

Title be, An Act for the Encouragement of Learning, by Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said the more effectual securing the lole Right of printing Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Books to the Authors thereof, their Executors, Admini-

strators, or Assigns, during the Times therein mentioned; The other Orders of the Day being read;

and to repeal an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Resolved, That this House will, upon IFednesday Pumshing

Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole yXonlL.

for the Encouragement of Learning, by vesting the Copies House, upon the Bill for the more effectual punishing &c.

of printed Books in the Authors or Purchasers of such Rogues and Vagabonds, and for the better Relief of

Copies, during the Times therein mentioned; and for the such poor Persons as are therein mentioned.

better securing the Payment of the Drawback of the Duties for Paper used in printing Books in the Latin, Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Persons

Greek, Oriental, and Northern Languages, within the Two Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the armed Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, so far as the said whole House, upon the Bill for continuing an Act for the 1,1 dl gu Drawback relates to Paper made in Great Britain. more effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed Persons

Ordered, That the Lord Cornbury do carry the Bill to going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s

Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders A Wit nets Ordered\ That Roger Anderson, now a Prisoner in the to Justicej and for continuing Two Clauses, to prevent

to be brought prison of the Fleet, who was ordered to be brought to the the cutting or breaking down the Bank, of any River, or

FbTt Prison ®ar ^0u^e upon Thursday last, in order to(be Sea-bank, and to prevent the malicious Cutting of Hop-

ei nson. exaiI^neci again touching the Matter of the Petition of binds, contained in an Act passed in the Sixth Year of his Sir John Glynne Baronet, complaining of an undue Elec-; 1. Majesty *s Reign, tion and Return for the Borough of Flint, in the County of Flint, be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Resolved\ That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Removing

Morning, in order to his being examined touching the ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

' Matter ot* the said Petition: And that Mr. Speaker do House, upon the Bill to enable James Rollo, only Son of Alltainder.

issue his Warrants to the Keeper of the said Prison, and Robert Rollo, late of Pozo/ioufe, decedfed, to sue, ormain-to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, accord- tain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; ingiy. and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said

16 - Attainder,

Payment of Rents.

Offices and Eftipkjy incuts.

Ihrrey

Name.

TUrf f.y«n Sjtiare Im-pioteoicnL

Kodon

Navigation.

St. Catherine C olemin Church*

io Geo. II. 4° — 50

Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to hitn.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock*

Mart is i 50 die;

Anno io* Georgii II41 Regis, 1737.

Pr A YERS.

MR. Compton reported from the Committee to whom the Hill to enable John Harvey Esquire, now called John! hursby, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Thursby, in Purfuunce of the Will of H iUiam Thursby Esquire, dtccafed, w as committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Hill, and found the finne to be true; and had directed him to report the Bill to the ILmfe, without any Amendment; And he delivered the hill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

A Bill to enable the present and future Inhabitants of the lloufcs in lied Lyon Square, in the County of MiddUfrx, to make a Rate on themselves, for raising Money sufficient toinclole, pave, watch, dean, and adorn, the said Square, was read a Second time.

liefolved, Thai the Bill be committed to Mr. Legh Master, Mr. Gyldton, Mr. Crtrxlcy, l*ord Gage, Mr. (\efar, Sir. A-/7 Pennington, Mr. Treby, Mr. I lunger ford, Mr. Alderman If illhnott, Mr. Piers, Sir Janus Campbell9 Mr. IIo!den, Mr. IS rams ton, Mr. Turner, Mr. Longuexdle, Mr. May, Mr. Hales, Mr. Jbercrombie, Sir James Hamilton, Sir Rowland Alston, Mr. 1 lucks, Sir Jcr. Sambroke, Mr. Martin, Mr. Harley, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Glanville, Sir Thomas Halts, Mr JCulker, Sir James Grant, Mr. Smith, Mr. Sand as, Mr. Hold, Mr. Shuttle* nrth, Mr. Lister, Sir Francis Child, Sir Charles Banbury, Mr. Life, Mr. Gregory, Sir Robert Grqfvcnor, Mr. Archer, Sir Robert Long, Sir Gu If pane, Mr. Earle, Sir Nathanael Curzon; and all the Members who serve for tin County of Middlesex: And tin y are to meet this Afternoon, at Pive of be Clock, in the Speaker*? Chamber.

Air. Bramston reported from the Committee to w’hom the Bill for making navigable the River Rodon, from a little below a Mill, called Parking Mill, in the County of Kfjc.v, to Jljord Bridge, in the said County, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the lloufe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read; and several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, except some of them, which were dilagrecd to, with an Amendment of one of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church of St. Catherine Coleman, in Fen church -street, in the City of London, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Huxley, Lord Polwarth, Mr. Whitxcorth, Mr. Bradjhcrx, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Bevan, Mr, Robert Hitch, Sir James Grant, Mr. Treby, Mr. Par fans, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Balle, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Yorkc, Mr. Archer, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Foley, Mr. Longucvilte, Mr. Lockwood, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Ilanbury IFilliams, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Yates, Mr. Legh 3 last ft', Mr. Mostyn, Mr. Leheup,

V o l. 22.

Aprilis. ,839

Mr. Lloyd, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Affleck, Sir Hum.

Monoux, Mr. Late ton, Mr. Cholmo tide ley, Colonel Onjlm,

Sir JVm. Clayton, Mr. Crosse, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir John Kay, Dr. Butler, Mr. Smith, Mr. Andrews, Mr.

IF/iite, Sir John Shelley, Mr. I Caller, Mr. Houblon,

Mr. Compton, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. May \ and all the Members who serve for the County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. \

Colonel Onslow presented to the House, according Surry,&c. Order, a Bill for explaining and amending, and making Road*, more clFeftual, several Acts of Parliament, made in th

Fourth, Sixth, and Tenth Years, of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, respectively, for repairing and amending the several Roads, therein mentioned, in the Counties of Surry, Kent, and Sttssex: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing an Act, passed in the Dumfries Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George Town the First, for laying a Duty of Tw o Penies Scots, or One- ProvemeQt* sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold w ithin the Tow n of Dumfries, and Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and for building a Church, and making a Harbour there; and for laying a Duty on the Tonage of Shipping, and a Duty on Goods imported and exported into and out of the said Tow n; for the better Repairing of the said Harbour; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Titld be, An Act for continuing an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the F»rft, for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or Ohe-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, on even’ Pint of Ale or Petr that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dumfries, and Privileges thereof, for paying the Debfs of the said Town, and for building a Church, and making a Harbour there; and for laying a Duty on the Tonage of Shipping, and a Duty on Goods imported and exported into and out of the Port of the said Town, for the better Repairing of the said Harbour.

Ordered, That Mr. Kiripatrick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Castlerifing Clerk of the Crow n, to make out a new Writ for electing Writ, a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Castlerifing, in the County of Norfolk, in the room of Thomas Haunter Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the Insolvent further Consideration of the Report from the Committee I)ebtur8* to whom the Bill for Relief of insolvent Debtors was committed, be now* read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the further Consideration of the said Report.

And several other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the Pjint further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Sir John Election. > Glynne Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Flint, in the County of Flint.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

Ami the Counsel for the Petitioner examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to add to the Poll of the Petitioner several Persons who offered to vote for him at the said Election, and were refused by the Returning Officers:

And having proposed to add to the said Poll Matthias Rogers, by proving, That his Landlord paid Scotland

Lot

i '!

5° — 6° Aprilis. A. 1737.

t for the Tenement in which the said Matthias Rogers inhabited;

They acquainted the House, That they intended to offer the like Proof as to the other Persons.

And the Counsel on both Sides being directed to withdraw;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Inhabitants of the several Boroughs of Flint, Rhydland, Caentys, Cacrgurlcy, and Overton, including ICnolton and Overton Foreign, renting Lands or Tenements, for which the Landlords thereof only pay Scotland Lot, have a Right to vote in the Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Flint, in the County of Flint.

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {JfcggS* }»5.

Tellers (bribe Noes, M }

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Counsel on both Sides w ere again called in.

And the Counsel fcjr the Petitioner, being directed by Mr. Speaker to proceed in their Evidence, examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to add to the Poll of the Petitioner the said Matthias Rogers, and several other Persons, who offered to vote for the Petitioner at the said Election, but were refused by the Jleturning Officers.

Then the Counsel on both Sides were directed tp withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition be adjourned till To-uiorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Roger Anderson, now a Prisoner in the Jhfifctf of the Fleet, who was ordered to be brought to the Bar of this House this Day, in order to be examined again touching the Matter of the said Petition, be brought to the Rar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being examined touching the Matter of the said Petition: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants to the Keeper of the said Prison, and to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, accordingly.

Pluniptre, Mr. Bi/Je, Sir Jof. Eyles, Mr. Griffith, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. [Father, Mr. Stert, Mr. Pollen, Sir JVm. Heath cot c, Mr, Sandys, Mr. JVilkinson, Mr. Affieck, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hanbiuy Williams, Lord Harry Rowlett, Lord Polwarth; and all the Members who serve for the County of Fffex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of a certain Leasehold Estate of Thomas Cook Esquire, in the County of Gloucester; and for settling feme Freehold and Copyhold Estates of Inheritance, of greater Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as follows; viz.

Press 3. Line 35. After " unexpired," insert " with " a Proviso, impowering the said Trustees, and the " Survivor of them, and his Executors, Administrators, " and Assigns, by the Direction of the said Thomas " Cook, to convey and assure all or any Part of the " laid Premises unto, or in Trust for, llich Woman as r( he should marry, for so many Years of the said Term " as such Woman should happen to live, for and as a " Jointure."

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, w>as, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Commissioners jf the Customs do lay before this House a Copy of the Report made by them to the Treasury, upon the Petitions of the Fishermen, or Dredgers, of the several Oyster Fisheries, within and along the Coasts of the County of Kent, for themselves, and on behalf of the Fishermen belonging to several Oyster Fisheries in the Counties of Essex, Suffer, and Southampton.

Cook*'#

Elute,

Oyster

FishetitL

The other Order of the Day being read;

Removing Resolveed, That this House w ill, upon Thuifday Morning Folio's next, refelve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Atuinder Bill to enable James Rollo, only Son of Robert m er* jKollo, late of Powhouse, deceased, to fee, or maintain

any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Elifcte that may or thaii. hereafter defeend or come to him.

' And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 6° die Aprilis;

Anno 10° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1737.

PliAYERS.

Colchcfar A BIL L for the better cleaning, paving, repairing, and Streets. enlightening, the Streets and Lanes in the Town of

Colchester, in the County of Esse.r; and for appointing a regular Watch within the said Town; was read a Second time.

Rcfohed, That the Bill be committed to Captain Martin, Mr. Houblon, Sir Robert Abdy, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Bramston, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Parsons, Mr Turner, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Price, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Abraham Elton, Mr. MarshaH, Sir James CampbeU, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Tucker, - Mr. Fire, Sir Jof Pennington, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act KelWa to enable the Trustees in the Will of Thomas Kellow Estate* Gentleman, deceased, to fell the Rectory impropriate of Berwick St. James, in the County of Wilts, for the Payment of his Debts, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An ACtfor Maynard) Sale of the capital Messuage of Gunncrsbmy, and other Estate' Lands and Hereditaments, late the Estate of Sir John Maynard Knight, Serjeant at Law; and for purchasing another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Will; was read a Second time

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Bristow, Mr Laroche, Mr. Pollen, Mr Hay, Mr. Hooper,

Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Longueville. Mr. Pigott, Mr.

PolhiU, Sir James Grant, Mr. Wollaston, Mr. Fane, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Mr. Henley, Colonel Duckett, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Osbaldiston, Dr. Butler, Mr.

Harvey, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Thomas Hides, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Chamberlayn,

Mr. Harris, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Foley, Mr. Tucker; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlefe.v, Bucks,

Lincoln, and Noifolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Mr. Alderman Perry reported from the Committee to Baratiy’* whom the Bill for naturalizing Bartholomew Baratty was Nat! committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without

Rodoii

viguticu;

lcks Gaol, &c.

H*rvey’a

Name.

Duties on Coals.

Worsley 17 rook.

io Geo. it.

out any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, For resuming the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making navigable the River Rddon, from a little below a Mill, called Barking Mill% in the County of Essex, to Ilford Bridge, in the said County, was committed, he now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly

The House resumed the further Consideration of the said Report:

And the rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being read aSecond time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Wm. Stanhope reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to impower the Justices of the Peace for the County of Bucks to raise Money to discharge the Debts incurred on account of building a Gaol and Court Rooms, and for finishing the fame, for the Use of the County, was committed. That the Commitiee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill to enable John Harvey Esquire, now called John Thurjby, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Thurjby, in pursuance of the Will of William ThurJtnj Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable John Harvey Esquire, now called John Thurjby, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Thurjby, in nurfuance of the Will of William Thurjby Esquire, deceaibJ.

Ordered, That Mr. Compton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed, that Mr. Parsons, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Grols and Net Produce of Lthe Duties upon Coal*, for* Seven Years, ending at Chri/bnas last; dist each Duty, and each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Shutlleworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making navigable the River or Brook called Worjley Brook, from Worjley Mill, in the Town-' ship of Worjley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; to the River Irzvett, in the said County, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. 22.

Mr, Gybbon presented to the House, according to Offices and Order, a Bill for indemnifying Persons who have omitted Emri«y«ents. to qualify themselves for Offices, or to take the Oaths required, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for those Purposes: And the same was received; and read the Firit time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for thfe better Relief and Employment of the Poor Relief, Poor, was read a Second time. &c*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole Hoxife.

Resolved, That this House wil!,ilp6n Tuesday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Hohfe being informed; that Mr. Oxenford, froth Woollen#

the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the catted *# Door} Sweden, 4c;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order; an Account of the Quantity of Woollen, and other Manutaftures; whiph have been exported from England to Sweden and Russia, for Seven Years last past; diilinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bourtd up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House, according to Order, proceeded tb the iflint further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Sir John Glymie Baronet, complaining of ah undue Election and Return for the Borough of Flint, in the County of Flint.

Anri the Counsel on both Sides were called in t

And the Counsel for the Petitioner examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order todifqualify several Persons, who voted for the Sitting Menffieh

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition be adjourned till Tuesday Sevendiglit.

The other Orders of the Day bbing read;.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fbrt- Reguiafing night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Kltdioni. House, to consider further of the Bill for the further Regulating of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities, Boroughs, Towns, and Ports, id that Part of Great Britain called England.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven- Puniffiittg night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Rogues and House, upon the Bill for the more effectual punishing Vagabonds, Rogues and Vagabonds; and for the better Relief of c* such poor Persons as are therein mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven- Porfons night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole armed House, upon the Bill for continuing an Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects; and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Juliice; and for continuing Two Clauses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or Sea Bauk; and to prevent the malicious Cutting of Hop-binds; contained in an Act passed in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

10 E

; 1 i.'S

842

A. (737.

Jovts, 7® dfc Aprilis \

Anno io* Georgii II41 Regis, 1737*

Prayers.

Uodoit A N ingrossed Bill for making navigable the River Kavi^action. j[\ Rodon, from a little below a Mill called Barking Mill, in the County of Effexj to Ilford Bridge, in the said County, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title fee,* An Act for making navigable the River Rodon, from a little below a Mill called Barking Mill, in the County of Effek, (0 Ilford Bridge, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mv. Bramston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir George Cufic&ll presented to the House, according ^termcn, to Ord^r, a Bill for regulating the Company of Water-men. Wherry men, and Lightermen, rowing on the between Gravefind, in the County of Kent, and IVindfar, in the County of Berks, it\ regard to their taking Apprentices: And the same was received; and 'rdad the Firsttime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second timej

Cook’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled. Art Act

E&ue. for Sale of a certain Leasehold Estate of Thomas Cook Esquire, in the County of Gloucester\ and for settling Tome Freehold and Copyhold Estates.of Inheritance, of greater Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof; was read the Third time.

' Rejoiced, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do */"' ' pass:

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with One Amendment: To which Amendment iiiis House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

.1 .

St Andrew Srr Frahcis Child reported from the Committee, to

whoth the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the W'iLnf&c* Pari (lies of St. Andrew llolborn above the Bars, St. George the Martyr, and the Liberty of Saffron-hill Hatlon-garden, and Ely-rents, within the said Pariiliofx St. Andrew llolborn, in the County of Middlesex, was referred, That the Committ.ee had examined the.Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards cle-.. live red it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same vVas read;/and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition: And, in order to prove the Allegations, relating to tile Liberty of Saint George the Martyr,

Ilemij Hammond, Edward Bates, and George Mar-shall Churchwarden, all of the said Liberty, were called: Who, being severally examined, laid, i hat though there was a pretty good Watch kept in the said Liberty; and the Assessments made upon the Inhabitants, for defraying the Expence of the fame, were generally paid pretty chearfully; yet that Robberies were every now and then’committed; and sometimes there was Difficulty iu railing the Money, from the Rcfnfal of fomeo 1 Persons to pay the same; in which case they'knew1 of no compulsory Law to enforce the Payment thereof. , The Committee then proceeded to inquire into then Tridh of the Allegations relating to the Liberty of 't-Stoffron-kill, Hatton-garden, and Ely-rents: for.

which Purpose,

John Codingivood, Robert Glyn, and Dauby Pickering, all of the said Liberty, were called: Who, being feve-7 rally examined, said, That there was- a great Deleft of Watch in the said Liberty; and, that, for want of the; fame. Robberies, and other Outrages, had been very frequent, especially of late Years; nor was it to any . Pttrpoie to make Rates upon the Inhabitants, many of tliern absolutely refuting to pay the same, from a Deleft 22

of Power, as they apprehended, in the Laws now in being to inforce the Payment of the said Rates, though made for so necessary a Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the Parish of St. Andrew llolborn above the Bars, and Liberty of Saffron-hill, Hatlon-garden, and Ely-rents. in the County of Middlesex: And that Sir Francis Child, Mr. Alderman Wiliimott, and Mr. Put-teney, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for tak:ng into Bucks Gaol Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom Nellie Bill to impowei* the Justices of the Peace for the County of Bucks to raile Money to discharge the Debts incurred on account of building a Gaol and Court Rooms, and for fimlliing the fame, for the Lie of the County, was committed, be now read:

And the said Order being, read according1 y;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to ithe said Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second tinhcy one by one; and, upon the Question fevetally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.'?

A Petition of the Rulers and Assistants of the Com- Westminster pany of Watermen and Lightermen, in behalf of them- Bridge, (elves, and the rest of the said Company, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That in case the Bill, now depending in this House, forerefting a Bridge cross the River Thames, should pass into a Law, it will greatly prejudice the Members of the said Company, by lessening, if not totally destroying, several Ferries between Faux Hall and Hungerford Stairs, which, by an Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years oft he Reign of King William, they have a Power to work on Sundays T and produce a very considerable Sum yearly, which is applied towards the Maintenance of poor, decayed, and aged W'atermen and Lightermen, their Widows and Children: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that they may have such Relief therein as to the House shall feern meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign, of his present Majesty intituled, An Act for building a Bridge ciofs the River Thames, from the New Palace yard, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surry, is committed.

Ordered, Til at the Order of the Day, for taking into Worsley Con ((deration t he Report from the Committee, to whom Brook, the Bill for making navigable the River or Brook called Worjley Brook, from Worjley Mill, in the Town ship of Worjley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the River Irwell, in the said County, was committed, be now rend:;:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

- The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration:

And. th6{ Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, Were once read throughout;, and then t a Second time, one by one; and, upon the tiueliiou severally put? thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for collecting, at the Port of Leghorn ReTief of in Italy, small Sums of Money, for Relict of Mariners Dirtn-M ihipvvrecked and taken in War, and o!her his Majesty’s Manners* Subjects, apei (hr other piohS and charitable Uses, to ®rn which the Merchants trading the re have usually contributed, was read the Third time*

Rtfblved,

U

io Geo. II. 7° — *4

Resolved, That the Kill do pals: And that the Title lie. An Act for collecting, at the Port of Leghorn, certain small Sums of Money, to which the Merchants trailing the re have uftially contributed, for the Relief of ihipwrceked Mariners, Cnptncs, and other dist relied Persons, his Majtliy's Subjects, and for other charitable and public Uses.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman IVillimot do carry the Bill to tiler Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Call of the Ordnrd, That the House be called over upon this iioufe. Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That fuel) Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in CulioJy of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Kemonng A Bill to enable George Scion, of Barnes, to file, or maintain any Action or Suit, uotw ithfiumling his At-

Atutnder. tainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by renfon of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter de-feend or coinc to him; wsu» read a Second time.

ReJblced y '1 hat the Bill he committed.

jRc/ulirdy Thai Ihe Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

l\e/blvedt That this House will, upon this Day Sc-Trnnight, rr Solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Mortage from the Lords, by Mr. Thu rtf on and Mr. Edieards;

Mr. Speaker,

Trrnrli'i The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act to Utaur. vest j||L. Imitate of Frederick Trench Eiquirr, in the Counties of Well Mtish and Meath, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to raile Money for the Payment of Debts; and, after Discharging of the f.nd Debts, to the ITe of the said Frederick 'French, and his 11 eirs; and for rcfettling otlu r Lands, therein mentioned, to the Lies of his Marriage Settlement. And also,

Pm’* Pilate. The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor and capital Mefftrige of Swallow-Jieldy late the Kftute of Thomas Pin I squire, decealld; and for purchasing another Eft ate, to be settled to the Vies of Ids Will. And also,

XfuSirutn The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

btrccia. for the jitter repairing ai d paving the Highways,

Streets, and WatercourlV-s, within the City of Xetv Saram; ami for enlightening the Streets Lancs, and Paffiiges, and better regulating the Nightly Watch, within the said City; without any Amendment. And also,

CJ^-d Bridge The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh of l.anark, to repair and maintain their Bridge over the River Chjdy at Cli/djholm, in the Shire of Lanark; without any Amendment. And also,

Cook*s The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made Hal*. by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of a certain [.eafehold Litate of Thomas Cook Esquire, in the County of Gluuajler\ and for settling some Freehold and Copyhold Eliates of Inheritance, of greater Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Pits* Estate. An ingrossed Bill from the Ix)rds, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor and capital Messuage of Szvallow-yfieldy late the Estate of Thomas Pill Esquire, deceased; and for purchasing another Estate, to \je settled to the Uses of his Will; was read the Firit time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Trrnch’s An.iogrofled Bill from the Lords* intituled, An Act

Kftute. to veil the Estate of Frederick Trench Esquire, in the Counties of Weji Meath and Meath, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trusteef, to raise Money for the Payment of Debts and, after discharging the said Debts,

to the Use of the said Frederick Trench, and his Heirs;

V o L. 22.

1 Aprilis. 843

dnd for refettling other Lands, therein mentioned, to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement.: was read the First time. a , .

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Removing House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole b^'* House, upon the Bill to enable James RqUo, only Son Attainder, of Robert Rollo, late of Pozvhoiife^ deceased, to sue; or maintain any A&ibn or Suit, notwithstanding his At* tainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Ellate that may or shall hereafterde-feend or come to him; '

Ordered, That the Petition of James Rollo, only Son of Robert Rollo, late of Powhonje, deceased, pra-fented to tins House the Seventh Day of March last; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir James Campbell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir James Campbell reported from the Committee,

That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; x which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon this Day Seven night.

And then the House adjourned till this Day Sevennight, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 140 die Aprilis;

Anno io* Georgii IP* Regis, 1737. i Prayers.

MR. Shuttlczcorth reported from the Committee, to IMketH’s whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords,' inti- Eftaie. tilled, An Act to enable the Trustees and Testamentary Guardians named in the Will of Thomas Ife/keth, . late of 7htfjordt in the County of Lancaster, Esquire, deceased, to perform the fame; and make Leases for Lives in his settled Estate, for paying his Debts during his Son's Minority, in Ease of an Estate detfi fed by him to be sold; was committed; That the Committee.

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, apd found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The House being informed, that Mr. Seartt, from the Post Office, attended at the Door;

He was called in ;. and, at the Bar, prefen ted to the Poll oifiefe House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of that Re*,enu® A Part of the Revenue of the Port Office which is Hpm ^bl?c propriated to pay the Principal and Interest of the Debts, public Debts provided for by Parliament, for Five Years last.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.'

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon thd Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed; that Mr. Cdrkefft, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the

Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar* presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, a Copy of the Report mode, by the Commissioners of the Cnftdmry, t<i tile Lords Commissioners of the Treasury> upon theiPetit&ins of the

Fishermen

44

140 Api

A. 1737-

Duties on Hcmfes*

Htwfctfs and

Pedlars

Licences.

Fiffiertfl&n t>t Dredgers of the fev^ral Oyster Fisheries Within and along the Coasts of the County of Kent, for themselves^and on behalf of the Fiffiermen belonging to the several Oyster Fisheries in the Counties of Effix, Suffix, and Southampton.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Tlib said Copy is bound up with the other Papers of this Sefikm.

The House being informed, that Mr. Coivdery, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Produce of the Duties upon Houses, for Seven Years, ending at Christmas last; distinguishingeach Duty, and each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that some of the Com-tnilTioners for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars attended at the Door:

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of tlifc Gross and Net Produce of the Duty arising by licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, for Five Years last pail, distinguishing each Year.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

St. Ctthe- Offered, That Mr. Serjeant Skinner, Mr. Pollen, Mr. rineColeman Laroche, Mr Hooper, and M r. HumeCampbell, be added Church, to the Committee, to whom the Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church of St. Catherine Coleman, in Fendutrcii-street, in the City of London, is committed.

Office* and A Bill for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to Sapioytneat*. qualify themselves for Offices, or to take the Oaths required, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for those Purposes; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee " of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Woollens Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Wool-ten and other Manufactures, which have been exported Sweden, ^om England to Sweden and Bujfia, for Seven Years last past, distinguishing each Year, presented to the House the Sixth Day of this instant April, be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Ironmongers of this Kingdom, in behalf of themselves, and many others trading to his Majesty’s Plantations in America, is referred.

Removing The Lord Gage presented to the House, according to

Langdafe’s Order, a Bill to enable Jordan Langdale, of Cliff, in the Dii’abifity by County of York, to file, or maintain any A6fcion or Suit, Outlawry, notwithstanding his Outlawry; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Outlawry, to take or * inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter defcqnd or come to him; And the same was received; and read the First time.

Rejbltefe That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir John tiealheote, Mr. Earle, and Mr. Phillipfoyi, be added to the Com mil tee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A6i for Sale of the capital Messuage of Gurinerfbury, and other Lands and Hereditaments, late the Estate of Sir John Maynard Knight, Serjeant at Law; and for purchasing another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Will; is committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor and capital Messuage of Swcdhzc-field, late the Estate of Thomas Pitt Esquire, clecealed; and for purchasing another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Will; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sandys, Lord Limerick, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Wm. Pitt, Mr. Longue-ville, Mr. Bristow, Lord Gage, Mr. Dig by, Sir James Campbell, Sir Jaynes Grant, Mr. P timer, Mr. Lech mere, Mr. Coster, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Proby, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Byng, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Townshcyid, Mr. Forttfcuc, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Whitmore, Sir IVm. Irby, Mr. Greenville, Mr. Hen. Herbert, Sir Thomas Lyttelton, Mr. Treby, Mr. John Stanhope, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Wm. Corbett, Lord Corn bury, Mr. York, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Bold, Lord Polwarth, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Jacob Bayiks, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Boone; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Berks and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir James Campbell, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable James Hollo, only Son of Robert Ratio, lale of Powhouse, deceased, to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at* the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And some Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed, that some of the Commissioners of the Salt Duties attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duties on Salt, for Five Years, from Lady-day 1732 to Lady-day 1737, distinguishing each Year; shewing also to what Part of the publick Debts the said Duties stand appropriated.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered/1 hat the said Account do lie upon the Table, to he perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that some of the Commissioners of Excise attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duties upon Soap, for Seven Years, ending Midsummer last; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duties upon Leather, for Seven Years, ending Midsummer last; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duties upon Candles*, for Seven Years, ending Alidfutntner last; diiiingu idling each Year: And also*

An

Maynard’*

liuie.

Pitt’s

imitate.

Remo*

ing

it* iio’s i),:-ab lily by Attainder.

Revenue appropnVtd to Public Debts.

Duties os Soap.

Leather.

Candle*.

Duties on Sntets.

Le»t#*Qv

Writ.

Supply Rill; Laud Tax.

I.eave of

bfcncc.

Rfgnltting >* atcrmen,

See.

Worsley

Brook.

io Geo. II.

14° — 15*

An Account of the Gross Produce of the Duties on Swee ts, from the ajfh of April 161)7 to Chnjlmas last; dillingtnthing each Year: And ulfo,

An A' count of what Informations have been laid before the ('ommilhoncrscfElxcifr, from the 25th of April 1697 to Christmas 1 736, for the not Paying of the Duties on Swcels, with the Penulti(s that have been adjudged thereon; cliftinguishing each Year.

And then they withdrew.

And tlit* "I it Us of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Tabic, to he perused by the Mcmbets of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of thisSellion.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the CVrk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Uurgcfs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Leicester. in the County of Leicester, in the room of Sir George Beaumont Baronbt, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax. to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1737, was read Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 91. L. 31. To leave out " Fourteenth/’ and insert ‘‘Twenty-sixth/* and to leave out %t June," anti insert the Word May* indead thereof:

And the same were, 111*011 the Qucllion put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do jmf>: And that the Title be, An Act for grauting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, lor the Service of the Year 1737.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dcGre their Concurrence.

Ordered, That John Myddelton Esquire have Leave to be absent for a Month, upon extraordinary Occa-fious.

A Bill for regulating the Company of Watermen, Wherry men, and Lightermen, rowing on the River Thames between Gravejeml, in the County of AV;i/, and Windsor, in the County of Berks, in regard to their taking Apprentices, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Geo. Cafivall, Sir Charles Wager, Sir James Campbell, Admiral Stewart, LorUSandom Sir James Grant, Mr. Cany, Mr. Townshend, Mr. PapiUcn, Mr. Fenwick, Sir Thomas Saumlcr/on, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Vyner, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Sha/-toe, Mr. Cere, Mr. Pturner, Mr. Stoper, 'Sir. Robert Hacks, Captain Purvis, Lord Vere Beauclerk, Mr. Gyb-bon, Mr. Earle, Mr. Hedges, Sir Robert Monroe, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Parfnns, Mr Fane, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Stert, Mr. Cosler, Sir Wm. JoUiffe, Admiral Haddock, Mr. Brajfey, Sir Henry Lyddell, Colonel Lyddell, Mr. Blackett, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Hilton, Mr. Shuttlcworth, Mr. Wortley, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Bold, Sir Wit. Laxvfon, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wyndham Ashe, Mr. O/baldiston, 'Sir. Archer, Mr. Yorke; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surry/, and Berks: And they are to meet this. Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for making navigable the River or Brook, called Worjley Brook, from Worjley Mill, in the Township of Worjley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the River Irivell, in the said County, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making navigable the River or Brook called Worjley Brook, from Worjley Mill, in the Township of Wor/iey, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the River IrzveU, in the said County.

Vo i*. 22.

Ordered, That Mr. Shutllervorth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed v Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act KelWa to enable the Trustees in the Will of Thomas Kellow Etate. Gentleman, deceased, to fell the Rectory Impropriate of Berwick Saint James, in the County of Wilts, for Payment of his Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hoo-per. Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Bamp/ield, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, M r. Banks, Mr. Bafhurjt, M r. Peter Bathurst, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Longueville, Mr. John Shelley, Sir John Ileathcote, Lord Gage, Sir Wm. Heath-cote, Mr. IIoare, Mr. Chester, Mr. Holden Mr. Brijlowy Mr. Ccsler, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Wyndham,

Mr. Harvey, Sir Chr. Powell, Mr. Turner, Sir Francis ‘

Child, Mr. Vyner, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Robert Hacks Mr. Carey, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. A court,

Mr. Fyddell, Lord Wallingford, Mr. Hay, Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Hinxman, Mr. Earl, Mr. Butler, Mr. Cornwall,

Mr. Yorke, Mr. Powis, Mr. Barlow, Mr. Smith, Mr. Winnington, Sir John St. Aubin, Mr. Jacob Banks, Mr.

Bond, Mr. Chaffin, Mr. Codrington, Mr. Copleston, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Hen. Fox, Mr. Guidott, Mr. Holland, Mr. How, Mr. Hunger/ord, Mr. Lijle, Mr.

Piers, Mr. Ivory Talbot, Mr. Bance, Mr. Thomas Her-vcy, Mr. Finch of Maidstone, Sir James Grant, Sir Jo/ Pennington; and all the Members w ho serve for the County of Wilts: Aud they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itfclfinto a Committee of the Removing w hole House, upon the Bill to enable George Seton, of Seton’sDif* Barnes, to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwith- h'htv by (landing his Attainder; and to remove any Disability 113111 in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter de.crnd or come to him.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. /’a//look the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fall reported from the Committee, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill,t and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House willpleafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 15* die;

Anno IO* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1737.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that some of the Com- Revenue ap-missioners for Taxes attended at the Door; propnatedto

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to ,c

the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duties upon Houses for Five Years last; distinguishingeach Year and each Duty, and to what Part of the publick Debts each Duty stands appropriated.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. John Bristow reported from the Committee, to Maynard's whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Estate.

10 F Act

846 15° Aprilis. A. 1737.

Act for Sale of the capital Messuage of Gnnnersbury, and other Lands and Hereditaments, late the Estate of Sir John Maynard Knight, Serjeant at Law; and for purchasing another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Will, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

shall hereafter descend to come to him; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered I he Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Baraity’s An ingossed Bill for naturalizing Bartholomew Nat. Baratty, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill Press 1. L. 40. To leave out the Word <c Heirs," and insert" Heir," in (lead thereof:

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Bartholomew Baratty.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Perry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Hefteth’a An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. to enable the Trustees and Testamqntary Guardians, named in the Will of Thomas Hejketh, late of Rufford, in the County of Lancaster, Eft]uire, deceased, to perform the same; and make Leases for Lives in his settled Estate, for paying his Debts during his Son’s Minority, /in Ease of an Estate devised by him to be sold; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Shuttleworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Play-house A Petition of the Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, in Precincts of the University of Oxford, was presented to the House, tyofOxford an(^ reac*5 setting forth, That the Petitioners are in-y formed, that a Bill for the more e(fe6lual preventing the

unlawful Playing of Interludes within the Precincts of the University of Cambridge, and the Places adjacent; and for explaining and amending so much of an A6fc, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, AnA6t for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of spirituous Liquors, and for licensing the Retailers thereof, as may affect the Privilege of the University oi Cambridge witiirespect to licensingTaverns, and all other publickHouses, within the Precincts of the same; is now depending in this House, tending to the better Preservation of the Discipline and good Government of the University of Cambridge, in the several Instances recited in the said Bill; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the federal Powers and Advantages proposed to be granted to the University of Cambridge will be equally serviceable and necessary with regard to the Order, Discipline, and better Government, of the University of Oxford, and also to other good Purposes intended by the said Bill: And therefore praying. That, by the Favour of this House, the Petitioners may be included in the said Bill; and that the several Powers and Benefits therein granted may be extended to the Universityof Oxford, in the same manner as they are proposed to be granted to the University of Cambridge.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power lo extend the Provisions of the said Bill to the University of Oxford.

The House being informed, that some of the Com- Revenue missioners of the Stamp Duties attended at the Door; apPp°?j-ateJ They were called in; and, at the Bar presented to the ,ck House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the several StnmpDuties, for Five Years, ended the Second of August 1736; distinguishing each Year, and each Duty, and to what publick Debts the same are appropriated: And also,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Rates or Duties on Monies, 8Cc. with Clerks and Apprentices, for Five Years, ended at August 1736.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Selliou.

The Lord Harry Pozvlett reported from the Com- Hertford-mittee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Roads from Hertford Bridge Hill to the Town of Bajingjloke, in the c' oa s’ County of Southampton; and also the Roads from the Sign of the Phoenix, in the Parish of Hartley Wintncy, to the Town of Odiham, in the said County; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, were agreed to by the House.

And some Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingossed Bill for Relief of info! vent Debtors, was j,r0]v(.rl read the Third time.

An ingossed Clause was offered, to be added to the Bjll, by way of Rider, forjfatisfying the new creditomn the First Place, in case of Executions taken out by former Creditors against Debtors discharged by the Act:

And the same was once read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Press 18. L. 13. To leave out the Word lC if:"

L. 19. After the Word " Discharge," to

insert €‘ and

And the same were, upon the Question severallvput thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Rejblvedy That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for relief of insolvent Debtors.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Removing Mr. ^a^ according to Order, reported from the Com-Setou’s Dif- mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable ability by GeorgcSctony of Barnes, to file, or maintain any Action Attainder, or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or

The other Orders of the Day being read;

ResolvedyThat this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- p,av hoi. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole w,tj,;n j> House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing cinch of the unlawful Playing of Interludes within the Precincts of the University of Cambridge^ anti the Places adjacent; ime!"

and

io Geo. II.

150 — 18'

847

and for explaining andamendingfo much of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon tlieRetailers of spirituous Liquors, and for licenling the Retailers thereof, as may affect the Privilege of the University of Cambridge with respect to licensing Taverns, and all other publick Houses, within the Precincts of the fame.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

and IVieuns. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Importation ot Iron from America.

Removing Kollo's Disability by Attaiiiaer.

Hemoving Seton’s Disability by Attainder.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Ironmongers of this Kingdom, in behalf of themselves, and many others trading to his Majesty’s plantations in America, is referred, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock,

LuncC) 18° die Aprilis;

Anno io* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1737. Praters.

AN ingossed Bill to enable James Rollo, only Son o['Robert Rollo, late of Pow house, deceased, to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him; was read the Third time.

The Amendments followingwere severally proposed to be'made to the Bill; viz.

Prels 2. L. 26. After unto," to insert or would hereafter have been intitled unto:"

L. 29. To leave out or personal And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable James Rollo, only Son of Robert Rollo, late of Powhouse, deceased, to lue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by renfon of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him.

Ordered, That Sir James Campbell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill to enable George Seton, of Barnes, to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

P refs 2. L. 22. After the Word* to insert, 44 or " would hereafter have been intitled unto:

L. 25, 26. To leave out the Words or personal:"

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable George Seton, of Barnes, to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or per-Vol, 22.

fonal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him.

Ordered, That Mr. Fall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed, that some of the Commissioners for licensing Hackney Coaches attended at the door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant. to t heir Order, an Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Revenue arising by Hackney Coaches and Chairs, for Five Years, from Midfimmer 1731 to Midsummer 1736; distinguishing each Year, and how the same is appropriated.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for explaining and amending, and making more effectual, several Acis of Parliament, made in the Fourth, Sixth, and Tenth, Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, respectively, for repairing and amending the several Roads t herein mentioned, in the Counties of Surrey, Kent, and Sussex, was read a Second time,

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Onslow, Mr. Doddington, Mr. Waller, Mr. Scazven, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Pigott, Brigadier Ilandafyde, Mr. Winning ton, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Purfons, Mr. Earle, Sir Thomas Lee, Dr. Lee, Captain Robinson, Captain Marlin, Mr. Corbett, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Lawton, Sir Hen. Hoghton, Mr. Crowle, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Neivland, Lord Palmer-ston, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Wor-fey, Mr. Gore, Sir Chr. Powell, Mr. Lockwood, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir James Grant, SivEdmund Bacon, Mr Yorke, Mr. Alderman Willimot, Sir Edward Bering,' Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Fall, Mr. Lijle, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Crofje, Lord Cornbury, Lord Polwarth, Sir Miles Sta* pyltoii, Mr. Chester, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Lech-mere, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Sandijs, Mr. Wilkinson; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Suffix, Kent, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingossed Bill to impowerthe Justices of the Peace for the County of Bucks to raise Money to discharge the Debts incurred on account of building a Gaol and Court Rooms, and for finishing the fame, for the Use of the County, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Prefsj. L. 19. To leave out the Word Inhabitants," and insert44 Occupiers of the several Manors, 44 and other Estates, aforesaid:"

L. 21. To leave out the Word they/ and insert such Constables, or other Officers, shall

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to impower the Justices of the Peace for the County of Bucks to raise Money to discharge the Debts incurred on account of buildinga Gaol and Court Rooms, and for finishing the fame, for the Use of the County.

Ordered, That Sir William Stanhope do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the capital Messuage of Gunnerfbury, and other Lands and Hereditaments, late the Estate of Sir John Maynard Knight, Serjeant at Law; and for purchasing another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Will; was read the Third time.

> Resolved,

Hackney

Coach Revenue.

Surry, &c. Road*.

Bucks Gaol, &c.

Maynard's

Estate.

Removing Langdale’s Disability by Outlawry*

Ilawkers

and

Redlars.

Duties on Houses appropriated.

Stamp Duties appropriated.

Revenue appropriated to Publick Debts.

Red Lyoh Square ImproTcment.

Dunstable, 4cc. Road.

848 l8"-----

ttefolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Bri/lozv do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill to enable Jordan Langdale, of Cliffy in the County of York, to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Outlawry; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Outlawry, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter descend or come to him; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for Hawkers and Pedlars do lay before this House, an Account by what Act or Acts of Parliament the Revenues under their Management stand appropriated.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for Taxes dolay before this House, an Account by what Act or Acts of Parliament the Duties on Houses stand appropriated.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for the Duties on Stamps do lay before this House, an Account by what Act or Acts of Parliament the respective Duties on Stamps, appropriated to pay the National Debt, under their Management, stand appropriated.

Ordered, That the proper Officers, who, by an Order of this House, of the Thirtieth of March last, were directed to lay before this House, the Gross and Net Produce of the several Duties of Customs and Excises, and other Taxes, appropriated to pay the Principal and Interest of the publick Debts, for Five Years last, and who have not already laid the same before this House, do specify, in their said Accounts, the several Acts of Parliament by which the said Duties and Taxes respectively stand appropriated.

Mr. Lljle reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the present and future Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Houses in Red-lyon-square, in the County of Middlesex, to make a Rate on themselves, for raising Monies sufficient to inclose, pave, watch, clean, and adorn, the said Square, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Afiby reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An ACfc for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Black Bull Inn in Dunfiable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shrfford-house, in the County of Hertford; and for preventing the Driving of Cattle through private Grounds and Passages, to avoid the Payment of the Toll charged upon Cattle by an Act of the First Year of his late Majesty, and the Eighth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from South Minims to St. Albans, in the said County of Hertford; was committed; That 16

A. 1757.

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in attheCIerk’s Table :Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Personsgoing solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon armed in the Bill for continuing an Act for the more effectual d,1Sulfe> &c* puuiftiing wicked and evil-disposed Personsgoing armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; and for continuing Two Clauses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or Sea Bank, and to prevent the malicious Cutting of Hop-binds; contained in an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Offices and Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for in- Ea,i,loJmenu* demnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices, or to take the Oaths required, w ithin the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for those Purposes;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gybbon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gybbon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon WednrfdayMom- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 19* die Alprilis;

Anno io* Georgii II"1 Regis, 1737.

Prayers.

f\ R DE RED, That the Lord Gage, Mr. Holden, Mr. Regulating " Ashley, Mr. Tho. Wyndham, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Watermen, Kent, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Newland, Mr. Bowles, Mr. A!-derman Perry, Brigadier Bozvles, Mr. Alderman Willi-mot, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Sir Gco.Cham-pi on, Mr. Byng, Mr. Iiedworth, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for regulating the Company of Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, rowing on the River Thames between GraveJfend, in the County of Kent, and Wind for, in the County of Berks, in regard to their taking Apprentices, is committed.

Mr. Gybbon, according to Order, reported, from the office* and Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for e :rploy meats, indemnifying Persons who haveomitted to qualify them-

selves

Aprilis.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- Way*

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole anJ Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Wftftmi niter Budge.

7 intners Lienees by Jniverfity of Cambridge.

Norton's

ElbUe.

io Geo. II. 19°. — 200

849

selves for Offices, or to take the Oaths required, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for those Purposes, was committed, tl^e Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the New Palace-yard, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of Thomas Allen was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, being a Person who followed the Art or Business of Distillation for more than Seven Years next before the passing an Act, in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of spirituous Liquors, and for licensing the Retailers thereof, had, by virtue of the said Act, from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September last, full Liberty and Authority to exercise and follow any other Trade, Art, Business, or Manufacture, in any City, Town, or Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England, any Law, Charter, Grant, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding; and that, the said Act having rendered the Petitioner’s Business of Distillation useless to him, he did, for the better Support of himself and Family, since the said Twenty-ninth Day of September last, at his own great Hazard and Expence, hire an House and Wine Cellar in the Town of Cambridge, and Hocked such Cellar with good and wholesome Wines of his own Importation from foreign Parts; and hath ever since fold such Wines at very moderate Prices as a Vintner, in the said Town; and was in hopes that helhould not have been interrupted in such his honest Method of trading; but that he finds that the Chancellor, Mailers, and Scholars, of the University of Cambridge9 are attempting to procure such aClause to be inserted in a Bill, now depending before the House, intituled, a Bill for the more effectual restraining the unlawful Playing of Interludes within the Precincts of the Uni-versity of Cambridge, and the Places adjacent; and for explaining and amending so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of spirituousLiquors, and for licensing the Retailers thereof, as may affect the Privilege of the University of Cambridge with respect to licensing Taverns, and all other publick Houses, within the Precincts of the fame; as will intirely disappoint the Petitioner of the Benefit of the said Act, to his irreparable Injury and Damage: And therefore praying, That the House^will give him such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall fieem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Glanville reported from the Committee to whom the Bill to prevent the Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the Firil, intituled, Vol. 23.

An Act for Limitation of Actioni, and for avoiding Suits in Law, being pleaded, infilled on, or taken Advantage of, by any Persons claimingunder the last Will of Richard Norton, of Southwick, deceased, against any Claim, Titie, or Demand, Thomas Norton Esquire hath to or upon the Manor of Old A res for d9 and Lands in Hampshire, settled by Indenture, of the Fifth of March 1657, or the Rents and Profits thereof, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the pjil|t further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Sir Ele&ios, John Glynne Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Flinty in the County of

Flint:

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner summed up their Evidence:

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member was heard; and examined several Witnesses, touching the Occasion of examining, upon Oath, into the Qualification of the Eieftors, and of protrafting the Poll; and touching Threats, and abusive Language, offered to the Returning Officers, and an Assault upon one of them; and the Declaration of the Number of Votes, and the Demand of a Scrutiny, and the Manner of declaring the Majority* and other Transactions at and after the said Election:

And the Record of Nisi Priits, upon an Information prosecuted against Richard Williams, Clerk, for the said Assault, uponjto/z/i Roberts, one of the Returning Officers, being produced; the Verdict of the Jury, by whom the said Richard Williams was convicted of the said Assault, was read:

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- poor Rejief ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole &c. House, upon the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Punishing ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Rogues and House, upon the Bill for the more effectual punishing Rogues and Vagabonds, and for the better Relief of such poor Persons as are therein mentioned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 20* die Aprilis;

Anno io# Georgii IP' Regis, 1737.

Prayers.

A PETITION of several Gentlemen, and others, Nonesuch living in or near the Road between a Place called Park Road. Nonesuch and Worcester Parks, in the County of Surry, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Road, by reason of majjy heavy Carriages frequently passing through the fame, is become so ruinous, that it cannot, by the Laws now in Force for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, be effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, for the Accommodation of Passengers; and in regard a Bill is depending, before this House, for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, several Acts of Parliament, made in the Fourth, Sixth, and Tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King . the First, respectively, for repairing and amending the

10 G several

850

20

Aprilis.

A. 1737.

several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Surry, Kent, and Sussex; Therefore praying, That Provision may be made, in the said Bill, for repairing the Road between Nonesuch and Worcester Park aforesaid; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Baltimore, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Chr. Powell, Mr. Longuevitle, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Serjeant Skinner, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Townshend, Sir Thomas Lee, Dr. Lee, Mr. Brereton, Admiral Haddock, Mr. Cojler, Sir /o/m Cope, Dr. Buttler, Brigadier Handafyde, Sir IFtb. Clayton, Mr. Affleck, Colonel Stewart, Mr. Jf7/-kinson, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Papil-lon, Captain jFo//, Sir JF/tj. Jolliffe, Mr. Alderman Perry, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Core, Lord Polwarth, Mr. Sandys, Sir James Grant, Mr. Fere, Mr. Yorke, Lord 7o///z Sacville, Lord Morpeth, Lord Limerick, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Pigot, Mr. Carmichael; and all the Members who serve for the County of *Swrry: And the}r are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Per- fons, Papers, and Records.

St. Cathe- a Petition of Mary Bainbrigg, Widow, was presented r, ICh^rchian to *he House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner finds a Bill is depending before this House, for rebuilding the Parish Church of Catherine Coleman in Fenchurch-street, in the City of London; and that the same has been read a Second time, and committed; and that the Petitioner being possessed of Two Houses adjoining to or near the said Church, held under a Lease, granted for a Term of Years, by one of the late Bishops of London, (he very lately caused an experienced Work-man to view the said Houses; who is of Opinion, That the same will be very much damnified, if not infcirely demolished, bypuIlingdownthe said Church, and the Steeple thereunto belonging: And therefore, and in regard no manner of Provision is made, by the said Bill, for giving any Recompence or Satisfaction to the Petitioner, for such Damage as (he shall sustain by pulling down the said Church and Steeple, praying the House to take her same into Consideration, and give her such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

St. Andrew Sir Francis Child presented to the House, according to Hoi born Order, a Bill for the better regulating the Nightly Watch,

an(* Beadles, within the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn a c ' c* above the Bars, and Liberty of Saffron-hill, Hatton-garden, and Fly-rents: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Edwards;

Mr. Speaker,

Mountfort's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Name. enable Edward Mountfort, and his Issue Male by Maty his now Wife, to take and use the Surname of Grosve~ nor: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House; And also,

Legh’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to

Estate. enable Peter Leme, of Lyme, Esquire, to make a present

Settlement on his Nephew Peter Legh the younger, and his Issue Male, preferable to his own Issue Male; and to enable his said Nephew, and other Tenants for Life, to make Jointures and Provision for Daughters and younger Sons in the Life-time of the said Peter Legh the elder, and with his Consent: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

24

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act r>umfiies for continuing an Act, passed in, the Third Year of the Town Im-Reignof his late Majesty King/GWgetheFirft, for laying prominent, a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, on every Pint of Aleor Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dumfries, and Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and for building a Church, and making a Harbour there; and for laying a Duty on the Tonage of Shipping, and a Duty on Goods imported and exported into and out of the Port of the said Town, for the better Repairing of the said Harbour; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Regulating to whom the Bill for regulating the Company of Water- Watermen, men, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, rowing on the Ri- &c* ver Thames, between Gravesend, in the County of Kent, and Windsor, in the County of Berks, in regard to their taking Apprentices, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to limit the Number of Passengers to be carried in Tilt Boats, Row-barges, and other Boats and Wherries.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act hegh’a to enable Peter Legh, of Lyme, Esquire, to make a pre- Setllement* sent Settlement on his Nephew Peter Legh the younger, and his Issue Male, preferable to his own Issue Male; and to enable his said Nephew, and other Tenants for Life, to make Jointures and Provision for Daughters and younger Sons in the Life-time of the said Peter Legh the eider, and with his Consent, w-as read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mountfort's to enable Edward Mountfort, and his Issue Male by Name. Mary his now Wife, to take and use the Surname of Grosvenor, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Kellow'i Eft ate.

Ordered, That Mr. Tucker and Mr. Pollen be added to the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees in the Will of Thomas Kellow Gentleman, deceased, to fell the Rectory Impropriate o{BerwickSt. James, in the County of Wilts. for the Payment of his Debts, is committed.

Mr. Alderman Perry reported from the Committee to Importation whom the Petition of the Merchants and Ironmongers of this Kingdom, in behalf of themselves, and many others ' luenca-trading to his Majesty’s Plantations in America, and the several otherPetitions relating to the Manufact 11 reoflron, were referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: And the same is as followeth; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Orders of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petitions:

And Copies of the several Reports made to the Commissioners of the Navy, by the Officers of his Majesty’s Yards, of the Trials of Iron imported from the Plantations, presented to the House the 10th Day of March 1736, and then referred to the said Committee, were read; whereby it appeared, That several Trials had been made o{American Iron, imported by Mrs. Crowley, at the several Yards of Deptford, Woolwich, Chatham, Sheerness,

Portsmouth, and Plymouth, by the respective Officers of his Majesty’s said Yards; and that the same had been found, in the Opinion offome of the said Officers, equal in Goodness and Value, and of others, superior, to the bed Sweedes Iron; excepting one Parcel of Philadelphia and Maryland Iron, sent by Mrs. Crowley to Deptford, by Warrant of the Commissioners, dated the 26th May last, which was returned, as unfit for the Service of his Majesty’s Navy.

And

io Geo. II.

20° Aprilis.

851

And also, a Copy of a Report made to the Commissioners of the Navy, by the Officers of his Majesty’s Yard at Deptford, of the Trial of Two Bars oi Iron received by Mr. John Tomlin fan, which, he said, he received from Xetv England, dated 7th September 1736, fpresented to the I louse the 5th Si arch last, and then referred to the said Committee, was read; whereby it appeared. That the Officers of his Majesty’s said Yard had caused a Trial to be made of the said Two Bars, and had found it equal in Goodness to the Fit ft Sort of Orgroioids Iron; Two Accounts, hereunto annexed, marked A and B, prepared in pursuance of Two Orders of the Committee, let forth, That the Quantity of Plantation Iron returned, as unfit for his Majesty’s Service, was about Five or Six Ton; but that the fame, being difupproved < f, was not weighed; and also, that the Officers of his Majesty's Yard at Deptford, where all the Plantation Iron that has been received from the Merchants was delivered, had no other Proof that the Iron mentioned in the Reports above-named to be tried, was Plantation Iron, than the Declarations of the several Persons from whom it was received.

And so much of " a Copy of a Representation from the Cnmniissioners for Trade and Plantations to the House of Lord>, pursuant to his Majesty’s Orders, upon their Add reties of the ift and 5th of April 1734, relating to the State of the British lflund* in America, with regard to their Trade, their Strength and Fortifications, and to what may be further necessary for the Encouragement of their Trade, and Security of those lilands as hkewiic to such Encouragements as may be nerelfary to engage the Inhabitants of the British Colonirs 011 the Continent in America to apply their indiiftry to the Cultivation of Naval Stores of nil Kinds, and of such other Produrfs as may he proper for the Sod of the said Colonies, and do not inter/ere with the Trade or Produce of Great Britain," as relates to the Quality of American Iron, acc rding to the Information had by the said Conunalioncis jrom theuce, ami the Encouragement that, in their Opinion, ought to he given to the Importation of the same into this Kingdom, with the Keatons that induced them to he of that Opm’on, was read; and is as follows:

" A Bill . ' I formerly pals the House of Commons, wherein tin I ncouragement proposed for importing Iron in Pig* and Sows from America, was, the taking olT the Duty payable upon it at Importation, which amounts to 3^. 9^/. per Ton; and this Encouragement would, in our Opinion, engage the Plauters to furuith us . ith such Quantities of Iron in Pigs and Sows, as might be futlicient for the Uses of our Ma-nulattures.

" We import annually into this Kingdom about 20,000 Ton of this Commodity, the greateti Part of which is brought from Sweden, and paid for with ready Money; so that, in our humble Opinion, nothing could be more prudent, or indeed more necessary, for the Welfare of Great Britain, than to give such Encouragement to the Importation of Iron from our Plantations, which abound both with Ore, and Wood for the Use of the Furnaces, as might render us independent of our Northern Neighbours, for a Supply of a Commodity lb essential to the Support of our Fleet, and of our Navigation in general.

" We annually import from Sweden only about 14,340 Tons, which, computed at no more than £. 10 per Ton, would amount to upwards off. 143,000 which we pay to that Kingdom in ready Money; and therefore an Encouragement upon the Importation of this Commodity may be the more necessary at this time, because the People of America having discovered several Iron-mines, and set up Forges, it is to be feared, that they will work up their Iron in Manufactures, which may be prejudical to those of this Kingdom, if forae effectual Means be not found out to induce them to import it, in Pigs and Sows, into Great Britain"

Then the Agents for the Petitioners praying an Encouragement of the Importation of Bar Iron from Vol. 22.

America, proceeded to make good the Allegations Importation mentioned in the several Petitions: of Iron from

To this Purpose, Amer, C!k

Mr. John Bannisters, chief Agent to Mrs. Crowley, was called: Who having laid before the Committee the several Acts of Parliament, whereby Premiums are settled upon the Importation of Tar, Pitch, Turpentine, Hemp,

Malts, Yards, and liowfprits; but wherein not any Encouragement is given to the Importation of Iron into this Kingdom from our American Colonies; proceeded to give his Evidence with regard to the Quality of the American Iron: And acquainted the Committee,

That he had bought] near 50 Tons of the American Iron in Bars, for which he contracted to pay £. 14per Ton: and that what he had seen worked of the same was, in every Respect, equal to the Swedish Iron, and fit for the same Uses, except that of making Steel, wherein, he thought, the Swedish Iron had forae Advantage over the American; though was (till of Opinion, that even Steel might be made out of Bar Iron made from Baltimore and Principio Pigs: That he had sent foine Quantity of it into the North to Mrs. Crouleys Workmen there; and that the Account they gave of it, was, That having tried several Bars of it, which flood the cold Proof, and cut others, they found it to be a good tough Sort of Iron; and that it worked as well as the Swedish Iron, and not red-tliort, but gave general Satbfaction: This, he said, was the Iron lent back from the Navy, as not good: And being asked what the Quantity returned was, he informed the Committee 23 Ton.

Being asked as to the Prices of Swedish, American, and English iron, he acquainted the Committee, That the Swedish Iron, now fells from £. 13 to £. 17per T on; but that that of which Steel is made, 12 or 1,500 Tons of which are annually imported for that Purpose, fills chiefly from £. 15 to £. 17 per Ton: That Bar Iron made of Baltimore and Principio Pigs, which are worth from £. 6 to^. 6. 10^ per Ton, and to the making of which into Bar, a Load and a Half of Coal, or Three Cord of Wood, is necessary, stood Mrs. Crowley in about £. 15 per Ton; and that English Iron, viz. that which is called Ordinary-tough, sold at Bewdley at £. 14 per Ton, which is from £ 3 to £. 3.|io$. less than it used to be, sold at: This he attributed, as well as the great Decrease of the Consumption of English Iron of late Years, to the large Importation of Moscow and Brinfeo Iron, which is fold for £. n per Ton.

I le then proceeded to acquaint the Committee with the State of the Iron Trade, as carred on in America, and the Manner of rendering it subservient to the Trade of this Kingdom; and though he allowed there was some little Manufacture going forward there, and that, as he was informed from Merchants, Nads were imported from Boston to Carolina,'and paid for thexe, in their Currency, yet, he said, that he was persuaded, that Necessity drove them to this; for they had run them-fcJves adrift so in their Trade with us, that, so far from beingable to call forfrefhand larger Recruits of Commodities from hence, they were not able to pay for those they had already had; and that the most effectual Method to prevent their fioking, through Necessity^ deeper into the Way of Manufacturing, was to make it their Interest not to manufacture:

This, as he thought, could be belt effected by the Encouragement of the Importation of Bar Iron into this Kingdom; for that the Dearness of Labour in those Parts, as well as the Inability of the Inhabitants to labour at all, for % great a Part of the Year, on account of the Heat of their Climate, must ever be such an Obstacle in their Way of Manufacturing, as not to make it w orth their while.

He was asked, upon this. Whether more Labour was not required to make Bars than Pigs ? to which he answrered, That he was not much acquainted with the nature of making either Pig or Bar Iron, but that he believed there was; for more Wages were paid for making one than the other.

Being

Importation of Iron from America.

852 20° Aprilis. A. 1737.

Being asked, Whether, if more Labour be required to make Bars than Pigs, and Labour be so very dear in America, it would not be for the Interest of the Americans to import Pigs rather than Bars, and save the Expence of that Labour ? he answered. That he thought not, on account of the Consumption of the Wood in America .* And that further, he observed, that Pigs, English as well as American, had not been of late so saleable as they used to be, the Consumption of both having greatly declined; which he attributed to the great Importation of Russia Iron, and the Cheapness of it: That he himself has large Quantities of Baltimore, Potomocky and Principio Pigs, lying by him, which he could not fell; nor were we able to make Iron so cheap in England, as it could be imported from Russia:

He further said. That there was annually imported from Sweden, about 14,000 Ton of Iron, and that chiefly paid for in Money; which the Importation of this American Iron, though not quite so hard, nor immediately to be sold so cheap, would, in time, chiefly affect: That in Eight or Ten Years time, with the Assistance of the Americans, we should be able to supply ourselves with the Iron imported from Sweden: That the English Iron was as good as the belt Swedish: That in Toys it was preferable to any foreign Iron; and that some Sort or other of it would answer all the Purposes that American Iron was fit for; but, to prevent the English being affected by the Importation of American, and to give the former some Advantage over the latter, it was proposed that 20s. per Ton should remain on all American Bar imported.

He was then asked, Whether we did not fend a great deal of manufactured Iron abroad, and to what Places? and he acquainted the Committee, That a great deal was Cent to our own Plantations, and chiefly to those that produced Iron Ore; but very little to Russia or Szveden, especially the latter, Duties being very high in Sweden on all European Goods.

The Committee then proceeded to inquire, Whether, since this Manufacture begun in some Measure in America, the Exports of manufactured Iron to Virginia, and the Places thereabouts, had not been lessened ? To which he answered. That he believed in nothing but Nails; and gave this Reason why; though Forges were set up, and they were permitted to make Bar Iron, they would not carry their Works any farther; viz. That they could buy their manufactured Iron cheaper from hence, than they could manufacture it there: An Instance of which he gave, in some Axes made at Boston, that he himself imported from Carolina, each of which colt him there, of our Money, 45. and as good as which he could have afforded to have fold here for 2$. and 6d.

He was then desired to inform the Committee, Whether, as the Cheapness of Iron manufactured must depend upon the Cheapness of the Iron first bought, and the Cheapness of that upon the Quantity of Iron brought to Market, it would not affect the English Manufacture to have a Stop put to the Importation of Russia and Swedish Iron? he said. That it would; because there would not be English Iron sufficient for the Purposes for which we wanted it; and that as, on the one hand, to lay an additional Duty upon Rvffiaaxidi Szvedishlvon immediately, would not be advisable, because hurtful to our Manufacture, as we are notripe for such a Resolution at present, so, on the other, to take oft’ the Duties upon American Pig and Bar Iron, at the same time permitting the Importation of Russia and Swedish Iron to continue as before, must greatly affect our English Iron; as there would be such a Glut of Iron at Market, and every one would buy that, whether English or foreign, that came cheapest to his Hands; and that though the Cheapness of Iron might increase our manufacture of it, and thereupon our Exportation of Goods manufactured be greater, yet that our Forges must be flopped thereby, and consequently the Price of ourWoods lowered: the Dear-ness, on the contrary, of foreign Iron, as it would put the English nearer upon a Par with it, must render the use of it less in those Parts where it is dear, and be a Means of preserving the Use of the English.

Being asked, How our Trade with the East Indies flood as to the Iron Manufacture ? he said, That he believed the Exports thither to be about One-fifth of the whole Export from England.

Having mentioned the Difficulties the Manufacturers laboured under, for want of Szvedish Iron, upon a Rupture with Szveden in the Year 1717, he was asked, Whether, should such a same happen again, he thought the American Pigs would answer that Want ? his Answer was, That he believed they would not; for that there was not Wood enough in the Kingdom to supply the Forges.

Having informed the Committee, That the Dutch were the great Competitors with us in our Iron Trade, it was asked him, Whether a Check being put upon the Importation of foreign Iron into this Kingdom, it would not render the said Iron cheaper to the Dutch f he laid. That he believed it might; and that the Smallness of the Duty paid upon Importation of Iron into their Ports, the low Wages paid to Servants, and the small Price given for the Commodity, did, at present, give them great Advantage over us in the Iron Manufacture.

Being asked, Whether the Bar Iron imported from America, and made so there, was as good as the Bar Iron made here from American Pigs ? he said. That it was not.

Captain John Tomlinson, being called, acquainted the Committee, That he had been in New England about Nine Years ago, and had been an Eye-witness of the Produce of Iron in that Country: That he had since been informed, there was an inexhaustible Mine of Iron Ore there, and that as good as any in Europe; and that he had had Two Bars made of it, sent to him from Mafachufetts; and had found no material Difference with regard to Shipping, between the American and Swedish Iron.

He acquainted likewise the Committee, That he had been informed, that a Slitting-mill had been ereCled there: and that there was some Manufacture going forward, such as Horse-thoes, and Streiks for Cartwheels, which he apprehends no Place can subsist without, Axes, and Houghs; but that they are double the Price that he can afford to fell them for in the Gross: And he farther added, That he believed some of them were sent to the Southern Colonies; but was of Opinion, with Mr. Bannisters, that they did no more than what Necessity obliged them to; which being removed, by the Encouragement of the Importation of Bar into this Kingdom, they would, as he imagined, cease to manufacture, or, if not intirely, only so much as was necessary for their Shipping, and what they could not do without: As a Reason why they would proceed no further, he said, That the Difference of Labour here and there being 70 or 80 per Cent. and the Price of Pit Coals being dearer, without which they could not manufacture, a Chaldron there being fold for 4 or. which was fold here for 5s. only, they would not find it worth their While; it being cheaper to have their manufactured Iron from hence, than to manufacture it themselves there: An Instance of which he mentioned, in some Bolts, that, upon his building a Ship there, he once sent over, in Hopes of saving the Expence of their Labour; but they not being fitted to the Ship, and requiring Alteration, it cost him near Half as much, or a Third at lead, to fit them to the Ship, as the prime Cost was here.

He further said. That the Iron he sent to the Plantations was Spanish or Swedish; but never sent himself, nor heard of any English Iron being sent there; for he never knew any English Iron at Market.

The Advantages anting to this Kingdom from the Importation of Bar from America, were, as he thought. That we should be thereby rendered independent of Szveden, or any other Country, for so necessary a Commodity: That their Trade with other Countries, when they had wherewith to deal with us, would be diverted into this: That our Woollen Manufactures would be sent in exchange for their Iron, and the Money they got from

io Geo. II. 20° Aprilis. 853

the Southern Provinces; and that there would, in time, be an additional Trade to this Kingdom for near £. 180,000 per Annum.

Being asked, What the Price of a Ton of Bar Iron made in America would be here ? he said, That the least that it would cost there would be £. 12. 5s. or £. 12. 10$.; lb that, including the Freight, which is 40^. it could not be fold here, for less than £. 15, some perhaps for £. 16 per Ton.

He further said, That it would not be of so great Advantage to import Pigs as Bars; because the Freight upon both was the fame, but the Value greatly different.

The Committee then inquired into the State of the Woollen Manufacture in America; and it appeared, by the Evidence of Captain Tomlinson, That the same was very trifling, and carried on up in the Country at l’o great an Expence, that they would not use it at all, if they had wherewith to purchasethe same from us: He was asked hereupon, Whether the Country, being cleared of its Woods, he did not think it would be fit for feeding of Sheep ? he said, He apprehended it would; and allowed, That it was natural for Colonies to interfere with us in our Manufactories, if we did not take off the grols Produce of their Country.

Mr. IVm.Astell, being examined, said, That our Trade to Sweden for Iron was, as he Imagined, for £. 1,50,000 per Annum; and that, in Exchange for that, they took of our Manufactures about 20 or £. 30,000 worth; so that about £. 120,000 being the Balance of the Trade, was annually paid to them in Money: That he remembered the Difficulties w e laboured under for Iron, at the time of our War with Sweden, and which we mult again labour under, in the like Circumstances, and unprovided v\ith American Iron: That the Dutch, at that time, engrossed all the Iron to themselves; and that he could not think it prudent for such a Natiun as ours to depend upon any but ourfeives for so necessary a Commodity.

Fie then produced a Copy of an Edict of the King of Sweden's, dated 11 th December 1734, and also a Copy of a Tax or Rate to be laid on Goods or Merchandize imported into Sweden, from January the lit, 1735, both received by Mr. Harrison, as himself informed the Committee, from the Secretary’s Office, and by him translated into English; whereby it appeared, that the Importation offeveral of our English Goods wereabfolutely prohibited; and also, that a very high Duty, amounting almost to a Prohibition, was laid upon all the rest, Woollen Hose and Yarn only excepted.

Mr. JVm. Jcvon said, That he had had 10 or 12 Ton of Bar Irun from Philadelphia, and that he had fold it to Birmingham Manufacturers; and that, according to his Information from them, it answered all the Purposes of Swedish Iron, excepting that of making Steel.

Mr. Joseph Farmer, a Manufacturer of Steel Wares at Birmingham, being examined, said, That he had a Parcel of 10 or 12 Ton of Bar Iron from Maryland, and that he had converted the same into Steel; and did not doubt, but that they in America might do the fame, if they had Pit Coal, and experienced Workmen: That he had made thereof Springs for Gun-locks, Sword-blades, Files, and Bits to bore Gun-barrels, and Tower Musket-barrels, all wffiich require the very best of Steel; and that he had found it answer all the Purposes he uled it for, as well as any he ever bad in his Life of the heft Swedish or English Iron: That the Swedish indeed w orked something harder than this; but that he did not look upon it to be the better for that: That he had tried it all Ways, had put (ome at the Top, some in the Middle, and some at the Bottom of the Furnace, and found it, at all Times, and in all Situations, fit for his Wrork: That it worked stiff, but not soft; and, being of a stronger Body, was preferable both to English and Swedish for Gun-barrels, the former of wffiich was chiefly used for that Purpose.

Fie further laid, That he had tried the Potcmc 'ck Iron but had found it too tender, and not tough enough for his Purpose, as he served the Office of Ordnance, though fit for many Uses.

Vol. 22.

Penjihama Iron he had tried likewise in every thing Importation but Steel, and found it inti rely fit for the Uses lie had of Iron from tried for; and believed it might be converted into Steel, America/ as well as the Maryland; though lie could not speak upon Experience as to that Iron.

He further acquainted the Committee, That, in the Years 1718 and 1719, he w as in the Plantations, and went with a View of trying the Iron Ore there: That, during his Stay there, he made several Experiments of the Ore, in different Places, and in different Manners; sometimes by a Loadstone, and sometimes by I;ire; and that he found good of all Sorts; but on the South-side of Virginia the very heft: That, at that time, there wTere no Furnaces or Forges, but only Two Bloomeries ereCled, where they made Iron for their owm Ule only.

The Committee then proceeded to examine the Matter of the several Petitions against the Importation of American Bar:

To which Purpose,

M. Samuel Barnet, a Slitter at Ridgley, in Stafford-shire, wras called: Who, being examined, said, That he had had about a Ton of Iron from Philadelphia, which he had tried, and found it of a tough, soft, malleable nature, and answering all the Purposes of our English Iron: The Principio and Baltimore Iron, likewise, he said, w*as much of the same nature with our English Ore; the Maryland a good deal so, but not quite so fit for Fri&ion.

Mt. Edward Knight, of Cook by, in Worcestershire, being examin' d, explained to the Committee the nature of the several Sorts of American Pigs, which he had been conversant with; viz. the Bristol Company and Poto-mock, the Tubal, PenJUvania, and the N. B. and F. C.

American Pigs; all which, he said, were of a cold short Kind, and chiefly fit for the Making of Nails: And he further said, That in the Manufacture of Nails, the Second Sort of English Iron had been chiefly used, till the late Importation of Russia Iron, which was fit for the same Purpose. and had greatly broke in upon the Consumprion of the English Iron; to which, if w'as added the Importation of American Bar, which was of the same nature, it uould give such a Blow to the Market for English Iron, as would, in a manner, bring it to nought, and give the American greatly the Advantage over the Swedish, with respect to the English; as, in the Manufacture of American Iron, a Man can do as much Work in Five Days, as he can in the Manufacture of Swedish in Six, or more, on account of its hardness.

He then acquainted the Committee with the best Sort of American Pigs, viz. the Baltimore and Principio Pigs, which, he said, were of a kind malleable nature, and generally foster than any English, except that made of Cumberland Ore: That iron made of these was of a firnilar nature to our English Iron, and, like that, answered all the Purposes of the Szoedish, excepting that of making Steel; and that, if this w>as imported in Bar, it must greatly alfect the English Iron, for that the English sold at Bewdley at £.\bper Ton, and the Swedish at£. 14.10.9. per Ton; Co that the Difference of Price must necessarily bring the first Lois upon the dearer Iron, viz. the English, which must be very considerable, the Value of our English Iron amounting per Annum to upwards of £. 200,000.

Being asked the Expence of making a Ton of Bar Iron, he said. That about 271b. of Pigs, w ere necessary for that Purpose: That working of those into Blooms would take up about Three Cord Six Foot of Four-foot Wood, which cost from 4s1. to 8$. per Cord, as the Distance is from the Forge, after which they might be draw n out by Coals; so that if a Man gives at Bewdley £. 6. 15^. per Ton for Baltimore and Principio Pigs, including the Expence of Carriage, which is about *49. he makes nothing of his Money by felling the Bar Iron made from those Pigs at £. 15. 1 os. per Ton: He said.

There was about 900 or 1,000 Ton of Steel made every Year out of Swedish Iron.

Having allowed pretty near the same Qualities to American Iron that he had to the Swedish, he was asked,

10 H Why

20® Apr

A. 1737.

Importation Why he thought the American would interfere with the ° America°m English any more than the Swedish ? To which he an-ca' fwered, That if a Stop was put to the Importation of Swedish Iron, he did not think that the American would hurt us.

Mr. Abraham Spooner, Importer of Iron, as well as Ironmonger, said, That he had imported Two Sorts of Or grounds Sxvedish Iron; the First made generally into Steel, and fitted for it of all Irons yet discovered, and sold at Bewdley at £. 17. 10$. sometimes £. 18 per Ton; the Second, which had not Body enough to make Steel, if mixed with other Iron, sold at 14. 10$. if by itself, and for ready Money, at £. 15 per Ton; but that the same was harder than English, and took more time in manufacturing:

That he had also, some Years ago, imported Two Sorts of Siberia Iron, the one called Government Sibet'ia, the other Merchants Siberia Iron; but that he had lately heard, that the Czarina had taken that Iron to her own Ul’e, and imported if herself: He likewise acquainted the Committee, That the Iron imported from Petersburg was chiefly paid for in Money, but sometimes in Goods,

He further said, That there were Two other Sorts of Iron imported from Russia, viz. Brinfco or Tuley, and Moscow or Mullarns Irons: That the Brinfco was applicable to the Making of Nails, but was rather too hard, as the Workmen complained; but that iheMofcorcv Iron was used lolely for Nails, and supplied the Place of the English Ordinary-tough: That he had imported Brinfco himself some years ago; and that the Price of Brinfco Iron in Bars, at that time, was 13 per Ton, and that of the English in Kods f. 18 per Ton , but that the Price of Brinfco advancing in Russia, and that of the English falling here, he had left off importing it.

He acquainted likewise the Committee, That he had been conversant with Baltimore Iron, which was of a fbft malleable nature, and came the nearefi of any Iron in Quality to the belt English tough Iron.

He then proceeded to acquaint the Committee with the several Sorts of English Iron, which he divided into the Best-tough, Ordinary*tough, Blend, and Cold-ftiort; and how the same had and might be further affected by the Irons above mentioned.

He observed hereupon, That, by a Computation made in the Year 1718, 18,000 Ton of Bar Iron were then computed to be annually made in England; but that several Forges were now idle, that then worked; that the Price of Wood was lowered; and that now not above 12 or, at moll, 15,000 Ton were computed to be made: This, he said, was undoubtedly owing to the large Importation of foreign Iron; which, if it should be increased, by a further Encouragement to bring it in upon us, must render the Confurnption of our English Iron still less, the Price of our Goods still lower, and drive our Workmen abroad to get their Bread.

He further said, That the heft English tough Merchant Bars are sold at Bewdley at £. 16 per Ton, wholesale Price: and though the same Sort of Goods are made from the Second Sxvedish, and the Two Siberian Irons, aforementioned, that are made of this best English, yet that the fame, being of a harder nature, and requiring more Labour and Coals in the Manufacturing of it, than the English does, do not bear so good a Price at Bewdley as the English: That the Ordinary-tough, Blend, and Cold-short English Iron, are all used for the Making of Nails, which the Russia Iron, being fitted for the same Purpose of making Nails, and sold at a lower Price, has greatly affected England of itself, before the Importation of Russia Iron, having supplied itself with all the Iron wanting for that Manufacture.

He further observed, That one Sort or other of American Iron was of the same Quality with any of our English Iron; whence he inferred, that if Encouragement was given to the Americans to import their Bar Iron into this Kingdom, it would ever affect one Sort or other of English Iron, before any foreign: If they import such Bar

23

as is fit for Nails, it must affect the English before the Russia Iron, because the Russia fells at a lower Price than the English does; if they import such as answers in Quality to the best English Tough, it must affect the English before the Swedish Iron, because the Price of the English is higher than the Swedish; the Consequence of such a Blow given to the Iron Trade, in the Neighbourhood of Birmingham only, were, as he imagined, that 135*000 People would be deprived of their Livelihood; so forced either to seek their Bread abroad, or to become Burdens to their Parishes; which he thus computed, that in Birminghan, and the adjacent Places within Ten Miles, not less than 9,000 Ton of Iron, from the Bar and Rod, were, yearly manufactured: That in the Manufacturing of each Ton, Five Hands were employed, which made the Number of Hands 45,000: That supposing, on each hand. One Woman, and One helpless Child, to depend for Subsistence, it made the whole Number of Dependents on their Trade 135,000.

Being asked, How much of these 9,000 Ton manufactured in Birmingham was English Iron ? he said, He believed that about 6,900 Ton were English Iron, the rest, 220 of which were converted into Steel, chiefly Sxvedish.

The Committee then inquired into the State of the Bir* mingham and Wolverhampton Trade for these last Seven Years, and whether it had, in that time, increased or decreased: And he informed the Committee, That, he believed, there had been an Increase of Manufacture, especially in the Toy Trade, at Wolverhampton, of late Years, but that the Goods so manufactured lay on the Hands of the Owners; which he attributed to the Decrease of the Exportation to America: And that, to the Increase of the Manufacture carried on among themselves, he further said, That he could not think, that an Encouragement given to them to import their Bar Iron into this Kingdom, would make them cease to manufacture; for that it was well known the Number of People in the Northern Parts of America was greatly increased, and he thought they would not choose the Hazard of the Sea, and the Expence of Carriage, w hen they could do w ithout, having already ftiewn a pretty good Disposition to Manufacture themselves, by endeavouring to get some of our Manufacturers amongst them: To prove which, he produced a Letter from an Edge-tooler of Middletown, about 30 Miles from Boston, to one of his own Trade at Birmingham; wherein he desires him to fend him over Three or Four Nailors; for that the Making of Nails was an excellent Trade there, and a Man might get ioj, per Day by it, which would pay for his Board for a whole Week.

Being asked, If we had Wood enough in England to make all the Pigs and Bars that we wanted ? he said, We had enough to make infinitely more than is now made.

Mr. George Rock, Agent to Lord Foley, said, That he had worked both American and English Pigs, and believes the Iron made from Anerican Pigs would answer all the Purposes of the English, being much of the same nature; but that he had observed, that, mixed together, they each received Advantage from the other, though still inferior to the Swedish Iron, being of a foster nature:

He further said. That he paid by the Great, for making a Ton of Ore into Pigs 3s. 4d. and 20$. for making a Ton of Bars from Pigs, which took up of English Pigs 271b. of American, from 281b. to 3olb.: That Three Cord Six Foot of Four-foot Wood was required to make a Ton of Pig from the Ore, and Six Cord Four Foot of Four-foot Wood to make and draw a Ton of Pigs into Bars; though, in some Places upon the River Stower in Worcestershire, they sometimes used Wood only to draw it into Coops and Anchories, which takes up Four Cord only, and from thence they draw it into Bar with Stone Coal; but the greatest Part of Iron is drawn by Charcoal, of w;hicli Two Cord of Wood will make a Load.

M. William Donne, Ironmonger, of Bristol, said, That he had Two Furnaces in Virginia^ and Two Slitting-mills

in

io Geo. II. 2 0° — i° 855

ation from America.

in England; and that, as his Workmen informed him, the Mr, Speaker,

Virginia Iron was inclined to a Cold-short: He denied the The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Furnefe's Fitness of the American Iron to make Steel, and instanced establishing and confirming a Partition of the Estates of in some Penjilvanta Iron, that was lent him for that Pur- Sir Robert Furnefe Baronet, deceased, among his Three pose, which he put into the Hands of his Workmen to Daughters, and Coheirs; and for settling their several be tried; but though it was changed a little from Iron, specifick Shares and Allotments, to such Uses as their it could not be called Steel: He thought it would be several undivided Third Parts thereof stood limited be-advantageous to take off the Duty upon American Pigs: fore such Partition; and for other Purposes therein men-

but that, if Encouragement was given to the Americans to tioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of make Bar Iron, it would be as natural for them to manu- this House.

fa6ture that Bar Iron, as it is for a Maltster to brew his own Beer: On the contrary, to discourage the Making of Bar there, might be a means of their fending more Pigs here, which would be of Advantage to the Nation.

Navy Office, 7 An Account of what Proof the 23d March 1736. j Commissioners of the Navy have had of the Iron that was tried at the several Yards, being Plantation Iron. And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Iron returned, by the Commissioners of the Navy, as not fit for Ule; prepared in pursuance of Two Orders of a Committee of the honourable House of Commons, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Ironmongers of this Kingdom, in behalf of themselves, and many others trading to his Majestys Plantations in America, was referred; dated the i 8th instant.

Pursuant to the above Orders, the Commissioners of the Navy directed the Officers of his Majesty’s Yard at Deptford, where all the Plantation Iron, that has been received from the Merchants, was delivered, to fend an Account of the Quantity of Plantation Iron that was returned by them, as not fit for Use; with an Account of the Proof they have had, that all the Iron that was received by them as Plantation Iron was so; the said Officers Answer, with the Assurances the Merchants gave that the Iron tendered and received for Experiments was Plantation Iron, being all the Proof the Commissioners of the Navy have had thereof, and of the Quantity returned.

The following is a Copy of the said Officers Answrer:

Copy of a Letter from the Officers of his Majesty’s Yard at Deptford to the Commissioners of the Navy, dated the 21st March 1736-7.

A: In Return to your Commands of the 18th instant, we are humbly to acquaint you, That the only Quantity of Plantation Iron, which has been returned as unfit for his Majestys Service at this Yard, was about Five or Six Tons, which being disapproved of, was not weighed.

B: As to what Proof we have had, That the Iron which we have made Trial of, mentioned in our several Reports, was Plantation Iron, we had no other than the Declarations of the several Persons, from whom it was received: W hich being humbly signified, we remain, 8(c. Richard Stacey, J. Lotony Daniel JVifeman,

John Sargent,

William Stacey.

The before-going is a true Copy of the Officers Report.

Richard Haddock, /. Ackxvorth, Thomas Pearfe, £?. Purvis, J. Fawler.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider of the said Report.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Edwards:

Vol. 22.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the Flint further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Sir John Glynne Baronet, complaining of an undue Eie&ion and Return for the Borough of Flint, in the County of Flint.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in:

And One of the Counsel fqr the Sitting Member was heard; and they examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify several Persons, whose Votes for the Petitioner appear, upon the original Poll taken at the said Election, to have been disallowed by the Returning Officer, and whom the Petitioners Counsel had endeavoured to qualify.

And then the Counsel on both Sides wfere directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition be adjourned till Tomorrow Mqrning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the further Regulating of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities,

Boroughs, Towns, and Ports, in that Part of Great Britain called England,

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- piayhouse night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, in ivecinds upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing the un- University lawful Playing of Interludes within the Precincts of the ol University of Cambridge, and the Places adjacent; and r‘ for explaining and amending so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of spirituous Liquors, and for licensing the Retailers thereof, as may affect the Privilege of the University of Cambridge, with respect to licensing Taverns, and all other publick Houses, within the Precincts of the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Ways next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Mean*, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply.....to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovts, 210 die Apr ills;

Anno 10° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1737.

Prayers.

MR. Cartwright reported from the Committee, to Abthorpe whom the Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, Parifo. and principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of Towcester, in the County of Northampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to

them/

856 a0 Aprilis A. 17^7.

them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof,

Mr. Charles Gibbs was called: Who, being examined, said, That the ikid Parish of Towcester is of a large Extent, and very populous; and that there are several Plamlets belonging thereto, which lie at a considerable Distance from Towcester; and that there is only One Parish Church, which is Two Miles distant from one of the Hamlets called Abthorpe with Foxcote, in which Hamlet is a Chapel of Ease, and that the Vicar of the Parish of Towcester performs Divine Service therein once a Month; and, as that Hamlet is so far distant from the Church, the Inhabitants thereof, which are about Four hundred, cannot, in the Winter Season, attend Divine Service at the said Church, without great Incon-veniency and Trouble:

That the Hamlet of Abthorpe is already so far divided from Towcester, that all Parish Officers are chosen, and aft, in that Hamlet, separately from the Parish of Tow-cesier, and are in no manner subject to be rated or taxed to that Parish; but the Vicar thereof is intitled to, and receives, the small Tythes arising in Abthorpe.

Then the Petitioners laid before the Committee the Will of Thomas Nicol, bearing Date the 15th Day of August 17 26, mentioned in the Petition; whereby it appeared, That he has charged his Estate in Pafenham, in the County of Northampton, with the Payment of the Sum of £. 13. 4$ free from all Taxes and Deductions; and thatX. 2. 10 s. Part of the said Sum of £. 13. 4s. should be yearly laid out in Bread, to be distributed on every Friday Morning, after Prayers, to 12 ancient poor People of Abthoipe and Foxcoate, as long as Divine Service should be used and continued in the said Church on Wednesdays Fridays, and Holidays-, and lb long as the Minister, for the Time being, of the Town of Abthorpe, should preach there every Sunday Morning, and read the common Prayers appointed for that Purpose, and cate-chife the poor Children of the Town upon every Sunday in the Afternoon throughout the Year, and should duly administer the Holy Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper at least Six times in every Year; and, whenever Prayers should be discontinued in the said Parish on the several Days, or any of the several Particulars therein mentioned should be omitted, then the said Bread, given to the Poor as aforesaid, was to cease; and that the £. 2. 10 s. other Part of the said Sum of £. 13. 4 s. should be yearly paid to the Parish Clerk of the said Town of Abthorpe, and subject to the Provisoes herein after-mentioned.

And the said Thomas Nicol, by his said Will, gave £. 200 South Sea Annuities to the Town oi Abthorpe, in order to procure Part of the Bounty of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for increasing of Poor Livings; which said South Sea Annuities were given upon Condition that the Town of Abthorpe should, within Three Years next after his Decease, or within Three Years next after the then Incumbent should quit the fame, become a distinct Parish from the Town of Tozvcester; and he the said Thomas Nicol declared by his said Will, That, in such case, he gave 20 Guineas towards the buying of Communion Plate for the Use and Service of the said Church of Abthorpe; and that he also declared the Two several Sums of £.2. 10 s. for Bread for the Poor of the Parish, and £.2. 10 s. for the Parish Clerk of the said Town, should cease, and not be paid, unless Abthorpe should, within the Times limited, become a distiaft and separate Parish from the said Town of Towcester.

Then the Petitioners laid before the Committee, the Will of Jane Leafon, also mentioned in the said Petition, letting forth, That she had founded a free School in Abthorpe; and, for Endowment thereof, among other Charities, and she did, by that Will, devise an Estate in that Town to certain Feoffees, in the Will named, in Trust,

23

for the Payment of the yearly Sum of Eight Pounds to a School-master, for teaching the poor Children of the Town

of Abthorpe.

The said Charles Gibbs likewise said, That Mr. Palmer was the last Incumbent; and that he has been dead Two Years, and upwards.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill- for making the Chapel in the Hamlet of Abthorpe and Foxcoate, in the Parish of Tozvcester, in the County of Northampton, a Parish Church, and for appointing a District or Parish thereto; and for enabling the Master of the Free Grammar School within the said Hamlet of Abthorpe and Foxcoate to be Vicar of the said Parish Church: And that Mr. Cartwright, Sir Charles Mordaunt, and Mr.

Compton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hooper reported from the Committee, to whom KelWs the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Eftat6, enable the Trustees in the Will of Thomas Kellow Gentleman, deceased, to fell the Rectory Impropriate of Berwick Saint James, in the County of Wilts, for the Payment of his Debts, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Fill in at the Clerks Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fumefe’i for establishing and confirming a Partition of the Estates Estates. of Sir Rober't Furnefe Baronet, deceased, among his Three Daughters and Coheirs; and for settling their several specifick Shares and Allotments to such Uses as their several undivided Third Parts thereof stood limited before such Partition, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for indemnifying Persons who have Offices and omitted to qualify themselves for Offices, or to take the Eraploymenls* Oaths required, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for those Purposes, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 2. L. 21. To leave out the Words " or in Cafes " where any," and insert " and all and every

L. 22. After " Person," to insert " and " Persons who and, after " has," to insert " or " have

L. 23. After " Office," to insert " and L. 24. To leave out <c acts," and insert " or " they shall act;" and, after " in," to insert " any L. 25. After " and, " to insert <c is and L. 34. Before ct is," to intert tc and :"

L. 42. After " him," to insert " her

The said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices, or to take the Oaths required, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for all those Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Gybbon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent the Act, made in the Twenty- Norton’* first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intitu- Estate-led, An Act for Limitation of Actions, and for avoiding Suits in Law, being pleaded, infilled on, or taken Advantage of, by any Persons claiming under the last Will of Richard Norton, of Southwich, deceased, against any Claim, Title, or Demand, Thomas Norton Esquire hath to or upon the Manor of Old Aires ford, and Lands,

to Geo. II. 2i°

in Hampshire, settled by Indenture of the Fifth of March 1657, or the Rents and Profits thereof; was read the Third time.

Rcfoived, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to prevent the Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for Limitation of Actions, and for avoiding Suits in Law, Being pleaded, inlisted on, or taken Advantage of, by any Periods claiming under the laftWill of Richard Norton of Soulhzcick, Esquire, deccafed, against any Claim, Title, or Demand, which Thomas Norton Esquire, hath to or upon the Manor of Old Alresford, and Lands, in the County of Southampton, settled by Indenture of the Fitlli of March 1657, or the Rent* and Profits thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Glanville do carry the Bill to the I^ords, and desire their Concurrence.

Whitechipel Sir Robert Abdxj reported from the Committee, to wh°in the Bill for inlargin^ the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the Stones End at Ifhite-chapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Shenfield, and to the furthermost Part of the Parish of Woo:/'. I, leading to the Town of lipping, in the County of Essex\ and for repairing the Road leading from the Causeway in the Parish of Loir Ixiyton, through lEanjiead, to the End of the Parish of Wocdford, next to the Parish of Chiguell, in the said County of lifer; and nlfo for repairing the Road from Mile-end to Shoreditch Church, in the said County of Middldei; w as committed; and to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of AY. John at Hackney, in the County of Middicj'cx, at a Parish Meeting lor that Purpolb itfl’emble.1, alter publick Notice given in the Church, in behalf of tiiem-ii'lyes, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Pardli, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; ami that the Committee had conftd red the said Petition; and had gone through the B.ll, and I’Ue several Amendments 1 lit reutito; which they had d:>cted him to report to the House; and lie re«tl the* lit port in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Supply n.ll; Sir Charles Turner prefci.trd to the House, according Duty on to Order, a Pill for repealing the present Duty on Sw eets,

Sweets, Xo and for granting a Ids Duty thereupon: And the same was received; and read the First time.

And the Resolutions of the House, of the 21st Day of March last, upon which the said Bill was ordered to be brought in, were read:

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Second time.

Nonesuch Ch'dered, That Sir Wm.Jolliffe, and Mr. Comptroller,

Park ltoaU. be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, living in or near the Road between a Place called Nonesuch, and JEorceJter Parks, in the County of Surry, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

House Duties The House being informed, that feme of the Com-

Appropriaiion. missioners for Taxes attended at the Door;

They w ere called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account by what Act or Acts of Parliament the Duties on Houses stand appropriated.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account wras read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that the Accomptant General of the Excise attended at the Door

Vol. 22.

ITe was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Revemte House, pursuant to their Order, Accounts of the Gross appropriated and Net Produce of the several Duties of Excise, and ^e^bi, ck other Taxes, appropriated to pay the Principal and e Interest of the publick Debts provided for by Parliament, for Five Years last; dill inguishing each Year, and each Duty, and to what Part of t he publick Debts each Duty Hands appropriated, and the several Acts of Parliament by which the said Duties and Taxes rc-IpcCtively Hand appropriated.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title oi the said Accounts was read.

Ordered, Thai the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. \

The laid Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Sciiioii.

1.

Ordered, That the Order of Day; for the Call of Call of the the house, be now read: House;

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Quest ion being put,

That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Scvenmght;

The House divided.

The Yeas weut forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j ] 9°‘

T, Hers for the Noes, j j 2,0>

So it yufle d in the Negative.

Oruard That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Month.

A Mefl’age from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Diidiey’i inrolling of certain Indentures of Lease and Release kitate. executed by Sir William Dudley, and Dame Elizabeth Ins Wife; and for making the Exemplification, and attested Copies, of I ’m h Indentures, and also of an Act of Parliament, and certain Articles of Agreement therein referred to, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Ireland: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, A11 Supply Bill; Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Laud Tax. Land lax, to be raised in Great Britain, for tlife Service of the Year 1737, without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill* intituled, An Act Bucks Gaol to impow'cr the J 11ftices of the Peace for the Cotanty &c. of Bucks to raise Money to discharge the Debts incurred on account of building a Gaol and Court Rooms, and for finishing the lame, for the Use of the County, without any Amendment: And also*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Harvey^ to enable John llai'vey Esquire, now called John Thursi Karat. by, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Thurjby, in pursuance of the Will of William Thurjby Esquire, deceased, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of Jordan Langdale, of Cliff, in thfe Removing County of York, was presented to the House, and LangdalJs read; letting forth, That, for the Relief of the Peti- Disabilityby tioner, a Bill is now depending in the House to enable ^ut, awry‘ him to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Outlawry; and to remove any Disabiiicy’ in him, by reason of his said Outlawry, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him; but that, as the said Bill does not enable him to take or inherit w?hat he W’as intitled unto in Reversion or Remainder be* fore his Outlawry* the Petitioner is advised, that it will be but of little Advantage or Relief to him, unless he can obtain the Favour of having it amended; because he has no Expectation of, nor is anywise intitled unto, any Estate, were he enabled to take, but by virtue

101 of

11* — 21°

A. 1737.

of a Remainder vested in him before he was outlawed; and that this will be but of little Consequetrce to the Publick, because the whole Estate the Petitioner would thereby take is but between Sev^n and Eight hundred Pounds a Year, which, by a Settlement made in 1712, is limited to the Petitioner for the Term of his Life only, with Remainder over to his First and other Sons, and thereby charged with so many Incumbrances, that the annual Out-goings amount to above Six hundred Pounds, besides Repairs, Charges of Management, and accidental Ix>fs; so that little or nothing remains for the Support of him, with a Wife and Eight Children; and that no Prejudice or Inconvenience can accrue from hence to any private Persons, their Rights and Claims being all saved by a Clause for that Purpose inserted in the Bill: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to add a Clause to the said Bill, to enable the Petitioner to take and inherit what he was entit led unto ill Reversion or Remainder before the said Outlawry; or such other Relief as to the House shall seem proper.

And the Petition of the said Jordan Langdale, presented to the House the 15th Day of March last, being read;

And the Signification of his Majesty’s Consent, made the said 15th Day of March last, by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, being also read;

Ordered, That the Petition now presented to the House be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the fair! Petition:

And it is referred to Lord Gage, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Earle, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Sir Thomas Saunderjbn, Sir Jo/, Pennington, Mr. Secretary at War, Sir Win, Wyndham, Lord Wallingford, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Levijbn Gozver, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Harley, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bafhurst, Mr. Powis, Mr. Owen, Mr. Affleck, Sir Eras. Phillips, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Hume Campbell, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Berkeley, Lord Robert Montague, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Sir . Wilfred Lazcfon, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Waller, Mr. Plnmptre, Sir Win. Stapleton, Mr. Fox, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Olmius, Sir Walter Bagott, S\rJer. Southroke. Lord Noel Somerset, Sir James Campbell: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The other Order of the Day being read;

' Flint The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Election. Matter of the Petition of Sir John Glynne Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Flint, in the County of Flint:

And the Couufelon both Sides were called in.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify several Persons who offered to vote for the Petitioner at the said Election, and were refuted by the Returning Officers, and whom the Counsel for the Pe-tioner had endeavoured to add to his Poll.

Then they examined several Witnesses, in order to justify the Votes of several Persons who voted for the Sitting Member, and whom the Counsel for the Petitioner had endeavoured to disqualify.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

St.Catherine Ordered, That Mr. Earle and Mr. Glanville be added

Coleman to the Committee, to whom the Bill for rebuilding the Church. Parish Church of St, Catherine Coleman, Fenchurch-Jirtet, in the City of London, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till To-raonw Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisj 2 2° die Aprilis;

Annfc io* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1737.

Prayers*

THE Lord Polwarth reported from the Committee, Pitt’s

to whom the ingrossed Bill frons the Lords, inti- Elute,

tuled, An Act for Sale of the Manor and Capital Messuage of Siv allow field, late the Estate of Thomas Pitt Esquire, deceased; and for purciiafing another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his W ill; was committed:

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerks Table.

Sir Thomas Lyttelton reported from the Committee, to Talbott whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An EiUtes. Act to enable Trustees, during the respective Minorities of George Talbot Esqu ire, and his younger Brothers, to grant Leases of the Estates of the said Infants, in the Counties of Salop, Worcester, Berks, Chester, Stafford,

Oxford\ and /Tilts, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill iu at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Kellcnv’i to enable the Trustees in the Will of Thomas Kellow Estate.

Gentleman, deceased, to fell the Rectory Impropriate of Berwick St, James, in the County of Wills, for the Payment of his Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Hooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Alderman Perry presented to the House, accord- Preservation ingto Order, a Bill for the better preserving all such of Ships, and Goods thereof, which shall happen to be Shipwrecks, forced on Shore, or stranded, upon the Coasts of this Kingdom, or any other of his Majesty s Dominions: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act pjtt»f for Sale-of the Manor and capilal Messuage of Swallow* Estate.

field, late the Estate of Thomas Pitt Esquire, deceased; and for purchasing another Estate, to he settled to the Uses of his Will, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Polwarth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Talbot'i to enable Trustees, during the respective Minorities of Enates. George Talbot Esquire, and his younger Brothers, to grans Leases of the Estates of the said Infants in the Counties of Salop, Worcester, Berks, Chester, Stafford,

Oxford, and Wilts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Lyttelton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Frankland, Mr. Oglethorpe\ Mr. JW such Ord, Lord Andover, Mr. Holland, Mr. George Fox, and Park Road. Brigadier Murray, he added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, living in or near the Road between a Place calledNone such and Worcester Parks, in the County of Surry7 is referred.

An

io Geo. II. a2° Jprilis.

H Tifrrr?, An ingrossed Dill for repairing the Roads from Hert-Dr.-iuo. ford-bridge-hill to the Town of Basingstoke, in the

ic- heads, c ounty of Southampton; and also the Road from the Sign of the Phoenix, in the Parish of Hartley Whitney, to the Town of Odiham, in the said County, was read the Third time.

llcfolvrd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he. An Act for repairing t In* Road from Her tford-bridge-hill to the Town of Basingstoke; and also the Road from Lcrtfoid-bridge-hill aforesaid to the Town of Odiham, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That the Lord Hurrjj Pawlett do carry the Bill to the I-orda, and desire their Concurrence.

Dudley’* An ingrossed Bill from the Ix>rds, intituled, An Act ijutc. for inrolling of certain Indentures of I^ease and Release executed by Sir William Dudley, and Dame Elizabeth his Wife; and for making the Exemplification and attested Copies of such Indentures, and also of an Act of Parliament, and certain Articles of Agreement therein referred to, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Ireland; was read the Eirft time*

Be/ohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ken-oviftfr Ordered, That Sir Miles Slapylton, Sir Robert Grof-1Mb re nor, Mr. Taylor, Mr. WodehouJ'e, and Mr. Hoare,

UUuillwry. *° the Committee, to whom the Petition of

Jordan Langdale, of Cliff in the County of York, is referred.

Far! of

W .1 c

Liuuc.

b«»r«u,^u

lmlilurc.

Strymimri'a

Limit*.

Wors!t»y Hiuok.

Koval Assent to BiiU.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thurston, and Mr. But ro u of is:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the FJlate of Daniel late Earl of Winchel-J'ea and N ottingham, deceased, for P,. vm» nt of Debts, and Incumbrances charged upon and atfccting the lame, and fr other Purposes therem mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

I he Lords have parted n Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing ami inclosing certain open and common Fields within the Lordfh ip and Parish of Stailingborough, in the County of Line:In: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Guardians of Antony Langley Suymmer, an Infant, to join in making of Leafrs of certain Mines in the County of Flint, with the other Owners thereof, during the Minority of the said Iuhint: To which the Lords desire ihe Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Dill, intituled, An Act for making navigable the River or Brook called Worjley Brook, from Worjley Mill, in the Township of Worjley, in the County Palatine of Lane aj ter, to the River Invell, in the said County, without any Amendment.

And then the Alcfle tigers withdrew.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers; and that his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Dills following; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thou fa ml Seven hundred and Thirty-seven: An Act to mak?.' perpetual an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the infamous Practice of Stockjobbing:

An Act for the better repairing and paving the Highways, Streets, and \Vatercourses,\vithin the City of Neiv Vol. 22.

Sarum; and forenlightenthg th^ Streets, jLanes, and Passages, and better regulating the Nightly Watch, within the said City:

An Act for inlarging the TerAi granted by ad Aftj passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repAir-ing several Roads, therein mentioned, leading into the City of Worcesteri and for repairing several other Roads lying contiguous to the fame; and for reducing the Toll t)r Duties granted on Sheep and I^ambs, by the said Act: An Act for making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, one of the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick:

An Act to impower the Justices of the Peace for tfte County of Bucks to raise Money todischarge the Debts incurred on account of building a Gaol and Courtrooms, and for finishing the fame, for the Use of the County:

An Act for Continuing an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for laying a Dut y of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale or, Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dumfries, and Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and for building a Church, and making a Harbour, there; and for laying a Duty on the Tonage of Shipping, and a Duty on Goods imported and exported into and out of the Port of the said Towli, for the better Repairing of the said Harbour:

An Act for making navigable the River or Brook called Worjley Brook, from Worjley Mill, in the Township of Worjley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the River Irxccll, in the said County:

An Act for Sale of the capital Messuage of Gunnerf-bun/, and other I-ands and Hereditaments, late the Iiftate of Sir John Maynard Knight, Serjeant at Law; and for pnrehafing another Estate, to Le settled to the Uses of his Will:

An Act for Sale of a certain Leasehold Estate of Thomas Cook Esquire, in the County of Gloucester-, and for settling feme Freehold and Copyhold Estates of Inheritance, of greater value, to the same uses, in lieu thereof;

An Act to enable tiieTrufieesand Testamentary Guardians named in the Will of Thomas lle/keth, late of Rafford, in the County of Lancaster, Esquire, deceased, to perform the fame; and make Leases for Lives, in his settled Estate, for paying his Debts during his Son’s Minority, in ease of an Eltato deviled by him to be sold: An Act for inclosing and dividing certain Common Pasture Grounds called Burton Common, and Pinion Sloake Common, within the Parish of Purton, otherwise Puritan, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for enabling Sir Jacob Des Bouverie Baronet, and John Des Bouverie Esquire, and their respective Issue, and Elizabeth Des Bouverie, Siller of the said John, to take and use the Surname of Bouverie, pursuant to the Desire of Jacob Des Bouverie Esquire, and Sir Christopher Des Bouverie, deceased:

An Act to enable John Harvey Esquire, now called John Thurjby, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Thurjby, in pursuance of the Will of William Thurjby Esq u i re, deceased:

An Act to enable the Trustees in the Will of Thomas Kelloio Gentlemen, decea fed, to fell the Rectory Impropriate of Berwick St. James, in the County of Wilts, for the Payment of his Debts:

An Act to enable Trustees during the respective Minorities of George Talbot Esquire, and his younger Brothers, to grant Leases of the Estates of the said Infants in the Counties of Salop, Worcester, Berks, Chester, Stafford, Oxford, and I hits:

An Act for Sale of the Manor and capital Messuage of Szeailozcfield, late the Eltateof Thomas Pitt Esquire, deceased; and for purchasing another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Will:

An

86o

A. 1737.

An Act for naturalizing Godfrey Wichelhaufen, John Francis Noppe, John Stephen Majfon, Thonyas Bar baud, apd John IjiUmaii.

Motion for reading Orders of the I>*y,

Flint

Ele&ioru

A Motion was made, ^tnd ;^lie Q^ftion Lfing put, That the Orders of the pay be npw re^<jl;

The House divided.

The l^foes \vent forth.

*» t‘e

So it yva$ resolved in t^ie Affirmative.

And the farpe being re^d accordingly;

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Sir John Qlynne Baronet, conip Ini n-ing of an undue El eft i o n pod Return for the Borough of Flint, in the County of Flint, be further adjourned ti]l Tuesday Morning next.

227.

150.

Persons Refolded, That this House wiJJ, upon Wednesday

nTdif^ Mqrning nexjt, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing an Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed Persons going armed in Disgiufe, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Jiajc^v’s SuJjjtfis; and for the npore spepdy bringing the Offender^ to Jjustice; and for continuing Two Cfanfes to prevept the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or $ea Bank, and to prevent the malicious Cutting of Hop-binds, contained in an Act

Salfed i,u the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s

ejgri.

Mr. Hacks, Mr. Huxley, Mr, Longueville, Mr. Eliott, Mr. Hay, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Cwjar, Mr. Vyner, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Bold, Mr. Edwards, Sir James Grant, Lord Baltimore, Mr. LechmeresSir Win. Clayton, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Bathurjt, Sir Francis Child, Dr. Butler, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Cojler, Sir Charles Turner, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Archer, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Rozvney, Sir Chr. Powell, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Walker,. Mr. Bance, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Iiit-ton, Mr. Boxvcs; and all the Members who serve for the County of Kent, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Au ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Daniel late Earl of Winchelsea and Nottingham, deceased, for Payment of Debts and Incumbrances charged upon and affecting the feme, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, yvas read the First time.

Refblved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Isham be added ro the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for making the Chapel, in the Hamlet of Abthorpe and Foxcoate, in the Parish of Towcester, in the County of Northampton, a Parish Church, and for appointing a District or Parish thereto; and for enabling the Matter of the Free Grammar School, within the said Hamlet of Abthorpe and Foxcoate, to b^ Vicar of the said Parish Church.

Ear! of

YYiuchdfea'*

Eltaie.

Abthorpe

Church.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- An ingrossed Bill to enable the present and future Red Lyoa

tad Mean*, ing next, resolve itself into g Committee of the whole Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Houses in Red- Square lm«

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for Lyon-square, in the County of Middlesex, to make a provem*u

raising the Supply granted tq his Majesty. Rate 011 themselves, for railing Money sufficient to in-

dole, pave, watch, clean, and adorn the said Square,

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- re^d the Third time.

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole An Amendment was proposed to be made to the House, to consider further of the Supply granted to Bill:

his Majesty. ' Press 4. Line last. After the Word "present," to in-

fert " at the making Inch Rates or Assessments Supply Bill; Sir John Barnard presented to the House, according And the feme was, upon the Question put there-Redempuon to Order, a Bill for redeeming all the public Funds upon> agreed to by the House: And the Bill was

Cent. Fuads, redeemable by Law, which carry an I titered of Four amended at the Table accordingly.

Pounds per Centum per Annum; or converting the Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title

fame, with Consent of the Proprietors, into a lei’s In- ^e, An Act to enable the present and future Proprie-terest Or Annuity, not redeemable till after the Time tors ami Inhabitants of the Houses in Red Lyon-square, therein to be mentioned: And the feme was received. *n lhe County of Middlesex, to make a Rate on them-Ordered, That Sir John Barnard have Leave to selves, for raising Money sufficient to inclose, pave, make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock. watch, clean, and adorn the said Square.

And he moved the House accordingly: And, Ordered, That Mr. Lijle do carry the Bill to the

The said Bill was read the First time. Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Resolved, That the Hill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time Mr. Alderman Parsons presented to the House, ac- Improving upon this Day Seyennight. cording to Order, a Bill for the better regulating the boiwlou

Nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the City of Lon- lreet*

And then the House adjourned till Monday don, and Liberties thereof; and for making more Morning next. Nine of the Clock. effectual the Laws now in being for paving and cleans-

ing the Streets and Sewers in and about the said City:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Aniiigrofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mountin' to enable Edward Mountfort, and his Ilfue Male by Nain* Mary his now Wife, to take and use the Surname of sum«fe’s A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Grosvenor, was read a Second time.

Estates. f\ for establ idling and confirming a Partition of the Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Leveson EstatesofSir Robert Furnefe Baronet, deceased, among Gower, Sir Waller Bagot, Mr. Mostyn, Mr. For, Mr. his Three Daughters and Coheirs; and for settling their Harley, Lord Polwarth, Mr. Williams, Mr. Hume several specific Shares and Allotments to such Uses as Campbell, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Banks, their several undivided Third Parts thereof stood li- Sir f ranch Boynfon. Sir Edmund I/ham, Mr. Wodeholife, mited before such Partition, and for other Purposes Dr. Lee, Mr."Huxley, Lord Cornhury, Mr. Rozvney, Sir therein mentioned, was read a Second time. Jer. Drivers, Mr. Fane, Mr. Pruby, Mr. Cuningham,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gyb- Mr. Stewart, Sir Francis Child, Sir Nathanael Curzon9 bon. Mr. Lijle, Mr. Knight, Lord Limerick, Sir Na* Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bold, Sir Charles Mor-ihanael Curzon, Lord Polwarth, Mr. Fox, Mr. Mostyn, daunt ', Mr. Archer, Sir James Grant, Sir Geo. Cajwall,

22 Mr.

Luncey 25° die Aprilis; Anno 10° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1737. Prayers.

I.c-Il’i

hftate.

Suynmer'i

Juute.

Shakerley *s

FiUt«.

St. Andrew Hoi born

Nij'htl) Watch, &c.

Stall ing-borougti Inclosure.

io Geo. II. 25 0 Apri861

Mr. Thomas Archer, Mr. Coster, Mr* Neale, Sir Thomas within the Lordship and Parish of Stallingborough, in Aston, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Earle, Dr. Butler, Lord the County of Lincoln, was read the First time.

Noel Sorncrjet. Mr. Cafar, Sir Nicolas Williams, Mr. Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Vyner, Mr. Hacks, Ijord Morpeth, Mr. Lechmue, Sir

Edmund Bacon, Mr. O'o/v, Mr. Corbet, Dr. Cotes\ and A Petition of the Commissioners, or Governors and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Directors, of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, Laticaster, and Salop: And they are to meet this After- whole Names are thereunto iuhscribed, was prefnted to noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber. the House, and read; fettin* forth, That by an Act,

made in the Eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Rci^n, An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and to enable Peter Lcgh, of Lyme, Esquire, to make a p re lent Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainder of James Settlement on his Nephew Peter Legh the younger, and late Earl of Darwentwater, and Charles Huc/iffc, the his Ifl'uc Male, preferable to his own Issue Male; and to said Estates were vested (with the Appropriation of the enable h» laid Nephew, and other Tenants for Life, to Rents and Profits thereof for the (Jfeof the said Holjiital) make Jointures and Provilinns for Daughters und younger in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in their politick Sons, in the Lite time of the said Peter Ixgh the elder, Capacity; which, in Consideration of Law, never dying, and with his Content; was read a Second time. it may create a Doubt whether the Tenants of the said

Rvfohed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bold, Estates ought to do such Acts and Services, and pay such Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Cartwright, Lord Harry Fines and Sums of Money, on the Death of his present Poulctt, Sir Geo. Cake all, Mr. Lougucville, Admiral Majesty, or any future King or Queen of this Realm, Stcuart, Ix>ril Sundon, Mr. Hudiry, Mr. Tracey, Mr, as, by the Tenure of their Estates, they ought to do. Turner, Mr. Ilucks, Ms. Corbett, Sir James Campbell, perform, and pay, on the Death of any Lord, being a Mr. li at. IT ms. Wynne, Mr. Blackett, Mr. Hilton, Mr. Subject; and that there are growing, on the said Estates, Mostyn, Mr. Lcchmcre, Sir Walla* Bagot, Mr. Lev. large Quantities of Timber, which, if fold, might raise Ucu'cr, Dr. Lee, Mr Shippen, Sir Miles Stapylton, Lord a couliderable Part of the Money with which the said Noel Somerset, Mr. Rowney, Sir Edmund Bacon, Dr. Estates are uow incumbered, and be otherwise a Benefit Butler, Mr. Dig by, Mr. lane, Mr. Hanbury Wiliams, to the said Hospital; but, by leafon of iome Doubts Lord Gage, Lord Polwarth; and all the Members who touching the Method to be taken far the Sale or Cutting serve for the Counties of Chest a' and Lancaster: And of the said Timber, such Sales, or other Benefit thereof

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in have beeu prevented; and that the Court of Exchequer

the Speaker’s Chamber. having a Power, by the said Act, to give Directions for the Sale of the Inheritance of such Parts of the said Estates An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act charged with the respective Mortgages and Incumbrances to enable the Guardians of Antony Langtsy Sxcymmer, an in the said Act mentioned, as should be sufficient to dif-Infaut, to join in making of Lcufcs ol certain Mines in the charge the fame, the rest of the said Estates, or same of ( ounty of Flint, with the other Ow ners thereof during the them, which, are not so charged, will, by reason of their Minority of the said Inlant, was read the First time. lying intermixed with the Estates of other Persons, or

J\cfulved. That the bill be read a Second time. otherwise, be more convenient to be sold for that Purpose,

than such of the Premises which are so charged, or ibule A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and of them; and that no Lease can be made of any Part of

Mr. Thomas bennet: the Premises, by the Authority of the said Act, with a

Mr. Speaker, Power to commit Waste; and that within the said Estates

The Lords have pa fled a Bill, intituled, An Act to are contained several Mines of Lead, Coal, and other enable Peter Shakerley and George Shakerley, Sons of Minerals, as well opened as not opened, for the Working George Shakerley Esquire, to make suitable Jointures for whereof it will be necessary to do several Acts which may their Wives, and Provision for their Daughters and younger be deemed Waste; which Mines, if effectually wrought, Sons, out of the Estates of the said George Shakerley the will tend very much to the Benefit of the said Hospital; Father, lying in the Counties otChester and Lancaster: and that several of the Tenants, within several of the To which the Lords dehre the Concuireuce of this House. Manors lb forfeited and vested, refuse to produce the And then the Mcfieiigers w ithdrew. Articles of Indenture, Deed, or Writing, now or late in the

Custody or Power of feme of them, in which the Fines,

A Bill for the better regulating the nightly Watch, Customs, and Services, under which they hold their and Beadles, within the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn Farms and Estates, are ascertained; which, if produced, ab^vc the Bars, and Liberty of Saffron-hill, Hatton- might be a means to prevent Disputes, and be for the garden, and Ely-rails, w as read a Second time. common Quiet and Benefit as well of the Lord as Tenants

Rejoiced, Tiiiit the Bill be committed to Sir Francis thereof; and that it may be a considerable time before Child, Mr. Tyner, Mr. Alderman Pary, Mr. Price, the said Mortgages and Incumbrances can be discharged,

Sir George Cqfwall, Admiral Steu'Oi't, Mr. Watts, Mr. by Sale of a competent Part of the Premises for that Turner, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Hacks, Sir Charles Purpose; and that the Interest of the Principal Money Mor daunt, Mr. Bold, Mr. Robert Harley, Mr May, due thereon is partly at the Rate of Five Pounds, and Mr. Bramston, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Coster, Sir Chr. partly at the Rate of Six Pounds, for One hundred Powell, Mr. Ongtey, Mr. Bathui'st, Mr. Longueville, Sir Pounds, for a Year; and it will be a Benefit to the said Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Lockwood, Sir Jams Grant, Hospital, to have the said Money at a less Rate: And Mr. Thompson, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Brereton, Sir Wm. therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in Clayton, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Knight, Mr. Archer, Mr. a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid. and giving such Sandys, Mr. Hume Campbell, Lord Polwarth, Lord Belief in the Premises as to the House shall feera meet. Limerick, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Earls, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s

Mr. Fox, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Scawtn, Mr. Kymston, Mr. Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, Harper, Mr. Digby, Sir Francis Boynton, Lord Gage, Sir having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, Thomas Saunderson, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Pollen, Sir James gives his Consent, that the House may do therein as they Campbell; and all the Members who serve for the County shall think fit.

of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at The House was moved, That so much of the said Act, Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber. us relates to the Sale of Part of the said forfeited Estates,

for diiehtrging Incumbrances, might be read:

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act And the same being read accordingly: for dividing and inclosing certain open and coxamon Fields

Vol, 22. 10 K Ordered\

Derwenrwater

Estates.

Regulating

Watermen,

&c.

Importation cf Iron from America.

2'S

A. 1736.

862

Ordered, That 'Leave be given so bring a Bill ‘ for explaining and amending an Act, %-of the Eighth’ Year -of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,5 ;An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James* late Earl of Derwent-water, and Charles Rdtcliff'e:* Add that Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Holden, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Byng, do prepare, and bring in, the Tame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee to whom the Bill for regulating the Company* of Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, rowing on the River Thames, between Grave fend, in the County of Kent, and Windfor, in the County of Berks, in regard to their taking Apprentices, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to prevent the endangering the Lives of, and other Mischiefs to, Passengers who are carried in Tilt-boats, Deck*b6ats, Row-barges, Ferryboats, and other Boats and Wherries.

A Petition of tile leverstl Gentlemen, Proprietors of Iron -Works and Woodlands; as kllb Freeholders, Landholders, and- Tanners, and divers Miners, Carriers* Woodcutters, Charcoal-holfiets, Workmen, and Labourers, in the County of Gloucester, whose ^Namies are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of thdmselves, and* Thoul&nds of others; and also,’ - -

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Owners and Proprietors of Iron Works, Whod-lands, and Coppices, as also Landholders, Tanners, Wood-cutters, poor Workmen, and Labourers, in the County of Monmouth, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of therof. Ives, and many others; and also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Fanners, and others, in the County of Stafford; &nd also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Owners and Proprietors of Iron Works, Wood-lhnds, and Coppices, as also Landholders, Tanners, Wood-cutters, poor Workmen, and Labourers, in the County of Hereford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Importation of great Quantities of Bar Iron into Great Britain from foreign Parts; whereby the Iron Works have, for several Years last past, lain under very great Hardships; and a Stop has, in a great measure, been put to the Making of Iron in this Nation; and many Furnaces and Forges are now- either unemployed, or do not make above Half the Quantity of Iron they did formerly; by which the Demand for Wood is so far obstructed, that the Petitioners cannot dispose of the fame, notwithstanding the Price Wood now fells-for is but little more than Half what they did formerly; and representing to the House the bad Consequences of discouraging the said Iron Works; which, if disused, Coppices (the Nurseries of Oak Timber, for the Support of our Navy, and kept up chiefly for the Support of the said Iron Works with Cord-wood, as also Bark for the Tanning Trade) must be grubbed up, and converted to other Purposes: And therefore praying, That such further Duty may be laid upon foreign Iron imported, or such other Encouragement given to the Proprietors of Iron Works and Woods of this Kingdom, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Report from the , Committee to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Ironmongers of this Kingdom, in behalf of themselves, and many others trading to his Majesty s Plantations in America, and the several other Petitions relating to the , Manufacture of Iron, were referred.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report;

Ordered, That the several Accounts and Papers presented to this House, which were referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Ironmongers of this Kingdom, in behalf of themselves, and many others trading to his Majesty’s Plantations in America, and the several other Petitions relating to the Manufacture of Iron, were referred, be referred to this Committee.

Ordered, That , the Copy of the Representation from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to the House of Lords, pursuant to his Majesty’s Orders, upon their Addresses of the First and Fifth of April 1734, relating to the State of the British Islands in America, with regard to their Trade, their Strength, and Fortifications, and to what may be further necessary for the Encouragement of their Trade, and Security of those Islands; as likewise to such Encouragements as may be necessary to engage the Inhabitants of the British Colonies on the Continent in America to apply their industry to the Cultivation of Naval Stores of all kinds, and of such other Products as may be proper for the Soil of the said Colonies, and do not interfere with the Trade or Produce of Great Britain; presented to the House the Twenty-seventh- Day of March -ij35; be referred to this Committee.

Ordered, That the Translation of the Treaty of Commerce between his Majesty and her Czarith Majesty, concluded at Petersburg, 2d December 1734, presented to the House the Twenty-fourth Day of March 1735, he referred to this Committee.

Ordered, That the Account Of what Quantity of Woollen Manufactures of England has been exported to JRuffia, from Christmas 1729 to Christmas 1734> distinguishing each Year, presented to the House the Nineteenth Day of Febniary 1735, be referred to this Commiitee. ‘

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

; Mi. Alderman Perry took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir. Alderman Perry reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, ait Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Report from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Ironmongers of this Kingdom, in behalf of themselves, and many others trading to his Majesty’s Plantations in America, and the several other Petitions relating to the Manufacture of Iron, were referred.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Westminster ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole BnJSe-House, upon the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Ninth’Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the New Palace-yard, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry. . 1

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Poor Relief ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole &f* House, upon the Bill for the belter Relief and Employment of the Poor.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Punifo-ng ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual punching f* on Rogues and V agabonds, and for the better Relief of such poor Persons as are therein mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- Wav?

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Meai

House,

4

io Geo. II. 250 — 2 6 $6$

sopp'y-

Shaker!* *s Jointure*.

Abtfcorpe

Phrish

Chuch.

k*lpiJatitiR

Wstenutii,

Ac.

Sony. Kc. Roads.

Dudley > Estate.

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Refilled, That thi* House will, upon IVcdncfday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Watkin Wins. Wynne have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Six of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A fit to enable Peter Shakerky and George Shakertey, Sons of George Shaker Icy Esquire, to make suitable Jointures for their Wives, and Provision for their Daughters and younger Sons, out of the Eliates of the said George Shakerley the Fatter, lying in the Counties of Chester and Lancaster^ w as read die First time.

Refilled, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Marti sy 26° die Apr Hit;

Anno 10° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1737.

Prat f. n s.

MR. Cartwright presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making the Chapel, in the Hamlet of Ahthorpe and Foxcoatc, in the Parish of Tuw* cester, in the County of Northampton, a Parish Church, and for appointing a District. or Parish thereto; and for enabling the Mailer of the Free Grammar School, uitiiin the said Hamlet of Ahthorpe and Foxcoau, to be Vicar of the find Parish Church: And the same wfis received; and read the First time.

Refilled, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir James Grant, Mr. Yates} Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. loch/er, Captain Gough, Sir Wm. Clayton, Captain Marty tu Mr. Ojbatdeston, Mr. By ere ton, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex and Kent, and for the Cinque Ports, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for regulating the Company of Watermen, Whcrrymcn, and Lightermen, rowing on the River Thames, between Grave find, in the County of Kent and // indfor, in the County of Berks, in regard to their taking Apprentices, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Harvey be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for explaining and amending, and making more effectual, several Acts of Parliament, made in the Fourth, Sixth, and Tenth Years of the lteign of his late Majesty King George the First, respectively, for repairing and amending the several Itoads, therein mentioned, in the Counties of Surry, Kent, and Sussex, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Inrolling of certain Indentures of Lease and Release, executed by Sir Hilliam Dudley, and Dame Elizabeth his Wife; and for making the Exemplification and attested Copies of such Indentures, and also of an Act of Parliament, and certain Articles of Agreement therein referred to, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Ireland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bathurst, Lord Pohcarth, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Pollen, Lord Gage, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Hume Campbell, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Archer, Mr. Ben. Bathurst. Mr. Byng, Sir Miles St apy I ton. Sir Wm. Courtenay, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Tyner, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Alderman Perry, Sir James Grant, Mr. Rutherford, Mr. Fail, Mr. Yorke, Sir Nathanael Curzon, SirWin. Wyndham, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Corbet, Mr. CroJJe, Mr. Mostyn, Sir Geo. Cajkall, Mr. Walker, Vol, 22.

Mr. Holden, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Powis, Sir Chr. Powell,

Mr. Peter Bathurst, Mr. Longueville, Sir Janies Campbell, Mr. Wat Wins. Wynne, Mr. Bonce, Mr. Hay, Lord Limerick, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Guidott: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the better preferring all such Ships* and Prefemtion Goods thereof, which shall happen to be forced on Shore, of . or stranded, upon the Coasts of this Kingdom, or any ipwwj s* other of his Majesty’s Dominions, was read a Second time.

Re/bhed, That the Bill be committed.

Refoived\ That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hotford and Mr.

Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Rector of confirming an Aercement between the Rector of the Jt; ’ Parish Church of St. Mary Woolnoth, and of the united lee- Parishe3 of Saint Mary Woolnoth and St. Mary Wool- menu church, in the City of Ixmdon, and the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of the said City, with the Conb nt of the Patron and Ordinary, for the Grant of a Parcel of Ground, therein mentioned, lying in Stocks Market, to the said Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens, in Consideration of a Rent of Ten Pounds a Year, payable to the said Rector, and his Successors for ever:. To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And alii),

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to On^lcy’s, eftahliih an Agreement made by the Devifces of Sir Sa- *c-

muel Ongley Knight, deceased, with Sir Roger Hudson atC" Knight, for the Sale of Two Messuages on the EalLSide of Bishopgat e-street, in the City of London; and for the Purchase of Two Messuages on the North Side of Thread-needle-street, in the said City, with Part of the Money arising from the said Sale; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, r

The Lords having under their Consideration tjte au- Lord* deCre thentick Extract of the Proceedings in the T ryal of Captain f,r 1

John Porteous, their Lordships do desire this House will give Leave, that Duncan Forbes Esquire, his Majesty’s Advocate for Scotland; Charles Arejkine Esquire, Solicitor General for Scotland; and John Drummond Esquire

Members of this House; may attend the House of Lords, touching the same, when desired.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Arejkine, and Mr. Drummond, being present, severally stood up in their Places, and declared, That they were willing, with the teave of the House, to go to the House of Lords, as is desired by their Lordships, in the said Message.

Resolved, That Duncan Forbes Esquire, his Majesty’s Advocate for Scotland; Charles Arejkine Esquire, Solicitor General for Scotland; and John Drummond Esquire;

Members of this House; have Leave to go to the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships, in their said Message, if the said Members think fit.

And the Messengers were again called in: And Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Onriey’s, to establish an Agreement made by the Devisees of Sir Samuel Ongley Knight, deceased, with Sir Roger Hudson atc* Knight, for the Sale of Two Messuages on the East Side of Bishopgat e-street, in the City of London; and for the Purchase of Tw o Messuages on the North Side of Thivad-needle-street, in the said City, with Part of the Money arising from the said Sale; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill beread a Seco nd tim.

The

864 266‘ — 2f A. 1737.

Flint The House, according to Order, proceeded to the

Election. fqrther Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Sir John Glynnt Baronet* complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Flint, in the County of Flint.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member examined several Witnessep, and produced Evidence, in order to justify the Votes of several other Persons, who voted for the Sitting Member at the said Ele&iun, and whom the Counsel for the Petitioner had endeavoured to disquality.

Then they examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to qualify several Persons, who. offered to vote for the Sitting. Member qt the said Election, and were refused by tlije lieturning Officers: And also,

Examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify several Persons who voted for the Petitioner at the said Election. . /

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered That the further Hearing of the Matter of / the said Petition he adjourned till Thursday Morning pext.,

The ©thter Order of the Day being read;

Removing ' Refblved, That this 'House will, upon Thursday -Morning tv? t hext, fefolve itfdf into a Committee of the whole House, Outlawry. y upon to enable Jordan Langdale, of Off, in the County of York, to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Outlawry; and to remove any Dif-schility in him, by reason of his said Outlawry, to take or inherit any real or personal Eliate that may or shall hereafter ciefcend or come to hhn.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriij 270 die Aprilis;

Anno io* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1737.

Prayers.

Kevwue r| H E House being informed, that Mr. Parsons, appropriated .1 Comptroller General of the Customs attended at gpublicl she J)oor;

e HevVas called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the

House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the several Duties of Customs in England appropriated to pay the Principal and interest Of the publick Debts provided for by Parliament, for Five Years, to Christmas 1735; distinguishing each Year and each Duty, and to what Part of the publick Debts each Duty itands appropriated, with the several Acts. of , - Parliament by which the said Duties stand appropriated.

And then he withdrew'.;

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

St. oiave Mr. Robert Hacks reported from the Committee to Southwark whorp the Bill for rebuilding the Church of the Parish of Church. St.Olave, in the City of London, and in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had direiSed.him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: "Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fe\’erally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House.

And some Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. 1

Ordered, That Sir John Hind Cotton, Sir Cordell Fire- Colchester brace, Mr. Suttleworth, Mr. Compton% Mr. Kynaston, Streets.

Mr. Trefujis, Sir Charles Mordaunt, and Mr. Wodehouse, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the better cleaning, paving, repairing, and enlightening the Streets and Lanes in the Town of Colchester, in the County of Essex; and for appointing a regular Watch within the said Town; is committed.

The Lord Baltimore reported from the Committee te Nonesuch whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, and others, Park Hoad, living in or near the Road between a Place called None-such and Worcester Parks, in the County of Surry, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred.. That the

Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it jn at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is..as follows; viz.

The Committee have, purfoant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations, the Petitioners called,

Thomas Bafemore, Robert Bird\ and Bartholomezc Hill, each of them aged 80 Years, and upwards: Who, being severally examined, said, That they have known the Road between Nonesuch and Worcester Parks, in the Parish of Cuddington, upwards of 50 Years; which is now become so ruinous, that, Eight Months in the Year, Coaches and heavy Carriages cannot travel that Way; and that the Laws in Force, for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, are not sufficient to amend, and keep the said Road in good Repair, for the Accommodation of Travellers, without some further Provision be made for that Purpose.

And they further said, That, in dry Summers, the Leather head, Epsom, and other Waggons, frequently go that Road, it being Three Miles nearer from those Parts to London, than the Road they now use.

And they also feverdlly laid, That they never knew or heard any Obstruction had been given to Passengers,

Coaches, or Waggons, who travel that Rqad; but the feme was always taken to be a publick Highway.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee to whom the Bill for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, several Acts of Parliament, made in the Fourth, Sixth, and Tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty KingGeo?^ the First, respectively, for repairing and amending the several Roads, therein mentioned, in the Counties of Surry, Kent, and Suffix, is committed,

That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for repairing the Road between a Place called Nonesuch and Worcester Parks, in the Parish of Cuddington, in the County of Surry.

The Lord Gage reported from the Committee to whom Removing the Petition of Jordan Langdale, of Cliff', in the County kangdis of York, presented to the House upon Thursday lait, was r

referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter u "r of Fa& coutaiued in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Matter of Fa6t stated in the said Petition:

And, in order thereto,

Mr. Wm. Stourtm, Brother-in-law to Mr. Langdale, was called; Who acquainted the Committee, That the Estates called Houghton, Elton, South Cliffe, and North Cave, North Cliff, Holme, Everingham, and Weight on, all in the County of York, are the only Estates that ever 16 were

io Geo. II.

37° ylprilis.

865

tvere in tjhe family of the Petitioner, or that the Peti- Estates are subject to the several Incumbrances, and tionerhasany Expectation of: That the Estate of Hough- annual Outgoings, herein after mentioned; that is to ton is worth £. 296. 14s. 8d. per Annum; that of Etton, say. By a.Settlement bearing Date November the 17th,

£.80. os. od. ithat of No7'th Cave, £.21. 12s. 4^.5 that 1702, which is referred to in the said Deed, declaring of South Cliff, £. 324, 16s. od.; that of North Cliff, the Uses of the Recovery, the said Estates are subjected £.2. os. od.; that of Holme, £. 1. os. od.; that' of to the Payment of £. 30per Annum each to the Daugh* Everingham and Weighton, £. o. igs. od.; the Whole ters and younger Sons of the said Marmaduke Langdale-, amounting, together, to £. 737. as. od. per Annum. and it appeared. That the said Marmaduke left no Sons,

He then produced an Exemplification of a common' but only Two Daughters, namely, Anne and Dorothy,

Recovery of Hillaiy Term, 11 th of Queen Anne, where- who are now living, and intitled to the several Annuities in Thomas Elleker and William Tennijon are Demand- ofj£. 30 a Year a-piece.

ants, and Thomas Gill Tenant; Philip Langdale Ef- It further appeared by the said last mentioned Deed, quire is Vouchee, who vouches, Marmaduke Langdale That the said Marmaduke had a Power thereby to Gentleman, Jordan Langdale, and Joseph Langdale, of charge the said Estates, by any Writing or Writings to the Manors of Houghton and South Cliff and other be by him subscribed and sealed, in the Presence of Two Lands, with the Appurtenances, in Houghton and or more credible Witnesses, or by his last Will, in Writ-South Cliff, and North Cliff, Weighlon, Holme, Spalding, ing, to be subscribed and attested as aforesaid, with the Moore, Everingham, Etton, and North Cave; and also Payment of£. 1,000.

a Settlement, dated September the 10th, 1712, which It further appeared, that the said Marmaduke Lang-he said he had from Mr. Langdale, and had had for dale, by Indenture, bearing Date the 16th of March Three or Four Years in his Hand, between Philip 1712, in pursuance of his Power, did charge the said Langdale Esqmre, Marmaduke Langdale, Jordan Lang* Premises with £. 1,000 for his said Two Daughters, dale, Philip Langdale, and Joseph Langdale, of the First Anne and Dorothy.

Part; and John Ellerker and Thomas Gill, of the Se- It further appeared by the said Settlement, 17th No-cond Part; and Thomas Eller ker and Wm. Tennison, vember 1702, that the said Philip Langdale had a Power on the Third Part; which was read; whereby it ap- to grant the said Manor of South Cliff which appeared peared. That the Uses of the said Recovery were de- to the Committee to be of the yearly Value of £. 324, dared to be limited, as to the Manor of Houghton, to 16s. for a Term of 21 Years, to commence after his Trustees therein named, for the Term of 200 Years for Death, reserving only the yearly Rent of£. 131. 5s . raising £. 2,500 for younger Childrens Portions, as It further appeared, that the said Philip died some therein is mentioned; and, subject to the said Term, to time in or about the Month of September 1728; and the Use of Marmaduke Langdale, for Life, without Im- that, before his Death, by Indenture of Lease, bearing peachment of Waste; with Remainder to Trustees, to Date March the 15th 1711, the said Philip did demise support the Contingent Remainders therein limited; and grant to the Right honourable Marmaduke Lord with Remainder to his First and other Sons, successively, Langdale, and the honourable Marmaduke Langdale, in Tail Male; with Remainder to Jordan Langdale the Son and Heir apparent of the said Lord Langdale, Sir Petitioner, for Life, without Impeachment of Waste; Marmaduke Constable, Sir Walter Vavafor, Sir Hugh with Remainder to Trustees, to support contingent Re- Smithson, Robert Dolman Esquire, Peter Vavafor Ef-mainders; with Remainder to his First and other Sons, quire, and Marmaduke Palms Gentleman, all his successively, in Tail Male; withdivers Remainders over: Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in South Cliff,

Astothe Residue of the Estates comprised in the said Re- except a Farpi called Indufry, of the yearly Value of covery, it appeared. That the same were limited to the £. 22. ios. and except one other Tenement, with Half said Philip Langdale for Life, without Impeachment of an Oxgang of- Land, purchased of Robert Gordon,

Waste; with Remainder to Trustees therein named, for and Ruth his Daughter, to hold for 21 Years, from the 99 Years, upon Trust, for securing the Payment of fe- Death of the said Philip Langdale, at the yearly Rent veral Annuities and Sums of Money therein particularly of £.131. 5 s.; which is still subsisting. mentioned and referred to; that is to say, £. 30 a Year Upon the Whole, it appeared by the Evidence of to Jordan Langdale the Petitioner, for Life, and to raise the said Mr. Stourton, and of the Deeds produced,

£. 400 for him the said Jordan, and £.600 for the That the yearly value of all the Petitioners Estate is Two Daughters of the said Philip, Bridget, and Dorothy, £.737. 2 s. od.; and that the annual Outgoings amounts namely, £.300 a-piece; and likewise to secure the to£. 638. 17s. 6d., besidesRepairs, Charges, Manage-Payment of the several other Annuities following, ment, and accidental Loss, and besides the Annuity of namely. To Joseph Langdale and Ursula Langdale, who £. 30 a Year payable to the Petitioner; which, being are the Children of the said Philip Langdale by his Se- deducted out of the said^.737. is. od. there remains cond Wife, and still living, £. 30 a Year a-piece during only£.98. 45*. 6d. for the Support of the Petitioner, and their respective Lives; and, subject to the same Term, his Family.

to the Use of the said Marmaduke Langdale, for Life, Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the

without Impeachment of Waste; with Remainder to Consideration of the Committee of the whole House,

Trustees, to support contingent Remainders; with to whom the Bill to enable Jordan Langdale, of Cliff,

Remainder to the First and other Sons of the said Mar- in the County of York, to sue, or maintain any Action maduke, successively, in Tail Male; with Remainder to or Suit, notwithstanding his Outlawry; and to remove the Petitioner Jordan Langdale, for Life, without Im- any Disability in him, by reason of his said Outlawry,

peachment of Waste, with Remainder to Trustees, to to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may

support contingent Remainders; with Remainder to his or shall hereafter defeend or come to him; is com-First and other Sons, successively, in Tail Male; with mitted.

other Remainders over. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-

It appeared further to the Committee, by the Evi- mittee, That they have Power to make Provision, in dence of the said Mr. Wm. Stourton, That the said the said Bill, for Relief of the Petitioner, according to Philip Langdale is dead; and that the said Marmaduke, the Prayer of the said Petition, the Petitioner’s elder Brother, died in the Life-time of

the said Philip his Father, without Issue Male, leaving Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House play-houses

Two Daughters, who are the Heirs at Law of the said to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, in Precina* Philip, to whom the Reversion in Fee of all the said upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing the un- p",versitjr Estates stands limited by the said Deed; so that the lawful Playing of Interludes within the Precincts of ° am"

Petitioner Jordan, if it was not for the Disability of his the University of Cambridge, and the Places adjacent; n *e*

Outlawry, would be intitled to all the said Estates for and for explaining and amending so much of an Act,

Life, without Impeachment of Waste. passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled. An

It further appeared to the Committee, That the said Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of spirituous

Vo i., 22,

10 L

Liquors,

1

3

>A

866

2 7° — 28°

A. 1737.

Liquors, and for licensing the Retailers thereof, as may affect the Privilege of the University of Cambridge with i;efp, ecfc to licensing. Taverns, and all other publick Houses, within the Precincts of the fame; be now read:

And the same being read accordingly; x Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next,

at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Importation The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a

° Americall Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Ironmongers of this Kingdom, in behalf of themselves, and many others trading to his Majesty’s Plantations^ America, and the several other Petitions relating to the Manufacture of Iron, were referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Perry took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Perry reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Report.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

'EtSiou*^ Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morii-

1 1 ’ ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the further Regulating of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities, Boroughs, Towns, and Ports, in that Part of Great Britain called England.

whitechapei Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

0Rd^rd’ wh°m ^le l°r enlarging the Term and Powers grant-oa s* ed by an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the Stones End at Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Sheffield, and to the furthermost Part of the Parish of Woodford, lead-. ing to the Town of Epping, in the County of Essex; and for repairing the Road leading from the Causeway in the Parish of Low Layton, through Wanjleadto the End of the Parish of Woodford, next to the Parish of Chigwell, in the said County of Essex, and also for repairing the Road from Mile-end to Shoreditch Church, in the said County of Middlesex; was committed; be takeu into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

in Disguise, &c.

Persons Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-

,no next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing an Act for the more elsediial punching wicked and evil-disposed Persons goingarmed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; and for continuing Two Clauses, to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or Sea Bank, and to prevent the malicious Cutting of Hopbinds, contained in an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Way.

and Mean.

Jovisy 28° die Apr tits j

Anno io* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1737.

Prayers.

Til E House being informed, that Roger Anderson, £ )Vltness *° now a Prisoner in the Prison of the Fleet, is a up fronfthe material Witness to be examined again touching the Fleet Prifoo. Matter of the Petition of Sir John Glynne Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Flint, in the County of Flint, appointed to be further heard, at the Bar of this House, this Day;

Ordered, That the said Roger Anderson be brought to the Bar of this House immediately: And that Mr.

Speaker do issue his Warrants to the Keeper of the said Prison, and to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumptre be added to the Com- Misappli-mittee, to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, £,at, on Overseers of the Poor, and great Numbers of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields, the Liberty of Saffron-hill, Hat ton-garden, and Ely-rent s, in the Parish of St. Andrew Ho thorn, St.

Dnnjlan Stepney, St. Paul Shadzvell, St. Anne in Middlesex, Saint Sepulchre's in Middlesex, St. Luke Middlesex, and St. James Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Parishes of the said County; and also the Petition of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, in their General Sessions assembled; is referred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Whitechapel to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and c* °a Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the Stones End at Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Shenfield, and to the furthermost Part of the Parish of Woodford, leading to the Town of Epping, in the County of Essex; and for repairing the Road leading from the Causeway, in the Parish of I*ow Layton,

through Wanstead, to the End of the Parish of Woodford, next to the Parish of Chigwell, in the said County of Essex \ and also for repairing the Road from Mile-end to Shoreditch Church, in the fit id County of Middlesex; was committed; be now read:

And then the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Ashley, Colonel Norton, Mr. Ba- Colchester ker, Mr. Thompson, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Kent, Street*.

Mr. Braffey, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Richard Lloyd, Sir Geo. CafvulL, Mr. Paplllon, Mr. Crowle,

Mr. Polhill, Mr. Danvers, Captain Purvis, Colonel Duckeit% Mr. Revel, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Wollaf-ton. Sir Henry Gough, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Thomas Wynd-tiam, Mr. Win. Kinaston, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better cleaning, paving, repairing, and enlightening, the Streets and Lanes in the Town of ColcheJ'ter, in the County of Essex, and for appointing a regular Watch within the said Town; is committed.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Sir Election. John Glynne Baronet, complaining of an undtie Eledibn and Return for the Borough of Flint, in the County of Flint:

And the Counsel on bpth Sides were called in:

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member fnmmed up their Evidence:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner were heard, by vvavi of Reply; andexaminedfeveral Witnesses, and produced1 Evidence, in order to justify the Votes of several Persons, who voted for the Petitioner at the said Election, and 17 whom

i o Geo. II. 2 8° — i 90

whom the Counsel for the Silling Member had endeavoured to disqualify; and also to disqualify Several Persons, who offered to vote for the Sitting Member at the said KJev tion, and who were refused hv the lleturning Officers, and w hom the CoiinlVI for the Sitting Member had endeavoured to add to his Poll; and also to discredit and contradict Several Witnesses examined on the Part of the Sitting Member.

And Part of the Information prosecuted against Bichard William*, Clerk, for the Assault upon John Robert*, One of the Returning Officers, was read:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner having fmished their Reply;

And the Counsel ou both Sides being directed to withdraw^;

A Motion being made. That Sir George Wynne Baronet is duly elected a Burgess, to Serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Flinty in the County of Flint,

Sir George Wynne, the Sitting Member, was heard in his Place;

And then he witlxlrew.

And the Question being put, That Sir George Wynne Baronet is duly defied a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Flint, in the County of Flint;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

] '58.

Tellers for the Yeas, f *r U»ghto«.

I Mr. Oza’/i:

Tellers for the Noes, £ *|r eharUsRunbury, }

Mr. Kynaston: y;

So it was resolved in the Affirmali\e.

The other Orders of the Day being read; poor Relief, Refilled, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, rvfolvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor.

Yates, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Whitxvorth, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Mojlyn, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Walker, Mr. Shuttkuorth, Mr. Byng, Mr. Wat. Wms. Wynne, Sir John Barnard, Sir Robert Monroe, Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Bold, Mr. Crosse, Mr Abercrombie, Sir Wm.

Clayton, Mr. Neale, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Gregory, Mr,

Gore, Mr. Bowney; and all the Members who serve for North Wales, and the County of Chester: And they are to meet this Aftemoou at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Shakerley’g to enable Peter S/iakerley and George Shakerley, Sons of George ShakcrUy Esquire, to make suitable Jointures for their Wives, and Provision for their Daughters and younger Sons, out of the Etlates of the said George Shakerley the Father, lying in the Counties of Chester and Lancaster, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. JVatkyn Wms. Wynne, Sir Nathfnael Curzon, Sir Henry Hoghton,

Mr. Plumplre, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Gild art, S'u\Jof. Pen-nington, Sir Thorn as Lout her, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Ofball diston, Mr. Mojlyn, Mr, Sandys, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Wm.

Clayton, Mr, Longurcille, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Hooper,

Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Walker,

Mr. Leiefun Gower, Mr. Ba/i/j/Z Leveson Gower, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Cupplejlone, Mr. Trcby, S\r James Grant, Mr. Sibthorpe, Sir James Campbell, Mr.

Byng, Mr. Alderman Perry, Lord Polwarlh, Sir John Barnard, Sir Thomas Saunderjbn, Sir Wm. Wyndham,

Sir John Rushout, Lord Morpeth, Mr. BramJ/on, Mr.

Rowney, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Huublon,

Mr. Smith, Mr. Cojier, Mr. Vy/ier, Mr. Shafloe, Sir Jer. Davors, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Shippen, Mr.

Edward Kynaston, Lord Gage, Mr. Bootle; and all the Members w ho serve for the Counties of Chester, Lan~ caster, and North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Puuii'hi»K Ref deed. That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-

h.mI ing next, refohe itfrlf into a Committee of the whole Ya^ibumN, House, upon the Bill for the more effectual pimishing Rogues and Vagabonds, and for the better Relief of fuel 1 poor Persons as are therein mentioned.

Removing Resolved, That this I Ioufe will, upon Monday Morn-La»f;dalf7* in next, retblve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole Disability House, upon the Bill to enable Jordan Langdale, oitCliff byOutUwr}. in the (;ounty Qf York, to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Outlawrry; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Outlawry, to take or inherit any real or personat Estate that may or Hiail hereafter defeend or come to him.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

Veneris, 290 die;

Anno io* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1737. Prayers.

Swymmer’s A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act jfcrtate. xv to enable the Guardians of Antony Langley Swymmer, an Infant, to join in making Leases of certain Mines in the County of Flint with the other Owners thereof, during the Minority of the said Infaqt, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fane, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Jezvkes, Sir Geo. Wynne, Mr. Leheup, Sir Abr. Elton, Mr. Monson, Mr. JVilkinson, Mr. Hay, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Hooper, Sir Eras Phillips, Cap tain Halkett, Sir James Grant, Mr. Parsons, Admiral Steward, Mr. Bra fey, Mr. Hanbury Williams, Mr. Plu-rrier. Sir Francis Child, Mr. Earle, Mr. Turner, Mr.

Vol. S2.

A Petition of the Churchwarden, Overseers of the ^odrew Poor, and several of the principal Inhabitants of the Holborn Liberty of the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn, above the Nightly Bars, in the County olJMi ddlesex, whose Names are there- " atch' unto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Liberty, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have, in the Votes of this House, observed an Order for a Bill, to be brought in to this House, for regulating the Nightly Watch, and Beadles, of that Part of the said Parish above the Bars, in conjunction with the Liberty of Saffron Hill, Hatton Garden, and Ely Rents, another distinct Liberty or District, within the said Parish, founded upon a Petition to this House, as the Petitioners have Cause to apprehend, signed by very few of the Inhabitants of that Part of the said Parish of St. Andrew above the Bars; and the rather, for that no Notice was either published in the Church, or given to the Petitioners, or any of them, as is usual ip Cafes of the like Nature; and that the Petitioners, and the former Inhabitants of the said Liberty, have,

Time immemorial, among themselves, regulated their Watch and Beadles, not only in a regular hot cheap manner, to the Peace and Welfare of the Inhabitants of the said Liberty, by railing a Rate among themselves, and paid the Charge thereof, without laying any Part of such Rate upop the po.pr Inhabitants; and that the Petitioners apprehend, and are advisedf that the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will not only create much more Expence to the Petitioners, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Liberty, but may affect the Rights and Liberties of the Petitioners, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Liberty; and that the Liberty of Saffron Hill, Hatton Gar den, and Ely Rents, is a distinct Liberty from, and no way concerned in Parish Rates and Taxes with Si. Andrew above the Bars: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners, and other theln-habitants of the said Liberty, may be left out of the said

Bill;

r

1

;j

8(58 190 Ap A. 1737.

Bill 5 or that the Petitioners may be heard, by them-feives, or Counsel, before the Committee, to \Vhom the said Bill stands committed, against so much of the said Bill as concerns the Petitioners, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Liberty; or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

Resolved, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better regulating the Nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the Parish of St. Andrew Holboi'n* above the Bars, and Liberty of Saffron Hill* Hatton Garden, and Ely Rents, is committed: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against Che said Petition.

Improving A Bill for the better regulating the Nightly Watch, London0 and Beadles, within the City of London* and Liberties Strips, thereof; and for making more effectual the Laws now in

being, for paving and cleansing the Streets and Sewers in and about the said City; was read a Second timd.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Parsons* Mr. Lockwood, Mr. Gore* Sir James Grant, Mr. Knight* Sir Francis Child* Sir Robert Abdy* Mr. Rozvney* Mr Waits* Sir John Barnard, Mr. MarJJiall* Lord Baltimore* Mr. Longueville* Sir Wm*Clayton* Mr. Bowles* Sir Charles Mordaunt* Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gybbon* Mr. Bramfion* Mr. Drummond* Mr. Hay* Mr. Shajtoe* Sir Jer. Sambroke* Sir Nathanael Curzon* Mr. Yorke, Mr. Hooper* Mr. Pollen* Lord Gage, Sir George Caf-tvail* Mr. Mostyn* Mr. Smith* Mr. Burr el* Mr. Glan-ville* Mr. Phpner* Mr. Bold* Mr. Walker* Mr. Guts ton* Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir John Rnjhcut*Sir Wm. Jollijfe; and all the Members who serve for the City of London* and County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

E f An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Winchelsea’f for Sale of Part of the Estate of Daniel late Earl of Estate. Winchelsea and Nottingham* deceased, for Payment of

Debts and Incumbrances charged upon and affecting the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gyb-bon* Mr. Mostyn, Mr. Sandys* Mr. Rowney* Siv Charles Mordaunt, Sir John Rushout* Sir Nathanael Curzon* Mr. Leveson Gower* Mr. Baptist Leveson Gower* Mr. Foley* Mr. Bramston, Sir Francis Child* Mr. Parsons, Nlr.Geo. Fox* Mr. Alderman Perry* Sir John Barnard* Sir Edmund Bacon, Lord Pohoarth* Mr. Pollen* Mr. Hooper* Sir James Grant* Mr. Rutherford* Sir Thomas Saunderson* Sir Wm. WyndhamX.ord Morpeth* Mr. Life, Sir Chr. Powell* Mr. Wat. Wms. Wynne* Sir Cordel Fire-brace* Admiral Stewart* Mr Edwards* Mr. Huxley* Mr. Glanville* Mr. Corbett* Mr. Kynaston* Mr. Shuttleworth* Mr. Edward Kynaston* Mr. Chetwynd* Mr. Thomas Gore* Mr. Proby, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Waller * and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Rut-land* Northampton* Bucks* Essex* Kent* and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber*

... An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act borough ^or dividing and inclosing certain open and common Inclosure. Fields, within the Lordship and Parish of Stallingborough, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Monson* Lord Gage, Mr. Piers* Mr. Wilmer* Sir James Campbell* Mr. Campbell, Mr. Speke* Sir Cordel Firebrace, Colonel Duckett* Mr. Owen9 Mr, Longueville, Sir Robert Abdy* Sir John Rushout* Mr. Sandys* Mr. Pollen* Mr. Hooper*Nlr.Houblon* Mr. Price* Mr. Walker* Mr. Treby* Mr. Parsons* Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Yorke* Sir James Grant* Mr. Cartwright* Mr. Neale* Sir Na-

thanael Curzon* Mr. Brereton* Mr. Rowney* Mr. Gybbon,

Mr. Knight*Niv. Fox, Mr. <Sfoz2YA, Sir Charles Mor daunt*

Mr. Selzvyn* Mr. Alderman Willimott* Lord Pohoarth*

Mr. Hanbury Williams * and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln* Nottingham* and York:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Motion being made. That an ingrossed Bill from RedorcC the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming an Agreement between the Rector of the Parish Church of St. &c°Vgree! Mary Woolnoth* and of the united Parishes of St. Mary ment. Woolnoth and St. Mazy Woolchurch, in the City of London, and the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of the said City, with the Consent of the Patron and Ordinary, for the Grant of a Parcel of Ground, therein mentioned, lying in Stock's Market* to the said Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, in Consideration of a Rent of Ten Pounds a Year, payable to the said Rector, and his Successors, for ever, be read the First time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Bill, gives his Consent, as far as relates to his Majesty’s Interest in the Patronage of the said Parish Church, That this House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do Coilt ex-lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of ported. Coals which have been exported to foreign Countries, for Seven Years, ending?xChristmas last, andwhat Duty was paid thereon; distinguishing each Year, and each Place to which the same have been exported.

The House being informed, that some of the Com- Stamp Dn-missioners of the Stamp Duties attended at the Door; t,e? aPPro~

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to on#ti0U* the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account by , what Act or Acts of Parliament the respective Duties on Stamps, under the Management of the Commissioners for the said Duties, appropriated to pay the National Debts, (land appropriated.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Members House do go, with the Mace, into Westminster-hall* fumraoimi-and the Courts there, and into the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly:

And, being returned;

A Bill for redeeming all the publick Fundsredeemable Supply Bill; by Law, which carry an Interest of Four Pounds per Redemption Centum per Annum* or converting the fame, with Con- Vun<i< sent of the Proprietors, into a less Interest or Annuity, n" ( not redeemable till after the Time therein to be mentioned, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth/

Teller, for the Noes, j=49-

It passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon MondayNlorriing Wefhninfa next* resolve itself into a CqmDp.it tee of the whole House, Bridge.

upon

io Geo. II. 290 A prills. — Mail 869

Upon the Bill for explaining and amending an Art,

i'ailed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Art f >r building a Bridge cross the Hirer Thames, from the New Palace-yard, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry.

Wav* llcfuhrd, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

amiMcaut. jn, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply. Revived, That this House w ill, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

WUitechnprl Ordered\ That the Report from the Committee to

*lc^oad*.' w110111 the Bill for inlarging the Term and Powers granted by on Art, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Eirft, for T( pairing the Highways from the Stones End at Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Shenfield, and to the furthermost Part of the Parish of Woodford, leading to the Town of Epping, in the County of FJfer; and for repairing the Road lending from the causewny, in tin? Parish of Lmo Layton, through Wanflead, to the End of the Parish of Woodford. next to the Parish of Chigxvcll, in the said County of E/fer; and also for repairing the Road from Mile-end to Shoreditch Church, in the said County of Middlesex; was committed; be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Misapplica- Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Petition

('ouiu* Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and great

Numbers of the Inhabitants, of the several Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields, the Liberty of Saffron Hill, Hatton Garden, and Ely Bents, in the Parish of St. Andrew Hoi born, St. Dm fan Stepney, St. Paul Ska dive 11, St. Anne in Middlesex, St. Sepulchre's in Middlesex, St. nlcr Middlesex hnd St. James Clerkenwe/l in the County of Miodlefe.r, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the roll of the Parishes of the said County, is referred, have Leave to lit, notwith-fundu.g any Adjoununtut of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lun , 2* Maii;

Auno 10° Cieorgii IP1 Regis, 1737.

P It A V F R S.

Rertnuc of ll.iwkersand Pedlars Appropitation.

THE House being informed, That some of the Commissioners for licensing Ilawkers and Pedlars attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the I louse, pursuant to their Order, An Account by w hat Arts of Parliament the Revenues under the Management of the Commissioners for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars stand appropriated.

And then they withdrew.

Aud the Title of the said Account was rend. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

St. Olave An ingrossed Bill for rebuilding the Church of the Southwark pariflj of St. Olave, in the City of London, and \n the C urc 1. ]3orough of Southwark, in the County of Suny, was read the Third time.

UeJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for rebuilding the Church of the Parish of St. Olave, in the City of London, and in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surnj.

Vol. 22.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Ilucks do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for making the Chapel in the Hamlet of Ab- Abthorpe thorpe and Foxcoate, in the Parish of Totocester, in the church. County of Northampton, a Parish Church; and for appointing a District or Parish thereto; and for enabling the Mailer of the EYee Grammar School, within the said Hamlet of Abthorpe and Foxcoate, to be Vicar of the said Parish Church; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed lo Mr. Cartwright, Sir Edmund Ilham, Dr. Butler, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Edward Kynafon, Mr. Ashby, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Cojlei', Mr. Banks, Mr. Peirs, Mr.

Chetioynd, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Wodehouse, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Ball, Mr. Rozcney, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Archer, Mr. Smith, Sir James Grant,

Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Brere/on,

Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Treby, Mr.

Gybbon, Mr. Rutherford, Mr. Foley, Mr. Robert Hucks, Sir Thomas Afion, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Plump-tre, Mr. Edwards, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Loiother,

Sir James Long, Sir Charles Banbury, Lord Conibury,

Colonel Bladen; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

Ordered, That Mr. Peirfe, Mr. Connolly, Mr. Brude- Dudley’* nell, and Lord Boyne, be added to the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Inrolling of certain Indentures of Lease and Roleafe, executed by Sir William Dudley, and Dame Elizabeth his Wife; and for making the Exemplification and attested Copies of such Indentures, and also of an Art of Parliament, and certain Articles of Agreement therein referred to, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Ireland; is committed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Playhoofe* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing the of cambfidg/ unlawful Playing of Interludes within the Precincts of the University of Cambridge, and the Places adjacent; and for explaining and amending so much of an Art, pasted in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of spirituous Liquors, and for licensing the Retailers thereof, as may affect the Privilege of the University of Cambridge, with respect to licensing Taverns, and all other publick Houses, within the Precincts of the fame;

Ordered, That the Petition of the Distillers now using the Trade of Vintners in the Town of Cambridge, presented to the House upon the 23d Day of March last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Walpole took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Walpole reported from the Committee, That they had considered the several Petitions to them referred; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had di-rerted him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas Bennet and Mr. Elde:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Art Qualifica-for the Qualification of Persons arting as Trustees for -

repairing the Highways and Roads within that Part of or

Great Britain called England; for inlarging the number 10 M

r$

3

87O

2° — 30 Mail. 1737.

Offices and Employments.

Hertford Bridge, &c. Roads.

Relief of Distressed Mariners at Leghorn.

Removing Seton’s Disability by Attainder.

Removing Rollo’s Disability by Attainder.

Lords desire Leave fer Members to attend them.

of Trustees; and giving them Power to inspectand take Copies of Books and Accounts relating to 1‘uch Highways and Roads; with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices, or to take the Oaths required within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for those Purposes \ without any Amendment* And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Her (ford-bridge-hill to the Town of Basingstoke; and also the Road from Hertford-bridge-hill aforesaid to the Town of Odiham, in the County of Southampton; without any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for collecting, at the Port of Leghorn, certain small Sums of Money, to which the Merchants trading the re have usually contributed, for the Relief of shipwrecked Mariners, Captives, and other distressed Persons* his Majesty's Subjects, and for other charitable and publick Uses, without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable George Seton, of Barnes, to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him, without any Amendment, And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable James Hollo, only Son of Robert Hollo, late of Powhouse, deceased, to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him; without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords do desire this House will give Leave, That Duncan Forbes Esquire, his Majesty's Advocate for Scotland, Charles Arejkine Esquire, Solicitor General for Scotland, and Patrick Lindsay Esquire, Members of this House, may attend the House of Lords, in order to be examined as Witnesses upon the Bill, intituled, An Act to disable Alexander Wilson Esquire from taking, holding, or enjoying any Office or Place of Magistracy in the City of Edinburgh, or elsewhere in Great Britain; and for imprisoning the said Alexander Wilson; and for abolishing the Guard kept up in the said City, commonly called the Town Guard; and for taking away the Gates of the Nether-bozo Port, of the said City, and keeping open the fame; which Bill is appointed to be read a Second time Tomorrow; when Counsel are to be heard as well for, as against, the fame.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Message from Resolved, That this House will fend an Answer to that

Lords to be Part of the said Message which relates to Duncan Forbes considered. Esquire, his Majesty’s Advocate for Scotland, Charles Arejkine Esquire, Solicitor General for Scotland, and Patrick Jj.nd.say Esquire, Members of this House, by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were again called in: And Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, take into Consideration that Part of the said Mef-sage which relates to Duncan Forbes Esquire, his Majesty’s Advocate for Scotland, Charles Arejkine Esquire, Solicitor General for Scotland, and Patrick Undefay Esquire, Members of this House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Removing Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-

Langdale’s ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Disability by.upon the Bill to enable Jordan Langdale; of Cliff, in the Outlawry. County of York, to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit,

notwithstanding his Outlawry; and to textiove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Outlawry, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Westminster ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Bn(, Se‘ House, upon the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Nezv Palace-yard, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry.

Resolved, That this House will* upon Wednesday Ways Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the and Wcaul-whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted / I

to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Powys, Mr, Barlozv, Mr. Rozvney, Colchefor Mr. Stcphenfon, Mr. Proby, Mr. Sibthorpe, Mr. Moflyn, Streets.

Mr. Cojler, Mr. Devereux, Mr. Packer, Mr. Ashby, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Lockzooood, Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir Robert Fagg, Mr, Chetzvynd, and Mr. Fydell, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the better cleaning, paving, repairing, and enlightening the Streets and Lanes in the Town of Colche/ler, in the County of Essex; and for appointing a regular Watch within the said Town; is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 30 die

Anno lo° Georgii II41 Regis, 1737.

Prayers.

MR. Bold reported from the Committee to whom Leigh’s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Eftnte. Act to enable Peter Legh, of Lyme, Esquire, to make a present Settlement on his Nephew Peter Legh the younger, and his Issue Male, preferable to his own Issue Male; and to enable his said Nephew, and other Tenants for Life, to make Jointures and Provision for Daughters and younger Sons, in the Life-time of the said Peter Legh the elder, and with his Consent; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 7. Line 22. After " is," to insert c< unmar-u ried, and:"

L. 30. To leave out " preferable to his own " Issue Male:

Press 8. L. 27. After " younger," to insert " and,

" in case of his Death without Issue Male, for the said and after the First " Ugh," to insert " and, in case of " his Death without Issue Male, for the saidand, after " and, " to insert <c in case of his Death without Issue " Male, for the said:"

L. 28. To leave out u or any of them."

The First and Second Amendment, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Third Amendment being read a Second time;

Au

Firmed'*

JbAaUft.

Moauferl’i

Sorry, Itc. RoikIi.

Jo Geo. II. 3’ Mail

An Amendment was proposed to !>c made thereto, by inserting, after the Word 4i Male," the Words u or of 1 lie Failute of such Issue Male

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

I lien the said Amendment, so amended, was, upoQ the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The l'ourth Amendment being rend a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by inserting, after the Word " Male," the Words " or " of the Failure of such Issue Male;"

And the same was, upon the Quetlion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fifth Amendment being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by inserting, after the Word u Male," the Words lt or " the Failure of such Issue Male;"

And the same was, upon the Quetiion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Quell ion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The lart Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Gybbon reported from the Committee to whom theingroiled Hill from the 1-ords, intituled, An Act for «flnhlishing and confirming a Partition of the Estates of Sir Robert Fumefe Baronet, deceased, among his Three Daughters and Coheirs; and for settling their sevend specifick Shares and Allotments to such L ies us their several undivided Third Parts thereof flood limited before such Partition; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Parties concerned bad given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as follows; viz.

Pre& 5. L 23. To leave out " said."

The laid Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Quciiion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Leveson Gowei' reported from the Committee to whom the ingrolleil Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Edward Mountfort, and his Issue Male, by Mary his now Wife, to take and use the Surname of 6’rojtenor, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Colonel Onslow reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, several A 61s of Parliament, made in the Fourth, Sixth, and Tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, respectively, for repairing and amending the several Roads, therein mentioned, in the Counties of Surry, Kent, and Sussex, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were,

Vol. 22.

with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Letve given Consideration that Part of the Message from the Lords, aue^d* of Yesterday, which relates to Duncan Forbes Esquire, Lw<k.n his Majesty’s Advocate for Scotland, Charles Arejkine Esquire, Solicitor General for Scotland,&nd Patrick Lindsay Esquire, Members of this House, be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Refolted, That Duncan Forbes Esquire, his Majesty's Advocate for Scotland, Charles Arejkine Esquire,

Solicitor General for Scotland, and Patrick Lindsay Esquire, Members of this House, have Leave to go to the House of Lords, as is desired by their Lordships, in their Message of Yesterday, if the said Members think fit.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them, That this House hath given Leave to Duncan Forbes Esquire, his Majesty’s Advocate for Scotland\ Charles Arejkine Esquire, Solicitor General for Scotland, and Patrick Lindsay Esquire, Members of this House, to go to the House of Lords, as is desired by their Lordships, in their Message of Yesterday, if the said Members think fit.

Ordered, That the Lord Charles Cavendish do carry the said Message.

Mr. Walpole, according to Order, reported from the Playboufcsin Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing the unlawful Playing of Cambridge. Interludes within the Precincts of the University of Cambridge, and the Places adjacent; and for explaining and amending so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of spirituous Liquors, and for licensing the Retailers thereof, as may affect the Privilege of the University of Cambridge, with respect to licensing Taverns, and all other publick Houses, within the Precincts of the fame; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

1

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr.

Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire this House will give Leave, That Lords desire Lieutenant General Wade, James Erefkine Esquire, Sir James Campbell, Alexander Hamilton Esquire, and Pa- atten(j thero# trick Heron Esquire, Members of this House, may attend the House of Lords, in order to be examined as Witnesses, upon the Bill, intituled, An Act to disable Alexander Wilson Esquire from taking, holding, or enjoying any Office or Place of Magistracy in the City of Edinburgh, or elsewhere in Great Britain; and for imprisoning the said Alexander Wilson; and for abolishing the Guard kept up in the said City, commonly called the Town Guard; and for taking away the Gates of the Nether-bozo Port of the said City, and keeping open the fame; at the Second Reading thereof which is appointed this Day: When Counsel are ordered to be heard, as well for, as against, the fame.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved,

J. 1737.

»7'2: 3V 4*

Resolved, That Lieutenant General Wade, James Ere-Jkine Esquire, S\v. James Campbell, Alexander Hamilton EftjiliVe, and Patrick Heron Esquire, Members of this House, have Leave to go to the House of Lords, as is desired by their Lordships, if the said Members think fit.

And the Messengers were again called in; And Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

Regulating Sir George Cafwall reported from the Committee to Watermen, whom the Bill for regulating the Company of Water-&c* men, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, rowing on the River Thames, between Gravefendy in the County of Kent, and Windforfm the County of Berks, in regard to their taking Apprentices, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto 5 which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Preservation The Order of the Day being read, for the House to of resolve itfelfintoa Committee of the whole House, Shipwrecks. Up^n the Hill for the better preserving all such Ships, and Goods thereof, which shall happen to be forced on Shore, or stranded, upon the Coasts of this Kingdom, or any other of his Majesty’s Dominions;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

Regulating The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Elections? resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to cJonfider further of the Bill for the further Regulating of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities, Boroughs, Towns, and Ports, in thkt Part of Great Britain called England;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day' Month, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

P<?rfons The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

going armed resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon fee. U fe’ the Bill for continuing an Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed Personsgoing armed in Difgnife, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects; and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; and for continuing Two Clauses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or Sea Bank, and to prevent the malicious Cutting of Hop-binds, v contained in an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of his

present Majesty’s Reign;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, to punish Persons who shall wilfully or maliciously set on fire any Mine, Pit, or Delph of Coal or Cannel Coal

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, That the Provisions contained in the said Act, of the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, touching the Discovery, Tryal, and Punishment of Offences against the said Act, may be extended to the Cafes of Offences committed by breaking or cutting clown the Banks of any River, or Sea Bank, and by cutting of Hop-binds.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to prevent Persons pulling up, destroying, and carrying away, any Piles, Chalk, or other Materials made use of for securing Marsh and Sea Walls and Banks

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Rnjhout took the Chair of the Committee.

20

Mali.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Rnjhout reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had di rest ed him ore-port, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to poor Relief, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, &c. upon the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Punishing resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Rogue* and the Bill for the more effectual punishing Rogues and Vagatwiitls, Vagabonds, and for the better Relief of such poor Persons as are therein mentioned;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-'* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Removing resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Laugdale’s upon the Bill to enable Jordan Lang dale, of Cliff, in lability by the County of York, to sue, or maintain any Action or Uutau,y* Suit, notwithstanding his Outlawry; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Outlawry, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day, which was postponed, Prefemtion being read; of

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the sbiPwreck*-whole House, upon the Bill for the better preserving all such Ships, and Goods thereof, which shall happen to he forced on Shore, or stranded, upon the Coasts of this Kingdom, or any other of his Majesty’s Dominions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Perry took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Perry reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 40 die Maii;

Anno 10° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1737.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lcgli’i to enable Peter Legh, of Lime, Esquire, to make ElUle* a present Settlement on his Nephew Peter Legh the younger, and his I flue Male, preferable to his owu Issue Male; and to enable his said Nephew, and other Tenants for Life, to make Jointures, and Provision for Daughters and younger Sons, in the Life-time of the said Peter Legh the elder, and with his Consent; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Title of the Bill; viz.

Line a. To leave out " make a present," and insert fi to revoke or alter some of the Uses and Estates u limited in a

L. 3.

io Geo. II. 4* Mail.

L. 3. To leave out " on his Nephew Peter Lcgh the " younger, and his Issue Mule, preferable to his own 41 Issue Male,* and insert "formerly made by him:"

L G. To leave out "enable his said Nephew, and " other," and insert 44 im|>ower certain I.. 7. Alter Life/* to insert "therein:*

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bold do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fume, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lord(hi|>s.

Derwent*atct'i Sir Charles IFager presented to the House, according Jtfatef. Order, a Bill for explaining and amending an Act, of the Eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Kents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Dcrwaituater, ami Charles Radcliffe: And the feme was received; and read the First time.

Refilled, Thai. the Bill be read a Second time.

Fumtfc’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lrimics. for establishing and continuing a Partition of the F.states

of Sir Robert Furnefe Baronet, deceased, among his Three Daughters and Coheirs; and for settling their several f|>ecifiek Shares and Allotments to such Uies as their several undivided Third Parts thereof stood limited Ixflbrc such Partition; mid for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Refilled, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do

past.

Ordered, That Mr. Gybbon do earn the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment: To which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Woirfr- Mr. Leveson Goner reported from the Committee to

whom the Bill for repairing the Roads from the End of °* a Lane, adjoining to Sutton Colc/ield, in the Parish of

Alderich, and County of Stafford, to Wolverhamptonf and from Gibbet-lane to Wolverhampton, and from thence to Shiff'nal, Bridge north, and Ken pert, in the County of Salop; and from Stafford to Wolverhampton, and from thence to a Place called the Seim Stars, in the Road to Worcester; and from Wolverhampton, through Sedgely, to Queen's Cross, at the End of the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Report was read:

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the same Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Whaechapel Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into

Ac Roadt Consideration the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for inlarging tlip Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the High w ays from the Stones End at Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlefe.r, to Sheffield, and to the furthermost Part of the Parish of Woodford, leading to the Town of Epping, in the County of Essex; and for repairing the Road leading from the Causeway, in the Parish of Low Layton, through Wanstcad, to the End of the Parish of Woodford, next to the Parish of Chigwell, in the said County of Ff)ex; and also for repairing the Road from

ftFik-end to Shoreditch Church, in the said County of Middlesex; was committed; be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration:

And the same was read:

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Report be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

o

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Importation Copyholders, of the Neighbourhood otthe Forestof Wire, of Iro? in the Counties of Worcester, Salop, and Stafford, was America*

frefented" to the House, and read; complaining of the mportation of great Quantities of Bar Iron into Great Britain from foreign Parts; whereby the Iron Works have, for several Years last pall, lain under very great HardQiips, and a Stop has in a great measure been put to the Making of Iron in this Nation; and many Furnaces and Forges are now either unemployed, or do not make above Half the Quantities of Iron they did formerly; by which the Demand for Wood is so far obstructed, that the Petitioners cannot dispose of the feme; notwithstanding the Price Woods now fell for is but little more than Half what they did formerly; and representing to the House the bad Consequences of discouraging the said Iron Works; which if disused, Coppices (the Nurseries of Oak Timber for the Support of our Nary, and kept up chiefly for the Support of the said Iron Works with Cord Wood, as ulfo Bark for the Tanning Trade) must be grubbed up, and converted to other Purposes: And therefore praying. That such further Duty may be laid upon foreign Iron imported, or such other Encouragement given to the Proprietors of Iron W orks and Woods in this Kingdom, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Report from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Ironmongers of this Kingdom, in behalf of themselves, and many others trading to his Majesty s Plantations in America, and the several other Petitions relating to the Manufacture of Iron, were referred.

A Bill for repealing the present Duty on Sweets, and Supply Bill for granting a Ids Duty thereupon, was read a Second Duty on time. Sweets, &c,

Refilled, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual preventing the Playhousea unlawful Playing of Interludes within the Precincts of the University of Cambridge, and the Places adjacent; and Universities. for explaining and amending so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of spirituous Liquors, and for licensing the Retailers thereof, as may affect the Privilege of the University of Cambridge with respect to licensing Taverns, and all other publick Houses, within the Precincts of the fame; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 2. L. 39* To leave out from "respectively" to li respectively," in Line 43:

Press 3. L. 1. After 4i the/* to insert " like:"

Press G. L. 6. To leave out " Rights/’ and insert "Right:"

L. 34. To leave out " and/’ and insert

tc or

10 N PreAj.

Ongley’s,

&c.

Estate.

Importation of Iron from America.

Ways «nd Means.

Supply.

Regulating

Watermen,

See.

40- — 5 G Mail. 17^7.

Press 7. L. n. To leave out "To the University of Thames, between Gravesend, in the County of Kent, and " Oxford."' TVindfor, in the County of Berks, in regard to their taking

L. 12. To leave out "fame," and inffert Apprentices, was committed;

" like Ordered, That the- said Order be postponed.

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Removing amended at the Table accordingly. a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title Jordan Lof in the County of York, to sue, outlawry.y be, An Act for the more effectual preventing the un- or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Outlawful'Playing of Interludes within the Precincts of the lawry; and to remove any Disability in him, byreasonof Two Universities in that Part of Great Britain called his find Outlawry, to take or inherit any real or, personal England, and the Places adjacent; and for explaining Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him.

;ind amending to much of an Act, passed in the last Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sessioii Of Parliament, intituled, An Act for laying a Sir. took the Chair of the Committee.

Duty'Ujjon the Retailers of spirituous Liquors, and for Mr- Speaker resumed the Chair.

licfenfing the Retailers thereof, as may afteft the Privilege Sir Joseph Pennington reported from the Committee,

Of the said Ufliverfities with respect to liceufing Taverns., That they had considered the Report and Petition to them and all other publick Houses, within the Precincts of the referred; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

firne; 1 and found the same to be true; and had gone through the

Ordered, That Mr. Tczvn/hend do carry the Bill to the Pill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which Lords, and desire their Concurrence. they ha(i directed him to report, when the House will

please to receive the same.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ordered\ That the Report be received Tomorrow

to bCtabliiTi &n Agreement, made by the Devisees of Sir Morning.

Samuel Ongfey Knight, deceased, with Sir Roger Hitdson

Knight, for the Sale of Two Messuages on the East Side The other Order of the Day, which was postponed, of BijhOpgat e-street, in the City of London; and for the being read;

Purchase of Two Messuages on the North Side of Thread- House proceeded to take into Consideration Regulating

needle-street, in the said City, with Part of the Money the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for Watermen,

arising from the said Sale, and for other Purposes therein regulating the Company of Watermen, Wherrymen, &c*

mentioned; was read a Second time. and Lightermen, rowing on the River Thames, between

Resolved, That the 13111 be committed to Sir Francis ' Grave]end, in the County of Kent, and Windsor, in the Child, Dr. Butler, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Hay, Mr. Taylor, County of Berks, in regard to their taking Apprentices,

Mr. Papillon, Mr. [fig ley, Sir Charles Bun bury, Mr. was committed:

Jewkes, Mr. RmnessSMr. May, Sir James Campbell, And the Amendments made by the Committee, to the Mr. Smith, Mr. Neal, My. Bold, Sir Jew Davers, Lord Caid Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second Noel Somerset, Mr Fane. Mr. Digby, Mr. Drummond, time, one by one; and, upon the Question put thereupon,

Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Fox, Mr. Onglexj, Mr. °ne of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Bramston, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Edmund Bacon, Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Price, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Chr. Powell, Mr. Ball, And several Amendments were made by the House to Mr. Houbton, Mr. Legh Master, Sir Nathanael Curzon, the Bill.

Mr. Coster, Mr. Alderman Perry, Lord Gage, S\y John . Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Hind Cotton, Sir Geo. Cajivall, Mr. Hooper, Sir Milesx ingrossed.

Stapylton, Mr. Leveson Gower; aiKlall the Members who tt

serve for the City of London, and County of Middlesex: And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Clock, in the Speakers Chamber. ,________ -__________

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Report from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Ironmongers of this Kingdom, in behalf of themselves, and many others trading to his Majestys Plantations in America, and the several other Petitions relating to the Manufacture of Iron, were referred;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Month, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Consider further of the said Report.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into tiic laid Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for regulating the Company of Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, rowing on the River

Jovisy 50 die Maii;

Anno 10° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1737.

P 1! AYERS.

A PETITION of Robert Jones Esquire was presented Dudley’* to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in the Edate-Year 1726, the Petitioner obtained from his late Majesty King George a Grant or Custodiam of the Manor of Mount Kennedy, in the County of Wicklow, and Kingdom of Ireland, forfeited to the Crown by the Attainder of William Kennedy, subject to a yearly Rent reserved on such G rant; and that, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament of Great Britain, passed in the Third Year of his present Majestys Reign, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Dame Elizabeth Dudley, relating to an Estate in the Kingdom of Ireland, forfeited to the Crown during the Life of William Kennedy, her Great Uncle, the said Manor of Mount Kennedy was, among other Things, by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date the Second and Third Days of June 1730, conveyed to the Right honourable Thomas Earl of Westmoreland, and George Doddington Esquire, to the Use of the Petitioner, in Fee, subject to a perpetual Rent-charge of Five hundred Pounds a Year, thereby charged on the said Manor, and settled on Sir IVm. Dudley Baronet, and the said Dame Elizabeth his Wife, and their Issue; and subject to a Term of Ninety-nine Years, thereby limited to Sir Thomas Sam-well Baronet, in Trust, for the said Sir Wm. Dudley, for

iccuring

Whitcchnpe to WtKwlfont <i*c» Iluad>.

io Geo. II.

(lairing the Payment of Two thou Ik nd Pounds, and In-tcreli; and that the faiil Two thousand Pounds, and Inti rest, hath been since paid^to the said Sir B'itliam Dud-L f by the Pititiomr, mui the said Term of Ninety-nine «.us aliened, according to the Direction and Appoint-nr nt of the Petitioner: And lcprcfcnting to the I Ionic That he is no-way- contenting to the Hill, now depending in tlii- House, for inrolling the said Indentures of Lea lb ami Ucleafe, and for nmking the Exemplification and att< lied C!opi( sof full Indentures and also of the said first-recited Act and certain Articles of Agreement therein referred to, Evidence in all C ourts of Ionv and Equity in Ireland', which Hill, the Petitioner is advisetl, will be greatly prejudicial to him, and be a Means of involving him in c.\|>cnlive Suits with the Tenants of the said hi late, unless all tire I; vi ral Deeds and Alignments, fubfquent to the said Indentures of Lease and Release, be in like manner inrolled und exemplified: And there-lore, us the Petitioner, by mi l under the Title ufoiesaid, i' a Purelmfer of the (kid Eflute for a valuable Consideration, pra\i;i:, That a (kitile, or Clause*, may be inserted in the said Dill lor iuro'ling and < x mphfving, ami making Kvidence, all the Dud* und Conveyances already executed, relating to the Title of the said Eft ate, subsequent to the said Indentures of hi ale und RCrease; or othcnvilr that the Petitioner may be heard, by himself or Counsel, against the said hill, hi lore t! e same p A\ into a Law; or that he may he idiived in the IV mile* in such manner as to the House ilia 1 lean m it.

Ordered, That t1 laid Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Co nmiltee to u!iu:n ti;.* iiund:V l Pill, from the Lord*, intituled, An Act for kindling of certain Indenture'of Le.;fe ami lulra.t* executed by Sir // ifturn Diudcy, and 1 /time /’’: . ih hi \Vi!e; and for making

the Exemplification a:l.taf.<u Copies of such Indentures, and alto ohm Ac: iriTuriiutir nl, aml c ertain Articles of Agreement therein rc u rred I ), Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Inland; is committed: And that the Petitioner, it he thinks lit, be heard, by his Connie!, Indore the said Committee, according to the Prayer of the ikid Petition.

Ordered, That it !>e nn Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counlei to be beard, at the same time, in lavonr of the said Pill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into

y further Consideration the Report from the Committee to whom the Pill for inlarging the derm and Powers granted l»v an Art, pallid in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Ma t itv King George the Eirfr, for repairing the Highways from the Stone* End at// hitcchapclChurch, in the County of Mitldfctl.i\ to Shenfield, and to the further-motr Part of the Parish of Wi'Gdford, leading to the Town of lipping, in the County of F(fc.v; and for repairing the Road leading from the Causeway, in the Parish of Low Lay ten, through ICanstead, to the End of the Parish of tVoodJord, next to the Parish of ('higw ell, in the said County of K/f.e; and also for repairing the Road from Mile-cud to Shoreditch Church, in the said County of Middle/e.v; was committed; be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

The I Ioulc proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Pill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was olVereel to be added to the Bill, That the Parishes of Christ Church, St. George, and St. Anne Middle few. thall ftiil remain chargeable, and do their respective Works, in and about repairing the Roads within the Parish of St. Dunsttin's Stepney, or pay their respective Shares of the Compositions made, or to be made, by the said Parish, with the Trustees named in the Bill.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Yo l. 2.

875

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossbd.

An ingrossbd Bill for inlarging the Term and Powers I)ui^bICj granted by an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign i^oad. of his late Majesty King George the J uft, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Black Bull Inn, in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to ShaJJ'ord House, in the County of Hertford: and for preventing the l)riving of Cattle through private Grounds and Paffuges, to avoid the Payment of the Toll charged upon Cattle, by an Act, of the Eirft Year of his late Majesty, and the Eighth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from South Minims to St. Albans, in the said County of Hertford; w as read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Prefc ,r>. h. 8. After " Kentijhf inlert Nathanael " Blacker by

L. 9. Leave out " and L. 10. After " Esquire," iufert " and 77/0mas Seer Gentleman

And the same were, ujion the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

An Act for inlarging the Term and Pow ers granted by an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Eirlt, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Black Bull Inn, in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the W’av turning out of the said Road up to Shafjord House, in the County of Hertford; and for preventing the Driving of Cattle through private Grounds ami Railages, to avoid the Payment of the Toll charged upon Cattle by an Act of the Eirft Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, fur repairing the Roads from South Minims, to St. Albans, in the said County of Hertford.

Ordered, That Mr. Ashby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Re&orof for confirming an Agreement between the lleftor of the Ma,.vt Parish Church of A’/. Man/ 11 oof noth, and of the united Parishes of St. Mary Wool noth and St. Mary Wool- ment*.0 church, in the City of London, and the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of the said City, with the Consent of the Patron und Ordinary, for the Grant of a Parcel of Ground, therein mentioned, lying in Stocks Market, to the said Iiluyor, Commonalty, and Citizens, in Consideration of a Rent of Ten Pounds a Year, payable to the said Rector, and his Successors, for ever, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Sir John Barnard, Mr. Alderman Perry, SirChr. Powell, Mr. Alder* man Willimot, Lord Sytndon, Mr. Earle, Mr. Pelham,

Sii' John Heathcote, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Winnington, Mr.

Plume 1% Mr. Coster, Mr. Smith, Mr. Pu/teney, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Sir Jof. Pennington, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bade, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Sir Geo. Champion, Sir Nathanael Curzov,

Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Archer, Sir Myles Stapylton, Mr.

Taylor, Mr. Crosse, Lord Pohvarth, Mr. Yorkc, Lord Gage, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Gland lie, Mr. Longuccille, Lord Baltimore, Colonel Bladen, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Gyb-bon, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Courtenay,

Ix>rd Noel Somerset, Sir lVm. Clayton, Mr. Houblon; and all the Members w ho serve for the City of London, and County of Middle fe.v: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

t

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Westminster a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Bridge.

explaining

50 Mail

5°-

6° M

M i7S7»

explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge crols the River Thames, from the New Palace-yard\ in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surry.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Sundon took the Chair of the Committed.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Sundon reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to im*-power the Commissioners appointed by an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the New Palace-yard, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the County of aSurry, to treat with, and purchase of, the Proprietors of the Bridge cross the River of Thames, between Fulham and Putney, their Interest and Property in the said Bridge, and the Tolls payable there;

It palfed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Smidon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Sundon reported from the Committee, That they had considered the Petition to them referred; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Persons The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the going armed Report from the Committee of the whole House, to m 1 Sai e- whom the Bill for continuing an Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects; and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; and for continuing Two Clauses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or Sea Bank, and to prevent the malicious Cutting of Hop-binds; contained in an Act passed in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty s Reign; was committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Poor Relief, The Order of the Day being read, for the House to &c. ’ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That this House will, upon this Day Month, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } . 9-

Tellers for the Noes, } 3s-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Order of the House, made upon the Sixth Day of April last, for committing the said Bill to a Committee of the whole House, be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be committed to a select Committee.

And it is referred to Mr. Hay, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Gyb-bon, Mr. Longueville, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Winnington,

20

Mr. Fane, Mr. Biffe, Lord Sundon, Lord Gage, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Griffith, Mr. Ramsden, Mr. While, Mr. Linde say, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Levcfon Gower, Sir Francis Child, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Bramston, Mr. lhiwl. Earle, Mr. Compton, Dr. Cotes, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Sir John Barnard, Lord Wallingford, Mr. Smith, Mr. Turner, Sir Charles Turner, Sir John Rushout, Sir Jof Pennington; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber: And all that come are to have Voices.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Punishing resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon I*°£ues a,id the Bill for the more effectual punishing Rogues and Va- a«T^0,u*» gabonds; and for the better Relief of lbch poor Persons as are therein mentioned;

Ordered, That the Order of the House, made upon the Sixteenth Day of March last, for committing the said Bill to a Committee of the whole House, be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be committed to the select Committee to whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor is committed»

The other Order of the Day being read;

Sir Joseph Pennington reported from the Committee of Removing the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable Jordan £aPfdi!-9 Langdale, of Cliff, in the County of York, to sue, or byOutiawy. maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Outlawry; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Outlawry, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments w ere once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one: and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And some Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 6° die Maii;

Anno 10° Georgii IIdiRegis, 1737.

Prayers.

r\RDERED, That the Committee to whom the Bill $t. Andrew for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Bea- Holborn dies within the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn, above the Bars, and Liberty of Saffron-hill, Hat ton-garden, and ' ply-rents, is committed; and to whom the Petition of the Church-warden, Overseers of the Poor, and several of the principal Inhabitants of the Liberty of the Parish of *S’/V Andrew Holborn above the Bars, in the County of Middle fer, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Liberty, is referred; and before whom the Petitioners, if they think fit, are to be heard, by their Counsel, according to the Prayer of their said Petition; and who are instructed to admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition; have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Med-lycot, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Ashley, Mr.

Edward Kynaston, and Mr. Guidott, be added to the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mountfoi to enable Edward Mountfordl and his Iifue Male by Name

Maryt

ft relating W dir«nncn, fcc.

ft-J I.vnn

s<juiirp It # luvement

I urnrfe 1.Hates.

Pilule.

Vchipi 1

t\\ J,

h !s.

10 Geo. II. 6°

Mari/ his now Wife, to fake and use the Surname of Gro/ienor, was read the T hird time.

Ref deed, That the Kill do pnfs.

Ordered, That Mr. Levefun Gmoer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this Honfchath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for regulating the Company of Watermen, Wherrvmcn, and Lightermen, rowing on the Kiver Thames, between Grace fend, in the County of Kent, and Windfur, in the County of Berks, in regard to their taking Apprentices, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Hill; Press 7. L. 30. Alter the Word " Gravesend," to insert except fitch Boat as shall be hired by any One Per-€i Ion, for his own Use :M

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, greed to by t’ue House: And the Bill was amended at the 1 able accordingly.

Refulved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for regulating the Company of Water-men, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, rowing on the Kiver Thames, between Graiejend, in the County of Kent, and Windsor, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Sir George Ca/icaU do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Fiords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable tliepief*-nt and future P»oi riemrs and Inhabitants of the Houses in Red Ly >n Square, in the County of Middle/er, to make a Rnteun themlcKi-s, for raTing Money iiiflicient to inclose, pave, watch, < Iran, and adorn the said Square, without any Amendment. And also,

The I/mis have agreed to the Amendment, made by this House, to tin* Bill, intituled, An Act for eliablish-ing and confirming a Partition f ilio Kliates of Sir Robert Funic/? Baronet, iKh mamong his r| hrec Daughters and Coheirs; and for settling their several fp'Tifick Shan s and Allotments to Inch Lies as their If-veral undivided Third Parts thereof flood limited before such Partition, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. And also,

The Lords have agreed to tho Amendments, made by this llontV, to the Bill intituled, An Act to enable Peter Arg/^ol Lyme, Esquire, to make a present S ttle-tnent on his Nephew Peter I egh the younger, and his Line Male, preferable to his own IlVue Male; and to enable his said Nephew, and »tlu r Tenants for Life, to make Jointures, and Provniun for Daughters anti younger Sons, in the Life-time of the said Peter Legh the elder, and with his Content.

And then the Mctfengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the lieign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the Stones End at Unite-chapel Church, in the County of Mid die/ex, to Shenfield, mui to liie furthermofl Part of the Parish of Woodford, leading to the Town of lipping, in the County of Essex; and for repairing the Road leading from the Causeway, in the Parish of Loxv Layton, through Waujiead, to the End of the Parish of Woodford, next to the Parish of C/iigicell, in the said County of Essex; and also for repairing the Road from Mile-end to Shoreditch Church, in the said County of Middle)?x; was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; Pitfs 4. L. 5. To leave out Henry)' and insert " Harry

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bili was amended at the Table accordingly.

llefdved. That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted

Vo l. 22.

Man. 877

by an Act, passed in the&ighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Firlf, for repairing the Highways from the Stones End at Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Shenfield, and to the furthermofl Part of the Parish of Woodford, leading to the Town of Epping, in the County of Essex; and for repairing live Road leading from the Causeway, in the Parish of Lore Layton. through Wanflcad, to the End of the Parish of Woodford, next to the Parish of Chiincell, in the said County of Efie.r.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Abdy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord .9/Wo/t, according to Order, reported from \veftminftrr the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Bride. for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the New Palace-yard, in the City of Wijhniafter, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry, was committed, the Amendmc ts which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's fable;

Where ttie Amendments were once read throughout, and 1 lien a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iugruiled.

Sir John Rufhout, according so Order, reported from p«rfon* the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill going armed for continuing an Act for tl-e more elsedtial punishing jy ‘hlguiti* wicked and evildijp^f d Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons anil Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; and for continuing Two Clausesto prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or Sea Bank, and to prevent the malicious Cutting of I lop-hinds, contained in an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty *s Reign; was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read

throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to one of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered., to be added to the Bill, for preventing the Destruction of Wild Ducks, Teal, Widgeon, or any other Water Fowl, within a Time of the Year to be limited:

And the same was once read:

And the House being moved, That the Fifth Section of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act, for making an Act, of the Fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the better Preservation of the Game, perpetual, and for making the same more ertfedual, might be read;

And the same being read accordingly;

The Clause was read a Second time, with Blanks; which were filled up, and the Clause amended.

Then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the

Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of I he Day being read, for receiving the Prefen-ation Report from the Committee of the whole House, to ot whom the Bill for the better preferring all such Ships 1I^", L'C S‘

10 O and

878 6° — 9

and Goods thereof, which shall happen to be forced on Shore, or stranded, upon the Coaits of this Kingdom, or any other of his Majesty’s Dominions, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed*

Wav* The Order of the Day being read, for the Hoitfe to and Mean*, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hoilfe, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Drawback allowed upon Paper exported to the British Plantations.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Report made by the Commissioners of the Customs to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, upon the Petitions of the Fisher-men or Dredgers of thefeveral Oyster Fisheries within and along the Coasts of the County of Kent, for themselves, and on behalf of the Fishermen belonging to the several Oyster Fisheries in the Counties of Essex, Sussex, and Southampton, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next. t

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means lor railing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of Day, which was pollponed, being read;

Preservation Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of

of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better pre-Shipwreck*, serving all such Ships, and Goods thereof, which iliali happen to be forced on Shore, or ltranded, upon the Coaits of this Kingdom, or any other of his Majesty5s Dominions, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Misapplication Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Petition

Stales? Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and great

Numbers of the Inhabitants, of the several Parillies of St. Giles in the Fields, the Liberty of Saffron-hill. Hat-ton-garden, and Ely-rents, in the Parish of St. Andrew llolborn, St. Dunstan Stepney, St. Paul Shadivell, St. Anne in Middlesex, St. Sepulchre's, in Middlesex, St. Luke Middlesex, and St. James Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Parillies of the said County, is referred, have Leave to* fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the Ilonfe.

Dudley’s Ordered, That Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Dennis, Mr. S/oper,

Luate. Mr. Kynaston, Mr. White, Sir Roger Brad/haigh, Sir Wilfred Lawson, and Mr. Winnington, he added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for.inrolling of certain Indentures of Lease and R cl case executed by Sir William Dudley, and Dame Elizabeth his Wife; and for making the Exemplification and attested Copies of such Indentures, and also of an Act of Parliament, and certain Articles

' Maii. A. 1737*

of Agreement therein referred to, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Ireland; is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Niue of the Clock.

Lume, 90 die Maii j

Anno io* Georgii Ilai Regis, 1737.

Pra ye rs.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Oxenfoi-d, Coak from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended exported at the Door; v

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Quantity of Coals which have been exported to foreign Countries, for Seven Years, to Christmas 1735, and what Duty was paid thereon; distinguishing each Year, and each Place to which the same has been exported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Trench’i to veil the Estates of Frederick Trench. Esquire, in the Eftat*. Counties of West Meath and Meath, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to raise Money for the Payment of Debts; and, after discharging the said Debts, to the Use of the said Frederick Trench, and his Heirs; and for refettling other Lands, therein mentioned, to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gybbmt,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Turner, Lord Polzoarth,

Mr. Longueville, Mr. Hay* Lord Gage, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Plainer, Mr. Beaghan, Dr. Lee, Mr. Ashhy,

Mr. Smith, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Bathurst, Mr.

Coster, Sir James Grant, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Ccefar, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Plumptre, Mr.

Griffith, Colonel Onslow, Sir Robert Clifton, Mr. Lock-xvood. Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Corbett, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Jof\Pe lining! on, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Cholmonde-ley, Mr Pollen, Mr. Archer, Sir Wm. Courltnax}, Dr.

Butler, Mr. Chaffin, Sir Geo. Cafioal, Mr. Walker:

And they are to meet this Afternodn, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Drummond, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Poor Relief, Penion, Mr. Alderman Perry, Sir James Campbell, &c< Mr. Polhill, Sir James Grant, Mr. Treby, Mr. Gildart,

Mr. Fox, Mr. Steri, Mr. Pturner, Mr. Velham, Mr, Ojbaldefton, Sir Francis Boynton, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr.

Sloper, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Turner, Lord Sidney Beauclerk, Mr. Archer, Mr. Low I her, Mr. Jewkes, Mr. Oglethorpe, be added to the felet’t Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment1 of the Poor; and also the Bill for the more effectual pu milling Rogues and Vagabonds, and for the better Relief and Employment of such poor Persons as are therein mentioned; are committed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, and principal Inhabit- 'n,1rew ants, of the Parish of St. Andrew llolborn above the Bars, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was pre- Watch, &< fented to the House, and read; praying, That the Bill, now depending in this House, fur the better regulating the Nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the Parish of St. Andrew llolborn above the Bars, and Liberty of Saffron-hill, 11 a Lion-gar den, and Ely-rents, may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

io Geo. II. 9* Mali. 879

demoting An ingrossfed Bill lo enable Jordan Langdale, of Cliff, lability1 in the ^OUDty to ^ue* or maintain any Action

by Outlawry or Suit, notwithstanding his Outlawry; and to remove any Dilabtlily in him, by reason of his said Outlawry, to take or inherit any real orpersonal Estate that may or shall hereafter descend or come to him; was r£ad the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pi'efs a L. 24. To leave oat " Commissioners/* and insert " said Trustees;" and, in the same Line, between the Word and* and the Word u veiled/’ insert " is:*’ And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the iloufe: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

llefoiced, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Jot dan Langdale, of Cliff\ in the County of York, to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Outlawry; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Outlawry, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall liereufter descend or come to him, and also fitch real Estate as he w as in tit led unto in Reversion or Remainder, before his said Outlawry.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Pennington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dcfiic their Concurrence.

Vefhninrter An ingrossed Bill for explaining and amending an Untile. Ad, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge ends the River Thames, from the Sew Palace-yard, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, was read t he Third time.

lit/<lved. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he. An Act for explaining and amending an Act, pnfTcd in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his prc.'ent Majesty, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the j\Y.v Palace-yard, in the City of M'cjhninster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That the Lord Snndon do carry the Dill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

After which, the Blank left in the Bill, for the Title thereof, was filled up by the Clerk at the l able.

Stallin'*- Mr. M°nfi%n reported from the Committee, to whom borou/ii the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Iucioiure. dividing and metaling certain open and common Fields within the Lord ship and Purish of Stalling bo rang h, in the County of Lincoln, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to ieport the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill iu at the Clerk’s 'Fable.

Prtfnran >n Mr* Alderman Perry, according to Order, reported nr from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Shipwrecks. Bill tar the better pretarving all such Ships, and Goods thereof, which find! happen to he forced on Shore, or flrandod.'.upon the Courts of this Kingdom, or any other of His Majesty's Dominions, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deliverer! the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Quelliou severally put 1 hereupon, one of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to 1)V the House.

And an Amendment was marie by the House to the Pill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrolfed.

Mr. Heart/ Rallr.trji reported from tke Committee, to

Vol. 2 2.

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Dudley* Act for Inrolling of certain Indentures of Lease and Re- tll4te* lease executed by Sir William Dudley, and Dame Elizabeth his Wife; and for making the Exemplification and attested Copies of such Indentures, and also of an Act of Parliament, and certain Articles of Agreement therein referred to, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Ireland; was committed; and to whom the Petition of Hubert 70/ww Esquire, was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as follows; viz.

Press 3. L. 25. After u should," to insert " by any " Instrument in Writing :"

And the same w as, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported Ways from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it and Meuus-was referred to consider further of Ways and Means fur raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Refutations which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as foliuweth; viz.

liefolved. That it is the Opinion of this Committed,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of One Million out of fuel) Monies as have arisen, of shall or may arit'e, of the Surpluses, Exceifes, or Overplus-monies, commonly called the Sinking Fund.

liefolved\ That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for the Encouragement of the Paper Manufacture of this Kingdom, there shall not be allowed any Drawback or Repayment of Custams, charged upon foreign Paper which shall he imported into Great Britain, upon the Exportation thereof.

liefolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Ma-jeliy, a further Duty of Nine Pence per Bulliel be laid upon all Oysters imported into Great Britain.

The First and Second Refutation of the Committee* being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the I Ion fe.

The Third Refutation, being read a Second time, was re-committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, upon the Resolutions reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and agreed to by the House the 21 ft Day of March last, for laying a Duty upon Apples imported into this Kingdom, and for continuing the Bounty upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder, That they do insert a Clause, or Clauses, in one of the said Bills, pursuant to the Second Resolution this Day reported from the said Committee, and agreed to by the House.

A Petition of the several Freemen resident in the Bo- i.eiceft«r rough of Leicester, and Inhabitants of the said Borough JElediou. paying Scotland Lot there; whole Names are thereunder written, on belmlf of themselves, and many Hundreds of the said Freemen and Inhabitants, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That on the 23d Day of April 1737 came on the Election ofa Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Leicester, when Walter Ruding Esquire, and James' Wig ley Esquire, in the room of Sir George Beaumont Baronet, deceased, stood Candidates: That William Brijhfield, Mayor, and

Leonard

Supply Bill;

Duty on Swe«U, &c.

880 90 — id

Leonard Piddock, Bailiff, of the said Borough, behaved t hemfeIves very partially, in favour of the said Mr. Wig--lei), and in the Execution of their Offices; and many other undue, illegal, and corrupt Practices were made use of, for, and on the behalf of the said Mr. Wig ley, in order to procure him to be elected and returned for the said Borough; and he is returned accordingly, notwit hfta lading the said Waller Bit ding was duly elected to represent the said Borough by a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned for the fame: And therefore praying. That this House will be pica fed to take tire Premises into Consideration, and give the _ Petitioners such Relief therein as shall be just

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be beard, at the Bar of this House, upon Monday the Sixth Day of June next.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the present Duty on Sweets, and for granting a less Duty thereupon;

The House was moved, That a Clause of an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing Frauds and Abuses in the publick Revenues; for preventing Frauds in the Salt Duties, and for giving Relief for Salt used in the curing of Salmon and Codfilh in the Year 1710, exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for enabling the insurance Companies to plead the General I (file in Actions brought against them, and for securing the Stamp Duties upon Policies of insurance; which Clause impowers the Commissioners of the Inland Duties on Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate, or Justices of the Peace, upon Oath to them made by the Officers of the said Inland Duties, that they suspect Dealers in the said Commodities not to have made just Entries in their Books, to examine upon Oath, or Affirmation, such fnfpefted Dealers, touching the Truth of the Entries made in their Books; and subjects to a Penalty such Dealers neglecting or refuting to make such Oath or Affirmation; might be read.

And the said Clause being read accordingly;

And a Motion being made, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for repealing that Clause of the said Act.;

The House was moved, That the lad Clause of 21 Bill, depending in this House in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, A Bill for repealing several Subsidies, and an impost now payable on Tobacco of the British Plantations, whereby that Clause of the said Act; was proposed to be repealed, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly; n

And the Question being put, That it be an Inftrnc-tion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for repealing that Clause in the said Act;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for the more effectunl recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by an Act, made in the iaft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of spirituous Liquors, and for liceufing the Retailers thereof; and for enabling Persons, filed for what is done in the Execution of the said Act, to plead the General I flue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence; and for subjecting the Plaintiffs in Rich Actions to the Payment of feme Costs in particular Cafes.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to recive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That it he an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for

0 Mail.' 1737.

making forih Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, and Orders, left, burnt, or otherwise destroyrd.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had made feme Progress in the Bill; and that lie was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wcdmfday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mortis, ic° dieMaii;

Anno 10° Georgii II*1 Regis, 1737.

Prayers.

MR. Fane reported from the Committee, to whom Swyirrwi’r the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An EiUc. Act to enable the Guardians of Antony Langley Suyturner, an Infant, to Join in making Leases of certain Mines in the County of Flint, with the other Owners thereof, during the Minority of the said Infant, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con-fen t to the Bill, to the SaDsfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Walkin Williams Wynne reported from the Com- Shakerley'* mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in- ^intituled, An Act to enable Peter Shakerley and George Shakerley, Sons of George Shakerley Esquire, to make suitable Jointures for their Wives* and Provision for their Daughters and younger Sons, out of the Eliates of the said George Shakerley the Father, lying in the Counties of Chester and Lancaster, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Fable.

Mr. Cartwright reported from the Committee, to Abth-'r e whom the Bdl for making the Chapel, in the Hamlet fcuilh of Abihorpe and Formate, in the Parish of Towcester, t:iiur. m. in the County of Northampton, a Parish Church, and for appointing a Dili riot or Parish thereto; and for enabling the Master of the Free Grammar School, within the said Hamlet of Abthorpe and Formate, to he Vicar of the said Parish Church; was committed,

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bdl, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the I Joule; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bdl, with tin* Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severalfy put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he ing rolled.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ft r dividing and inclosing cerium open common fciehis l ornu within the Lord ill ip and Parish f»f Stallingborough, m Iiu-Hji the County of Lincoln, was read the I hire) time.

Be/hlvcd, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered,

Earl of rich il Tea's ilute.

urry, & c. Roads.

rfons

ing armed Disguise.

iO Geo. IL 10° — ii° Mali. 881

Ordered, That Mr. Monson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this HotSfe hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Gybbon reported from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Daniel late Earl of Winch ilfe a and Nottingham deceased, for Payment of Debts and Incumbrances charged upon and act’ecting the fame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con fen t to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House 5 and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 7. L. 17. After " Mqftyn," insert " or Press 13. L. 41. After "Britain" insert "other than " such Estates, in the County of Kent. as were late the " Estates of John late Earl oiWinchilfea, deceased, and <c which, by his Death, came to the said Daniel late " Earl of Winchilfea and Nottingham, deceased

" Press 16. L. 18. After " Provi foes, ’’insert " Payments:"

Press 17. L. 22. Leave out "of," and, instead thereof, insert u if:"

Press 18. L. 31, After " Fine," insert "and to settie any of the said Premises, for a Jointure, to any " Woman lie, who shall be in Possession of the said " Premises, then has married, or shall marry, not exceeding the Proportion of One hundred Pounds per " Annumlor every Thousand Pounds which he shall re-iC ceive, or hath received, bona jide, without Fraud or <c Collusion, as and for the Portion of such Woman Prefs20. L. 35. After "deceased," insert "the said " Heneage Earl of Ailesford; the said Heneage Finch, u commonly called Lord Guernsey; and the said John " Finch, Brother of the said Earl of Aitesford

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, several Acts of Parliament, made in the Fourth, Sixth, and Tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, respectively, for repairing and amending the several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Surry, Kent, and Sussex, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for explaining and amending, and making more effectual, several Acts of Parliament, made in the Fourth, Sixth, and Tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, respectively, forrepairing the several Roads, therein mentioned, in the Counties of Surry, Kent, and Sussex, and for inlarging the Terms and Powers by the said Acts granted; and for repairing the Road lying between Nonesuch and Worcester Parks, in the Parish of Cuddingtony in the said County of Suriy.

Ordered, That Colonel Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing an Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evibdisposed Persons go-ingarmed in Disguise, anddoingInjuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; and for continuing Two Clauses, to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or Sea Bank, and to prevent the malicious Cutting of Hop-binds, contained in an Act passed in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, was read the Third time.

Vol. 22.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 7. L. 10. After " Clergy," to insert " and:"

Press 8. L. 20. To leave out the Word " either:"

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing an Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evibdisposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; and for continuing Two Clauses to prevent-the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or Sea Bank, and to prevent the malicious Cutting of Hop-binds, contained in an Act passed in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign; and for the more effectual Punishment of Persons removing any Materials used for securing Marsh or Sea Walls or Banks; and of Persons maliciously fettingon fire any Mine, Pit, or Delph of Coal, or Canel Coal; and of Persons unlawfully hunting or taking any Red or Fallow Deer in Forests or Chaces, or beating or wounding Keepers, or other Officers, in Forests, Chaces, or Parks; and for more eftedually securing the Breed of Wild Fowl.

Ordered, That Mr. Compton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Tiirner presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for laying a further Duty upon Apples imported from foreignJParts; and for continuing an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for grantingan Allowance upon the Exportation of British-mzAe Gunpowder; and for taking off the Drawback upon Exportation of foreign Paper: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Holland, Mr. Noell, Mr. Moun-tagne, Mr. Ord, Mr. P ley dell, Mr. Shaftoe, Mr. Hooper, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Femoick, Mr. Blackett, Mr. Master, Mr. llucks, Sir Cordell Firebi'ace, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the better regulating the Nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn above the Bars, and Liberty of Sajjron-hill> llatlon-garden, and Ely-rents, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 11° die Mali;

Anno 10° Georgii II" Regis, 1737 - Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Daniel late Earl of Winchilfea and Nottingham, deceased, for Payment of Debts and Incumbrances charged upon and afieding the fame, and ffor other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gybbon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill for making the Chapel in the Hamlet of Abthorpe and Foxcoate, in the Parish of Towcestery in the County of Norlha?npton, a Parish Church, and for appointing a Distriftor Parish thereto; and for enabling the Mailer of the Free Grammar School, within the 10 P said

Supply Bill; Duty on Apples imported, &c.

Sc. Andrew Holborn Nightly Watch,

Earl of Winchilfea'* Estate.

Abthorpe

Parish

Church.

Shakerley’s

Kflate.

Dudley’s

Estate.

Swymmer’s

Estate.

Foreign and British Sailcloth.

Supply Bill;

Duty on Sweets, kc.

882 1 I° —

said Hamlet of Ablhorpc and Foxcoate, to be Vicar of the said Parish Church; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title he, An Act for making the Chapel, in the Hamlet of Abthorpe and Foxcoate, in the Parish of Towcejier, in the County of Northampton, a Parish Church, and for appointingaDiftrift or Parish thereto; and for enabling the Matter of the Free Grammar School, within the said Hamlet of Abthorpe and Foxcoate, to be Vicar of the said Parish Church.

Ordered, That Mr. Cartzcright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Peter Shaker ley and George Shakerley, Sons of George Shakerlei) Esquire, to make suitable Jointures for their Wives, and Provision for their Daughters and younger Sons, out of the Estates of the said George Shakerlei) the Father, lying in the Counties of Chester and Lancaster, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Watkin Williams Wynne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Inrolling of certain Indentures of Lease and Release, executed by Sir JVm. Dudley, and Dame Elizabeth his Wife; and for making the Exemplification and attested Copies of such Indentures, and also of an Act of Parliament, and certain Articles of Agreement therein referred to Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Ireland; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Bathurst do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment: To which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Guardians of Anthony Langley Swymmer, an Infant, to join in making Leases of certain Mines, in the County of Flint, with the other Owners thereof, during the Minority of the said Infant, was read the Third time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Fa:it: do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Gross Amount of the Duties arising from foreign Sailcloth imported into this Kingdom, from Christmas 1734 to Christmas 1736, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Bounty paid on British-made Sail-cloth exported to foreign Parts, from Christmas 1734 to Christmas 1736, distinguishing each Year.

120 Mail. A. 1737.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis> 120 die Maii;

Anno 10° Georgii IIdI Regis, 1737.

Prayers.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. John Bennet and Mr. Lighthoun:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Cary’i for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of George Cary Esquire, lying in the County of Devon, for discharging several Debts and Incumbrances of his late Father and Grandfather; and for settling an Estate in the County of Middlesex, to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Francis Child reported from the Committee to Ongley^&c, whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Estate. Act to establish an Agreement made by the Devisees of Sir Samuel Ongley Knight, deceased, with Sir Roger Iludson Knight, for the Sale of Two Messuages on the East Side of Bishopsgate-free I, in the City of London\ and for the Purchase of Two Messuages on the North Side of Threadneedle-Jireet, in the said City, with Part of the Money arising from the said Sale, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Bill for layinga further Duty upon Apples imported Supply Kill; from foreign Parts; and for continuing an Act, passed Dulyol! in the Fourt h Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of p British-made Gunpowder; and for taking off the Drawback upon Exportation of foreign Paper; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, refoive it fell’ into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for repealing the present Duty upon Sweets, and for grantinga less Duty thereupon, be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the better Encouragement of Informers against Offences committed against the Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of spirituous Liquors, and for li-ceufing the Retailers thereof.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

17

Sir John Barnard reported from the Committee to Iniprwifij whom the Bill for the better regulating the Nightly Iomion Watch and Beadles within the City of London, and Strcels-Liberties thereof; and for making more effectual the Laws now in being for paving and cleansing the Streets and Sewers in and about the said City; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards ..... the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the

io Geo. II.

12* — 130 Maii.

883

►itfcnration of Ship-wrecks.

rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the Hotife.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for the better preserving all such Ships, and Goods thereof, which llinll happen to be forced on Shore, or stranded, upon the Coasts of this Kingdom, or any other of his Majesty’s Dominions, was read the Third time.

llrfolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better preserving Ships stranded, or forced on Shore, and the Furniture and Cargoes thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deflre their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sir John Barnard reported from the Committee to Reftorof St. whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An nines ^Ic°l Act for confirming an Agreement between the Rector Agreement, of the ParHh Church of St.| Mary Woolnoth, and of s the united Parishes of St. Mary Woolnoth and St.

Mary Woolchurch, in the City of London, and the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, of the said City, with the Consent of the Patron and Ordinary, for the Grant of a Parcel of Ground, therein mentioned, lying in Stocks Market, to the said Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, in Consideration of a Rent of Ten Pounds a Year, payable to the said Rector, and his Successors, for ever; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

6lc

Improving

London

Streets.

Misapplication of

County

Rates.

Bofliney

Writ.

Venerisy 130 Maii;

Anno io* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1737.

Pray ers.

AN ingrossed Bill for the better regulating the Nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the City of Ixnxdon, and Liberties thereof; and for making more effectual the Laws now in being for paving and cleansing the Streets and Sewers in and about the said City; was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill: Prese 3. L. 30. To leave out the Word " or And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better regulating the NightlyWatch, and Beadles, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof; and for making more effectual the Laws now in being for paving and cleansing the Streets and Sewers in and about the said City.

Ordered, That Sir John Barnard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir Chrifiapher ParcellM and Mr. Balle, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and great Numbers of the Inhabitants, of the several Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields, the Liberty of Saffron-hill, Hat-ton-garden, and Ely-rents, in the Parish of St. Andrexo Holborn, St. Dunstan Stepney, St. Paul Shadwell, St. Anne in Middlesex, St. Sepulchre's in Middlesex, St. Luke Middlesex, and St. James Clerkenwell\ in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Parishes of the said County, is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Boffiney, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of TozvnJ/iend Andrews Esquire, deceased.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from Supply Bill; the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for |^uty on repealing the present Duty on Sweets, and for grantinga 5,"ects* less Duty thereupon, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout $ and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Graham’s

Estate.

Earl of

Dudley

Estate.

Ongley*s,fcc.

Estate.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act taestablish au Agreement made by the Devisees of Sir Samuel Otigley Knight, deceased, with Sir Roger Hudson Knight, for the Sale of Two Messuages on the East Side of Bijkopfgate-street, in the City of London; and for the Purchase of Two Me flu ages on the North Side of T/ireadncedle-fircet, in the said City, with Part of the Money arising from the said Sale; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Child do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Vol. 22.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. John Bennet and Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor of Kippax, in the County of York,

Part of the settled Estate of Sir Reginald Graham Baronet; and for settling his Estates at Norton and Numoick, in the same County, being of greater Value, to the same Uses; and for making a Partition of the Manor of Whitwell between him and his Brother Richard Graham Esquire: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale ^hillWs of Part of the Estate of Daniel late Earl of lVinchil- 1 ate‘

fta and Nottingham, deceased, for Payment of Debts and Incumbrances charged upon and affecting the fame, and for other Purpose9 therein mentioned. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Inrolling of certain Indentures of Lease and Release executed by Sir William Dudley, and Dame Elizabeth his Wife; and for making the Exemplification and attested Copies of such Indentures, and also of an Act of Parliament, and certain Articles of Agreement therein referred to, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Ireland. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Church of the rarifli of St.

Olave, in the City of London, and in the Borough of Southxcark, in the County of Surrey, without any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Westminster Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Nczv Palace-yard, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, without any Amendment*

And then the Messengers withdrew*

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Graham's

Estate.

SU Olave Southwark Church.

Gooffl<

884 i3° — i

for Sale of the Manor of Kippax, in the County of York, Part of the settled Estate of Sir Reginald Graham Baronet; and for settling his Estates at Norton and Numvick, in the same County, being of greater Value, to the same Uses; and for making a Partition of the Manor of Whitzveli between him and his Brother Richard Graham Esquire; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. '

Ways The other Orders of the Day being read; and Means. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-I)uty nn fog next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole p<med| &c. House, upon the Bjll for laying a further Duty upon Apples imported from foreign Parts; and for continuing an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting an Allowance Upon the Exportation of Britishrmade Gunpowder; and for taking off the Drawback upon Exportation of foreign Paper,

Misappli- Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Peti-

County t,on Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Rates. great Numbers of the Inhabitants of the several Pari (hes of St. Giles in the Fields, the Liberty of Saffron-hilly Hatton Garden, and Ely Rents, in the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn, St. Dunstan. Stepney, St. Paid Shadwell, St. Anne in Middlesex, St. Sepulchre's in Middlesex, St. Luke Middlesex, and St. James Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Parishes of the said County, is referred, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 1 6° die Mali;

Anno io* Georgii II4* Regis, 1737.

Prayers.

Trench’s S\RD ERED, That Mr. Conolly, Mr. Fane, Mr.

Estate. L/ Coplefon, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Mr. Laroche, Captain Robinson, Colonel Selzvyn, Mr. Selzvyn, Lord Boyne, Mr. Cary, be added to the Committee to whom the , ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to veil the Estates of Frederic Trench Esquire, in the Counties of West Meath and Meath, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to raise Money for the Payment of Debts, and, after discharging the said Debts, to the Use of the said Frederic Trench, and his Heirs; and for resettling other Lands, therein mentioned, to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement; is committed.

Rector of St. An ingr°ffed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mary Wool- for confirming an Agreement between the Rector of noth’s, &c. the Parish Church of St. Mary Woolnoth, and of the Agreement. un^e(j Parishes of St. Mary Woolnoth and St. Mary Woolchurch, in the City of London, and the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, of the said City, with the Consent of the Patron and Ordinary, for the Grant of a Parcel of Ground, therein mentioned, lying in Stock's Market, to the said Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, in Consideration of a Rent of Ten Pounds a Year, payable to the said Rector, and his Successors, for ever, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Barnard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

6° Maii. A. 1737*

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cary’s for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of George Cary ^ftau- Esquire, lying in the County of Devon, for discharging several Debts and Incumbrances of his late Father and Grandfather; and for settling an Estate in the County of Middlesex, to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir John Barnard, Sir James Grant,

Mr. Fydcll, Mr. Smelt, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Scazven,

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Longueville, Sir James Campbell,

Mr. Fox, Mr. Medlycoll, Mr. Lyndfay, Mr. Turner,

Sir Nicolas Williams, Sir Geo. Wynne, Mr. Winnington, Sir Jof Pennington, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Francis Child, Sir Eras. Phillips, Sir Wm. Clayton,

Mr. Ross, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Ccefar, Mr. Gregory, Dr.

Butler, Dr. Cotes, Mr. Earle, Sir Orl. Bridgman, Dr.

Lee, Mr. Digby, Mr* Cartwright, Mr. Buncombe, Mr.

Ere/kine, Lord Polwarlh, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Brereton, Sir Robert Monroe, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Edwards* Mr.

Path ill, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Ashe, Mr. Laroche, Mr.

Gulf one, Mr. Danvers, Lord Gage: and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon,

Wilts, J^eicester, and Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Pro-byn and Mr* Justice Comyns:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Imprinting disable Alexander WilJ'on Esquire from taking, holding, or enjoying, any Office or Place of Magistracy, on* in the City of Edinburgh, or elsewhere in Great Britain; and for imprisoning the said Alexander Wilson; and for abolishing the Guard kept up in the said City, commonly called the Town Guard; and for taking away the Gates of the Nethej'-bow Port of the said City, and keeping open the fame; To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Sevennight.

Resolved, That the Lords be desired, at a Conference, That the Grounds upon which the said Bill proceeded in the House of Lords may be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Matter, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for that Purpose:

And it is referred to Mr. Attorney General, Mr.

Solicitor General, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Rushout, Mr.

Stephen Fox, Mr. Henry Fox, Sir Wm. Wyndham,

Sir James Campbell, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr.

Lindsay, Dr* Lee, Mr. Serjeant Skinner, Sir Wm.

Chappie, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Glanville, Colonel Mordaunt, Mr. Winning ton, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Polwarlh,

Sir Thomas Saunderson, Mr. Oglethorpe, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Gore, Sir James Grant, Mr. E ref cine,

Lord John Murray, Mr. Pelham, Sir John Hind Cotton; or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Way* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, aniJ Mra to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Sup'ply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon WednesdayNlorn- Supply f ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ^ut>j House, upon the Bill for laying a further Duty upon Apples imported from foreign Parts; and for continuing an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation

Graham's

LtUte.

Trench's

Lute.

C»mfi rcnre w it hi.on Is — Imprisonin*'

A. Wi 1 Ion,

&c.

JO Geo. II. 17" — 18 885

portation of British-made Gunpowder; and for taking oft* the Drawback upon Exportation of foreign Paper.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 170 die Maii;

Anno io* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1737. Phatehs.

A N ingrofiTed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act il for Sale of the Manor of Kippax, in the County of Yorkr, Part of the settled EstateofSir Reginald Graham Baronet; and for settling his Estates at Norton and Numoick, in the same County, being of greater Value, to the same Uses; and for making a Partition of the Manor of Whit well between him and his Brother Richard Graham Esquire; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Miles St apyIt on, Mr. I lucks, Mr. Falconer, Sir James Grant, Mr. Hamilton, Sir James CamjMl, Mr. Heron, Mr. Kirkpatrick, Sir A hr. El/on, Mr. Ercjkine, Mr. Cunningham, Sir James Hamilton, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Mounta-gur, Mr. Gland lie, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Holden, Mr. Chcfu'and, Mr. WUhinfon, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Hap, Mr. Sandy*, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Serjeant Skinner, Sir Francis Bwntotl, Mr. Vit far, Mr. Fydrll, Mr. I.onguetille, Dr. Culler, Lord polwarth, Sir / hu Rams ilci, Mr. Athbv, Mr. Lloyd; and all the Members who fi rve for the County of York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Mr. Gybbon reported from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intitule d, An Act for vesting the Estates of Frederick Trench Esquire, in the Counties of Wed Meath and Meath, in the kingdom of Ireland, in Troftees, to raise Money, for ti.o Payment of Debts, and, after discharging the said Debts, to the Use of the said Frederick Trench, and his I leirs; and f >r resettling other Lands, therein mentioned, to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement; was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found, That the Orders of the I louse, concerning Notices to be given in Ireland, before any private Bill relating to Estates there be brought in, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con fen t to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the 1 louse, without any Amendment: And lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the Committee appointed Yesterday to prepare Matter, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, That they had prepared the same accordingly; which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was twice read, and agreed to by the House; and is as follows; viz.

The Commons, in order to preserve that good Correspondence which is always so necessary to be kept up between both Houses, have desired this Conference, to acquaint your Lordships, That the Commons, having entered upon the Consideration of the Bill, intituled, An Act to disable Alexander Wilson Esquire from taking, holding, or enjoying, any Office, or Place of Magistracy, in the City of Edinburgh, or elsewhere in Great Britain; and for imprisoning the said Alexander Wil/on; and for abolishing the Guard kept up in the said City, commonly called the Town Guard; and for taking away the Gates of the Nether Row Port of the said City, and keeping open the fame; and having read the same the First time; and ordered it a Se-

Vol. 24.

cond Reading, upon Wednesday the 25th of this Instant; do observe, That the Matters of Fast suggested in the said Bill, as the Grounds and Foundation upon which it seems to have proceeded in the House of Lords, do not sufficiently appear before the Commons; and therefore they have desired this Conference, that they may have the Assistance of the Lords, in laying the State of the said Matters of Fast before the Commons.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the Bill, intituled,

An Act to disable Alexander Wilson Esquire from taking, holding, or enjoying, any Office, or Place of Magistracy, in the City of Edinburgh, or elsewhere in Great Britain; and for imprisoning the said Alexander Wilson; and for abolilliing the Guard kept up in the said City, commonly called the Town Guard; and for taking away the Gates of the Nether Bow Port of the said City, and keeping open the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Townshend do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

Mr. Townshend reported to the House, That, he having, according to Order, been at the Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Subject-matter of the said Bill, the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint th£ fame, presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, who were appointed Yesterday to prepare Matter, to be ottered to the Lords at a Conference, do manage the said Conference.

And their Names were called over.

And they went to the Conference.

Aud, being returned;

Mr. Attorney General reported, That the Managers had been at the Conference, and had delivered to the Lords what this House had directed.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the \vay whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means and Mean#, for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, 0

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House willpleafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 18° die Maii;

Anno io* Georgii IIdI Regis, 1737.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that a Person, from foreign the Commissioners of, the Customs, attended at an(j the Door; Sailcloth.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Grofs Amount of the Duties arising from foreign Sail-cloth imported into England, from Christmas 1734 to Chrifi-mas 1736; distinguisfiingeach Year: And also,

An Account of the Bounty paid on British -made Sailcloth exported to foreign Parts, from Christmas 1734 to Christmas 1736; distinguishing each Year.

Ane then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying a further Duty upon Apples imported from foreign Parts; and for continuing an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his p re fen Majesty, for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of BritiJIhm&de Gun-lo Q powder

886 i8° M ' 1737.

powder; and for taking off the Drawback upon Exportation of foreign Paper; is committed.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Trench's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Euate. to veil the Eilat es of Frederick Trench Esquire, in the Counties of West Meath and Meath, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to raise Money, for the Payment of Debts, and, after discharging the said Debts, to the Use of the said Frederick Trench, and his Heirs; and for refettling other Lands, therein mentioned, to the Ufesof his Marriage Settlement; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gybbon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ways Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from

and Means. the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Rates and Duties now payable upon foreign Oystersimported into this Kingdom, shall, from and after the 24th Day of June 1737, cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Pence j>er Bushel, Strike-measure, of the Winchester Corn Bushel, be laid upon all foreign Oysters imported into this Kingdom, in lieu of all other Rates and Duties already imposed thereon.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Horsemonden Turner, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Polhill, Admiral Haddock, and Mr. Gybbon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply Bill; A Motion being made. That the ingrossed Bill for re-s DUta °& Peahng the present Duty on Sweets, and for granting "ee ’ c* a less Duty thereupon, be read the Third time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty gives his Consent, That this House may apply so much of the Money arising from the Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by Offenders against an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, A11 Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of spirituous

Liquors; and for Ticensing the Retailers thereof; for the Encouragement of Informers profeenting those Offenders; in such manner as the House shall think fit.

Then the said Bill for repealing the present Duty on Sweets, and for granting a less Duty thereupon, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing the present Duty on Sweets, and for granting a less Duty thereupon; and for explaining, and enforcing the Execution of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of spirituous Liquors; and for licensing the Retailers thereof; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, and Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House .20

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for laying a Duty upon Apples imported from foreign Parts; an 1 for continuing an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of British-ma.de Gunpowder; and for taking off the Drawback upon Exportation of foreign Paper;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, for the more effectualPayment of the Bounty allowed upon the Exportation of British-made Sail-cloth.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, for giving further Time for Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties omitted to be paid for their Indentures, and Contracts.

A Motion being made, That it be an Instruction to the iaid Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for giving Liberty to use Rock Salt in the Making of Salt from Sea-water in the Salt-works at or near Neath in the County of Glamorgan;

The Second Section of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to explain the Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the Ease of her Majesty’s Subjects, in relation to Allowances out of the Duties upon Salt carried Coast-wife; and also an Act, of the Firit Year of her Majesty’s Reign, in relation to certain Salt-works near the Sea-side, and Bay of Holyhead, in the County of Anglesea; was read.

And the Question being put. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for giving Liberty to use Rock Salt in the Making of Salt from Sea-water in the Salt-works at or near Neath, in the County of Glamorgan;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j . £ 39.

Tellers for the Noes,; } .05.

So it passed in the Negative.

S"PP]y Bilk Duty on Apples imported See*

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Whitechapel for inlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, toWoodft>r<], passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Ma- 5£C, Koadi' jesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the Stones End at Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Shenfwld, and to the fur thermo ft part of the Parish of Woodford, leading to the Town of Epphig, in the County of Essex\ and for repairing the Road leading from the Causeway in the Pari 111 of Low Layton, through Wanstead, to the End of the Parish of Woodford, next to the Parish of Chigxvell, in the said County of EJex; without any Amendment.

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Removing to enable Jordan Langdale, of Cliff, in the County of La"£da.,e’s York, to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, not with- byQutlawiy standing his Outlawry; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Outlawry, to take or inherit any real or personalEstate that may orfliaii hereafter de-feeni or come to him; q,nd also such real Estate as he was intitled unto, inReversion or Remainder, before his said Outlawry; without any Amendment. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act phyhouses for the more effectual preventing the unlawful Playing in Preciutfi of Interludes within the Precincts of thetwo Uni verb ties, of the I m-in that Part of Great Britain called England, and the veril, C!>' Places adjacent; and for explaining and amending so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of spirituousLiquors, and for licenling the Retailersthereofj as may affect the Privilege of the said Universities, with respect to liceufing Taverns, and all other publick

Houses,

G

Baratiy' Nut.

Cous.’renrc Hrfir»il by Lind* — ' liiijn ifoning A. \\ »ltun. It.

Supply Bill; Duty on Apple* imported,

Conference U*ill) the Lord* —

Impnfoning A. \\ illon,

Ac.

io Geo. II. i8° — 19 0 Mali.887

H onfts, within the Precincts of the fame; with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for \YA\\\r<\\\7A\\zll(irthol'mcwBaratty. with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this I louse. And also,

The Lords do desire a present Conference with this iloufe, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

And then the Mettengrrs withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to meet the lA>rds, at a Conference, as their Lordshipsdo desire.

Aud the MefTcngers were aguin called in: And Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Jie/blved. That this House will, after the Conference, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for laving a further Duty upon Apples imported from Foreign Parts; and for continuing an Act, passed in the Fourth Year oft he Reign of his present Majesty, for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of /?r/V///i-m:uIe Gunp-.uder; and for takingolTtlie Drawback upon Exportation of foreign Paper.

Ordered, That the Committee, who managed the lad Conference, do manage this Conference.

And the Names of the Managers were called over:

And they went to the Conference:

And, being returned;

Mr. Attorney General reported, That the Managers had been at the Conference, which was managed, on the Part of the Lords, by the Lord President, who acquainted the Manage rs, That the Lords, having the same Dif,«>fitiun with the Commons, to maintain a per-fest good Correspondence between the Two Houses, had desiredthis Conference, to acquaint the Commons, That they having, at a Conference, desired the Aflittance of the Lords, in laving more fully before them the State of the Matter of Fact, upon which the Bill, intituled, An Act to ddable Alexander Wilson Esquire from taking, holding, or enjoying, any Office, or Place of Magitirncy, in the City of Edinburgh, or elsewhere in Great Britain: and for imprisoning the said Alexander Wilson; and for abolishing the Guard kept up in the said City, commonly called the Town Guard; and for taking aw ay the Gates of the Nether Bozv Port of the said City, and keeping open the same; was grounded; the Lords had commanded them to lay before the Commons an authentick Extract of the Proceedings in the Tryal of Captain John Par Icons; wherein is contained the Verdic t against the said Captain Porteous; the Sentence of the Lords of Judiciary in Scotland against him; and the Reprieve of the said CaptainPorlcous, granted by her Majesty, as Guardian of the Realm; as also a Letter from Alexander lf 'il/un, Provost of Edinburgh, to Major General Moyle, dated Edinburgh, 13th April 1736:

And that the said Bill was likewise grounded upon Evidence given by John Lyn, a Captain Lieutenant of the City Guard, Robert Stewart, John Dinn, John Baily, Alexander Xijbet, Captain Bendijk, Lieutenant Ashton, MajonRefor/ow, Major General Moyle, RoderickBroume, Christopher ChiJJblm, and Lieutenant General Wade;

Which, in their Lordships Opinion, did make out the Allegations of the said Bill.

Mr. Attorney General also reported, That the Lords, at the Conference, delivered to the Managers the said authentick Extract and Letter.

And the same were brought up to the Table.

And the said Report was read.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General and Mr. Solicitor General do take Care, That the Evidence for the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to disable Alexander Wilson Esquire from taking, holding, or enjoying, any Office, or Place of Magistracy, in the City of Edinburgh, or else where in Great Britain; and for imprisoning the said Alexander Wilson; and for abolish-Vol. 23.

ing the Guard kept up in the said City, commonly called the Town Guard; and for taking away the Gates of the Nether Bow Port of the said City, and keeping open the fame; be ready to be produced to this House, upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do appoint Counsel learned in the Law, to produce and manage the Evidence, at the Bar of this House, upon this day Sevennight, to make good the Allegations of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Major General Moyle do attend this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Colonel Drtiroure do attend this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Major Roberlon do attend this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Major Poole do attend this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Captain Bendifi do attend this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Lieutenant Ashton do attend this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered That Mr. John Dinn do attend this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Mr. John Baily do attend this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander Nijhet do attend this House this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Stuart do attend this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Mr. George Irvine do attend this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Young do attend this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Mr. Roderick Browne do attend this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Chri/lophe? Chijolm do attend this House upon this Day Sevennight.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Supply Bill; a Committee of I he whole House, upon the Bill for I)uty on. laying a further Duty upon Apples imported from so-reign Parts; and for continuing an Act, passed in the P Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for grantingan Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder; and for taking oft*the Drawback upon Exportation of foreign Paper.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reporte I from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy19° die Mali j

Anno io* Georgii II" Regis, 1737.

Prayers.

SI R Charles Turner presented to the House, ac- Supply Bill;

cording to Order, a Bill for repealing the Duties oa

payable ad Valorem upon foreign Oysters imported ers* into this Kingdom, and for laying another Duty thereon, in lieu thereof; And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from Supply Bill; the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying a further Duty upon Apples imported from foreign Parts; and for continuing an Act, passed in the Fourth

Year

St. Andrew

Holborn Nightly Witch, See.

Playlioufesin Precincts of the Univerli-t ies.

Call of the House.

888 ip° — 20° Mail. A. 1737*

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of British-nv<\de Gunpowder; and for taking off the Drawback upon exportation of foreign Paper; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Francis Child reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better regulating the Nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn above the Bars, and Liberty of SaJfron-hiUy Hat-ton-garden, and Ely rents, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Churchwarden, Overseers of the Poor, and several of the principal Inhabitants, of the Liberty of the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn above the Bars, in the County of Middlesextr, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Liberty, again (I the Paid Bill; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, and principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn above the Bars, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for the said Bill; were referred; /That the Committee had heard the Petitioners against the said Bill, by their Counsel; and had also heard Counsel for the Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Louis, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the unlawful Playing of Interludes within the Precincts of the Two Universities in that Part of Great Britain Called England, and the Places adjacent; and for explaining and amending so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act, for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of spirituous Liquors, and for licencing the Retailers thereof, as may atfeft the Privilege of the said Universities with respect to licensing Taverns, and all other publick Houses, within the Precincts of the fame:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz,

Pi'efs 1. L. 6, Leave out the Second " of

Press 3.L. J. After " Month," insert "any Licence " of the Chancellor, M afters, and Scholars, of either of <c the said Universities of Oxford or Cambridge, or any " thing herein, or in any other Statute, Law, Custom, " Charter, or Privilege, to the contrary notwithstanding."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Townshend do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lordships.

The other Order of the Day being read;

And a Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Sevennighi;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the fail! Question, by leaving out the Word " Sevennight," and to insert the Word " Month," instead thereof:

Then a Motion was made, and the Question being put; That the House do now adjourn;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 20° die Maiit;

Anno 10° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1737.

Pr AYE RS.

AN ingrossed Bill for laying a further Duty upon Apples imported from foreign Parts; and for continuing an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder; and for taking off the Drawback upon Exportation of foreign Paper; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for laving a Duty upon Apples imported from foreign Parts; and for continuing an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for grantingan Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder; and for taking oft’ the Drawback upon Importation of foreign Paper; and for the better (ecu ring the Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Brit ////-made Sail-cloth; and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contrafts of Clerks and Apprentices.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. N

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ilolford and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the Act, made in the Twenfy-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for Limitation of Actions, and for avoiding Suits in Law, being pleaded, infilled on, or taken Advantage of, by any Persons claiming under the last Will of Richard Norton, Esquire, of South wick, deceased, against any Claim, Title, or Demand, which Thomas Norton Esquire hath to or upon the Manor of Old Alresford, and Lands, in the County of Southampton, settled by Indenture of the Fifth of March One thou fund Six hundred and Fifty-ieven. of the Rents and Profits thereof, with One Amendment: To which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Relief of insolvent Debtors, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making the Chapel in the Hamlet of Abthorpe and Foxcoate, in the Pa iih of Towcester, in the County of Northampton, a Parish Church, and for appointing a District or Parish thereto; and for enabling the Malicr of the Free Grammar School within the said Hamlet of Abthorpe and Foxcoate to be Vicar of the said Parish Church, without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Black Bull Iun in Dlinkable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shafford house, in the County of Hertford; and for preventing the Driving of Cattle through private (hounds and Passages, to avoid the Payment of the Foil charged upon Cattle by an Act of the First Year of the Reign of ins late Majesty, and the Eighth Yrear of the Reign of his present Majesty,

Supply Bill Duty on Apples imported, &e.

Norton's

Estate.

11 fdvent Debtors.

Abthorpe

Paiifti.

Church.

Dunstable &c. Road

io Geo. II.

20° — 2 30 Mail.

889.

Surrey, $cc« Kuadft.

for repairing the Roads from South Mims to St. Albans, in the said County of Hertford; witivout any Amendment. And also.

The I on Is have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A & for explaining and amending, and mulling more effectual, several Acts of Parliament, made in the Fourth, Sixth, and Tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majiliy King George the First, refj rdtively, for repairing the Ycvenil Roads, therein mentioned, in the Counties of Sumy, Kent, and Suffer, and for inlarging thp Terms and Power's by the said Acts granted; and for repairing the Road lying Ik tween Nuie such and H'crcesUr Parks, in tJie Pat iili of Cuddington, in the said County of Sumy;

Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, tire fitme.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Imprisoning Alcxamlrr \\ ;Uon,’&c.

23* Maii;

Anno io* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1737. Prayers.

MR. Laroche reported from the Committee to whom tire ingrossed Bill from the Ix>rds, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of George Cary Esquire, lying in the County of Devon, for discharging . ~ ... , m. . - , . several Debts and Iucumbrangcs of his late father and

A Petition oi Alexander Jhlfon Esquire, Lord Provost; ,nd for f.-tilina :in F.fmte in tl-.r. County of

without any Amendment

Ami then the MeCingers withdrew.

Supply Bill;

on

On liu *.

Grandfather; and for settling an Estate in the County of Middlesex to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement; was committed: That the Committee had examined tire Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and tlrat the Parties equeerued hqdgivcu their Consentto the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Comiirittee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s T/rble.

The House proceeded, tp take into (Jonsideration the Amendment, made by the Lord?, to ^ie Bid, intituled, An Act to prevent an Act, made in the Twenty-firit Year of the Kcign of kin Julies thp Firit, intituled, An Act for Limitation of Actions, and for avoiding Suits in Law, being pleaded, infilled on, or taken Advantage otj by any lYrlons claiming under the lait W ill of Richard 'Norton Esquire, of Southiciek, deceuibd, against any . Claim, Title, or Demand, which Thoyias Norton Esquire

A Bill for repealing the Duties payable ad valorem hath t() or upon t|lc Manor of Old A/resford, and Lfiwta upon foreign Oysters imported into this Kingdom, and in tjlc County of Southampton, fcUled by Indenture of

of tire City of Edinburgh, was peeled ted to the Hpafc, and read; averring his entire Innocence of the fqveral Matters alleged against him in the Preamble of the Bill, now dc|>ending in this House, intiluled, An Act to disable Alexander fVilfon Esquire from taking, bolding, Of enjoying, any Office, or Place of ^giftracy, in ,the City of Edinburgh, or elsewhere in Great Britain, and for imprisoning the said Alexander JCdjon; and for aholirtiing Ihc Guard kept up in the said City, commonly called the Town Guard; and for taking awqy the Gab s of lbs Nether Bate Port of the said I ily, und keeping open |.lic fame; And therefore p:aving, That he may be heard, by his Cuunlcl, against the said Bill, at the Second Heading thereof.

Ordered, That the said Alexander ITil/bn be heard, by his Couulcl, against the said Bill, at the Second Heading thereof.

St. Andrew Holborn iNif^htly Wiitch, 5fc.

Law*

I'layenh of Inter ludm.

for laying another Duty llicreon in lieu thereof* was read a Second time.

Ee/blvcd, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rtfulved, That liiis House will, upon Monday Morning next, rtlolve itself.in^o a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for the betler regulating the Nightly Watch, and Bundles, within the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn td>ove the Bars, and Liberty of Saffron-lull, II( it ton-garden, and -Ely-rents, was read the third Time.

Rt/olved, 'Chat the bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the Liberty of Saffron-bill, Hatton-garden, and Ely-rents, in the Parish of St. Andrew HotU'rn, in the County of Middle fee.

Ordered, That Sir 'Francis Child do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That the First Section of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for reducing the laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, into One Act of Parliament; and for the more cfieftual punishing such Rogues, Vagabonds, ltqrdy Beggars, and Vagrants, and lending them whither they ought to be lent; might he read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be giv^ to bring im a Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign., of Queen Anne,. intituled, An Act for reducing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, Tandy Beggars, and Vagrants, into Onfe Act of Parliament; and for the more effectual punishing such Rogues, \ragabonds, lturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, and fending them whither they ought to be sent; as relates to the common Plavcrsof Interludes: And that Mr. Pelham, Mr. Dcddington, the Maker of the Rolls* Mr. How, Vol. 22.

the fifth of March Ope thousand Six hundred and Fifty -seven, or the Rents or Profits thereof:

And the said Amendment was read; and is as follow-cth; viz.

Press 4. L. 3. After " made," add a Proviso marked X: X: " Provided all’o, That, this Act shall not extend to " prejudice the next of Kin of the said Richard Norton, " as to fuel) Part of the said personul. Ellatcs as they, or " any of them, may hereafter be adjudged to be intitled " to; but that so much of the personal, Estate of the said " Richard Norton, as shall he recovered by the said " Thomas Norton, shall be subject to any Demand to be " made by such next of Kin, in like manner , as if this " Act had never been made."

Ordered\ 'Flint the said Amendment be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morping.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Relief of insolvent Debtors:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 13. L. 28. After " to," insert "be;"

Press 1 >. L. 21. After "or," insert." her:"

Press 17. L. 31. After "in," insert "any, Sum exceeding

L. 32. Leave <iut"the," and, iqstead thereof, insert "a;" ami, it) the laine I^ine, leave out "of," and insert " exceeding :*

L. 33. Leave out " or more Press 24. L. 26. After " Bankrupts," insert 11 or shall u not obtain such Certificate and Discharge before such " time as he shall be brought before the Justices of Peace, " at their General or Quarter Sessions, in order to be " discharged in pursuance of this Act

The said^ Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question leverully put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Ilay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lordships.

10 R The

Cary*»

Eftatt,

Horton*! Ei'tate.

Insolvent

Debtors

896 23° — *4° Maii. A. 1737.

The Order of the Day being read;

Supply Bill; The House reloived itself into a Committee of the

whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duties y payable ad valorem upon foreign Oysters imported into

this Kingdom; and for laying another Duty thereon, in lieu thereof

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair*

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 2 40 die Maii;

Anno io* Georgii Ildl Regis, 1737.

Prayers.

Imprisoning A PETITION of the Magistrates and Town Alexander £\. Council of the City of Edinburgh, in Name of Wilson, &c. themselves, and Community of the lame, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, that, should the Bill, now depending in this House, intituled, an Act to disable Alexander JVilfon Esquire from taking, holding, or enjoying, any Office or Place of Magistracy, in the City of Edinburgh, or elle-where in Great Britain, and for imprisoning the said Alexander JVilfon; and for abolishing the Guard kept up in the said City, commonly called the Town Guard; and for taking away the Gates of the A'ether Bow Port of the said City, and keeping open the fame; pass into a Law, it would greatly affect, and tend to destroy, the Rights, Franchises, Privileges, and Liberties of the said City of Edinburgh: And therefore praying, That the Premises may be taken into Consideration; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, againstluch Parts of the said Bill as affect the said City.

Ordered, That the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, at the Second Reading of the said Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That Captain Lind do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. James Allen do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Graham’s Sir Miles Stdpylton reported from the Committee to Estate. whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor of Kippax, in the County of York, Part of the settled Estate of Sir Reginald Graham Baronet; and for settling his Estates at Norton and Nun-wick, in the same County, being of greater Value, to the same Uses; and for making a Partition of the Manor of Whitwell between him and his Brother Richard Graham Esquire; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered*the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Princes of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, Wales’ That he had a Message from his Majesty to this House,

Revenue. signess by his Majesty: And lie presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker, all the Mem* hers being uncovered; and is as followed!; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty hath been pleased to direct, That I-etters Patents be prepared for granting Fifty thousand Pounds per Annum to the Princess of Wales, for her Jointure,

in case Ihe shall furyive the Prince; but, it not being in his Majesty's Power to extend this Provision to the Princess beyond his own Life, his Majesty hopes that you will think it reasonable to enable him to make this Provision for the Princess certain and secure to her, during the Term of her own Life.

Ordered, Ntmine contradicente, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better enabling his Majesty to make the Provision intended for her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales a sure and certain Jointure, for the Term of her Life: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Dodington, Sir George Oxenden, the Lord Sundon, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Scrope, Sir John RuJhout, the Lord Baltimore, Mr. Hedges, Mr. Edward JValpole, and Sir Charles Turner, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Pelham presented to the House, according to Or- haws r&-der, a Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, inti- i^udei. tuled, An Act for reducing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, into One Act of Parliament; and for the more effectual punishing such Rogues, Vagabonds, sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, and fending them whither they ought to be sent; as relates to the common Players of Interludes: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Lighthoun and Mr. John Bennet:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Improving for the better regulating the Nightly Watch, and Beadles, b°ndon within the City of London, and Liberties thereof; and for lreets' making more effectual the Laws now in being for paving and cleaning the Streets and Sewers in and about the said City, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from Supply Bill* the Committee of the whole House to w hom the Bill for Duty011 repealing the Duties payable ad valorem upon foreign Oysters imported into this Kingdom; and for laying another Duty thereon, in lieu thereof; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time* one by one; and, upon the Queston severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Iloule.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in* grossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into further Consideration Norton1! the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, tftdte-An Act to prevent the Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for Limitation of Actions, and for avoiding Suits in Law, being pleaded, insisted on, or taken Advantage of, by any Persons claiming under the last Will of Richard Norton Esquire, of Southwick, decealbd, against any Claim*

Tide, or Demand, which Thomas Norton Esquire hath to or upon the Manor of Old Alresford, and Lands, in the County of Southampton, settled by Indenture of the Fifth of March One thousand Six hundred and Fifty-seven, or the Rents and Profits thereof;

And the said Amendment being read a Second time,

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the same Amendment, by adding, at the End thereof, thele Words;

" and that so much of the personal Estate of the said " Richard Norton, as shall be recovered by the said Thomas Norton, shall not be paid to the said Thomas

" Norton, j

BtraUv’a

N«u

io Geo. II.

240 — 250 Mail.

_8<£i

" Xortoti, by the said Administrators of the said Richard

" Wort,a. until the Right of the next of Kin of the said IUm 41 chard Norton to the said personal Estate shall be finally u adjudged and determined

And the Quction being put, That these Words be there added;

It pafl'cd in the Negative.

'I hen the said Amendment, made by the Lords, being an intruded Proviso, was read the Third time; and, upon the Q;k ftion put thcrcujjou, agreed to by the House.

Ordered^ '1 hat Mr. Hume Campbell do c arry the Bill to the I-ords, and acquaint them, That this Iloule hath agreed to the Amendment, made by their Lordships.

And then the Iloule adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 250 die Matt;

Anno 10° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1737.

Prate as.

THE House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Bartholomrx Karatty: And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 1. L 7. After Grifonsinfert Bartholomew " Gallatin, Son of Ezikil Gallatin, by Elizabeth his

44 Wife, born at Geneva; French Perier.....by

44 Susannah ins Wife, born at Pailanrent, in Langucdock; 44 and Janies Staler, Son of Mark Soiler, by Elizabeth his Wife, horn at St. Felix de Sorgue, in the Diocese of Fab re, in Rot rgue"

L. 9. Leave out his," and insert 14 their:" L. 17. Leave out 44 he," and insert they and, in the same Line, alter Baratty" inlert " Bart holomezv Gallatin, Francis Perier, and James Solier L. 1S. Leave out 44 is," and inlert are:"

L. 20. Leave out " a;" and, in the same Line, leave out Subject," and inlcrt Subjects

L. 21. Leave out " he is," and inlert they

44 are

L. 25. Leave out " a and, in the same Line, leave out " Subject," and inlert, " Subjects:"

L. 28. Leave out 44 he, ’ and insert they :"

L. 20. After Baratty " inlcrt Bartholomew Gelatin, Francis Perier, and James Solier and, in the same Line, leave out 44 is," and inlert44 are:"

L. 30- 1-cave out 44 hi>," and inlert their:" L. 40. Leave out Ileir," and inlert44 Heirs and, in the same Line, leave out his," and insert their:"

Prels 2. L. 2. Leave out him," and inlcrt," them L. 4. Leave out 44 he," and insert they L. 10. Leave out44 he," and insert they:"

L. 15. Leave 44 he," and inlert they;" and, in the same Line, after Barattyinfert44 Bartho- lomezv Gallatin, Francis Perier, and James Solier:"

I,. 17. Leave out44 a

L. 18. Leave out Subject," and insert

44 Subjects:"

L. 24. Leave out 44 he," and insert44 they :"

L. 25. After44 Baratty" insert44 Bartholomew Gallatin, Francis Perier, and James Solier, or either of them:"

L. 26. After Member," insert or Members ‘

L. 30. Leave out himself," and insert themselves:"

L. 31. Leave out him," and insert them,

44 or either of them :"

At the End of the Title, add Bartholomew Gallatin,

44 Francis Perier, and James Solier

Vol. 22.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Perry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath - 7

agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cary’s for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of George Cary ElUtt. Esquire, lying in the County of Devon, for discharging several Debts and Incumbrances of his late Father and Grandfather; and for settling an Estate, in the County of Middhfe.r, to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Hacks do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House bath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing the Duties payable ad Supply Bill valorem upon foreign Oysters imported into this King- 0,1

dom; and for laying another Duty thereon, in lieu there- cr*‘ of; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing the Duties payable ad valorem uj>on foreign Oysters imported into this Kingdom, and for laying another Duty thereon.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Graham's for Sale of the Manor of Kippax, in the County of York,

Part of the settled Estate ot Sir Reginald Graham Baronet; and for settling his Estates at Norton and Numcick, in the same County, being of greater Value, to the same I fes; and for making a Partition of the Manor of JFhit* well between him and his Brother Richard Graham Esquire; was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill:

Prese 13. L 38. To leave out the Second Word 44 Sur- vivors," and inlcrt44 Survivor:"

And the same was, upon die Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Afiles Stapylton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath . T agreed to the fame, with an Amendment; To which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Princefc House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling his Ma- of Wales’ jesty to settle a Revenue for supporting the Dignity of her Royal Highness the Princess, in case flie shall survive his Royal Iligliness the Prince of Wales: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Laws re-Reading of the Bill to explain and amend so touch of an specting Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for reducing the Laws relating to n er u e8‘ Rogues, Vagabonds, sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, into One Act of Parliament; and for the more effectual punching I’uch Rogues, Vagabonds, sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, and fending them whither they ought to be sent; as relates to the common Players of Interludes; be now read:

And the said Order beiner read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second time.

ResolvedThat the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill

The

8$2

250 — 26* — 27 p Mail. — 1 737.

Imprisoning Alexander WiiEoa Scc.

The other Order of the Day being read;

A'Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to disable Alexander Wilson Esquire from taking, holding, br enjoying, any Office, or Place of Magistracy, in the City of Edinburgh, or elsewhere in Great Britain; and for imprisoning the said Alexander Wilson; and for abp-lirtiing the Guard kept up in the said City, commonly called the Town Guard; and for taking away the Gates of the Nether Bow Port of the said City, and keening open the fame; be read a Second time upon thid. Day Sevennight;

The 'House divided.

The Yeas weilt forth.

Idler, for tha Y.

‘So it was refblvedin the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend this House upon this Day, do attend this House bpon this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, isfine of the Clock.

146.

99-

Priacefs of Wales* -Revenue.

Laws re-

feeding Player*’ of laterfades*

Jovis, 26° dieMaii.; Anno 10* Georgii>ril,i Regis, 1*737.

P^Jt ATERS/

A$ILL for enablinghis Majesty to settle a Revenue for Tup porting the ‘Dignity of her Royal Highness the Priucefs, in case lhe shall survive his Royal Highness the Prince of//L/Te*, was read a Second time.

Jdefaired, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the wholp House.

‘Itefolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said1 Bil 1.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend so " niuch of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for reducing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, into.One Act of Parliament; and for the more ‘ effectual punching such Rogues, Vagabonds, sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, and lending them whither they ought to befent; as relates to the common Players of Interludes.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pelham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pelham reported from the Committee, That they bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrdw Morning.

And 'then die House adjourned' till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, z^die;

Anritf JO° Georgii TL'*1 Regis, 1737. Prayers.

Priucefs of rpH E Order°of the Day being >read,! for the-House Rev^jiue *" to ref°lve itself into a Committee of the wh®le House, upon the Bill for enabling his Majesty to settle a

Revenue for supporting the dignity of her Royal Highness 22

the Princess, in case flie shall survive his Royal ITighness the Prince of Wales;

Ordered, That it be an InstruHion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a 01 uife, that such yearly Sum or Sums of Money as his Majesty hath granted, or shall grant, to his Royal lligbness the Prince of Wales, be paid clear of all Taxes, and other Charges whatsoever.

Ordered, That it ‘be an InstruHion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to enable his Royal Highness to make Lealcs of Lunds,

Parcel of his Royal Highness’s Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the lame.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair.of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bril, -and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being Fead;

Mr. Pelham reported from the Coimuittceof the whole Laws re-House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend To much of an Act, made in the ‘Twelfth Year *of -the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for reducing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, into One Act of Parliament; and for the more eftoHiml punching (hell Rogues, Vagabonds, sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, and fending them w ltitlter they ought to be lent; as relates to the common Players of Interludes; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made'to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report? in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the ClerLs Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of Ahem was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the House, of the Ninth Day of this instant May, for hearing, at the Bar of this House, upon Monday the Sixth Day of June next, the Matter of the Petition of the Lcveral Freemen rcfulent in the Borough of Leicester, and Inhabitants of the said Borough paying Scotland Lot there, Wlmfe Names are thereunder written, on behalf of themselves, and many Hundreds of theiLaid Freemen*and Inhabitants, complaining of an undue: Election and Return for the Laid Borough, be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon Monday the Twenty- seventh; Day of June next.

'And then: the House adjourned till Wednesday 'Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy i° die Junii;

Anno ib* Georgii 11Ji Regis, 1737-Pray Efts.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new 'Writ for electing a Burgeft to serve* in this preibnt Parliament for the Town, and County of the Town, of Southampton, in the room of John Conduitt Esquire, deceased.

Sir

Leicester

Election.

Sumlnrrfll

Writ.

J

Piincci# of Walfi’ Re*

venuf.

L*w§ rc-

speding

player* of Intel UtU*.

Imprisoning AJe*. Wilton, &c.

Ditto.

jo Geo. II. i° — 2° Junii. 893

Sir Charle* Turner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Dill for cnubling his Majesty to settle a Revenue for supporting the Dignity of her Royal Highness the Princcls, in case the shall survive his Royal Highness the Prince of H ales, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Dill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Hill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Onla\dt Tout the Hill, with the Amendments, be in-grulfed.

An ingossed Hill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for reducing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, into One Act of Parliament; and for the more effectual turn idling such Rogues, Vagabonds* sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, and lending them w hither they ought to be lent; us relates to common Players of Interludes; was read the third time.

J{t tidied, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend lb much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for reducing the Laws relating to Rogues. Vagabonds, sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, into One Act of 1’urliament; and for the more ctfectual pu-liishing Inch Rogues, Vagabonds, sturdy Beggar*, and Vagrants, and lending them w hither they ought to be sent; as relates to common Players of Interludes.

Ordered, That Air. Pelham do carry the Hill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the ingossed Hill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to diihble Alexander Wilson Esquire from taking, bolding, or enjoying, any Office, or Place of Magistracy, in the City of Edinburgh, or elsewhere in Great Britain; and for imprisoning the said Alexander Wilson; and for abolishing the Guard kept up in the said City, commonly called the Town Guard; and for taking away the Gates of the Atether Bow Port of the said City, and keeping ojjcn the same; be now* read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Counsel lor ami against the said Hill were called in.

And the said Hiil was read a Second time.

And the Counsel for the Hill opened their Evidence.

And the Verdict against Captain John Portccus; the Sentence of the Lords of Justiciary in Scotland against him; the Reprieve of the said Captain Porteous, granted by her Majesty, as Guardian of the Realm; and the Warrant made thereupon, for the Respite of his Execution; contained in an aulhentick Extract of the Proceedings in his Tryal, delivered to this House by the Lords, at a Conference, upon the Eighteenth Day of May last; were severally read.

Then the Counsel for the Bill examined several Witnesses.

And then the Counsel for and against the Hill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further hearing of Counsel for and against the said Hiil be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jcvis,2°;

Anno 10' Georgii 11" Regis, 1737.

P II A Y E It S.

RDERED, That the several Persons who were or- tiered to attend this House Yesterday, do attend this House immediately.

V o l. c22.

An ingossed Bill for enabling his Majesty to settle a Princessof Revenue for supporting the Dignity of her Royal High- Wales> Reliefs the Princess, in case she shall survive his Royal High- venuc* ness the Prince of If'a'cs, was read the Third time.

Refitted, Nemine contradicente. That die Bill do pass:

And that the Title be. An Act for enabling his Majesty 10 settle a Revenue for supporting the Dignity of her Ro ya Ilighncls the Princess, in case flie shall survive his Royal Highness the Prince of 1 Vales; and for exempting such yearly Sum or Sums of Money as his Majesty hath granted, or shall grant, to his said Royal Highnets, from the Payment of Dees, Tuxes, and other Charges whatsoever; and for enabling his said Royal Highness to make Leases of Lands, Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, or anuexed to the fame.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thurston and Air. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by Grahim’s this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate. Manor of Kippax, in the County of York, Part of the settled Estate of Sir Reginald Graham, Baronet; and for settling his Estates at Norton and Nunwick, in the same County, lieing of greater Value, to the same Uses; and for making a Partition of the Manor of Whitwell between him and his brother Richard Graham Esquire.

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for regaling the present Duty on Sweets, and for granting Duty on a left Duty thereupon; and for explaining and enforcing Sweets* &c% the Execution of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty s Reign* intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of Spirituous Liquors, and for licensing the Retailers thereof; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Hills, Lottery Tickets, and Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; w ithout any Amendment And allb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for laying a Duty upon Apples imported from foreign Duty on Ap-Parts; and for continuing an Act, passed in the Fourth |^cs imPort-Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder; and for taking oflf the Drawback upon Exportation of foreign Paper; and for the better securing the Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of British made Sail-cloth; and for giving further Time for the Puynicnt of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contrafts of Clerks and Apprentices; without any Amendment. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act St. Andrew for the better regulating the Nightly Watch, and Beadles, Holborn within the Liberty of Saffron-hill, Hat ton-garden, and wftch^&c Ely-rents, in the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn, in the 1 County of Middlesex, without any Amendment. And allb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating the Company of Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, rowing on the River Thames, between Grave)end, in the County of Kent, and Windsor, in the County of Berks, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the MessengCrs withdrew.

Regulating

Watermen,

See.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the farther Hearing of Coun- Imprisoning fel for and against the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, in- ^nex^.cWll~ tituled, An Act to disable Alexander Wilson Esquire from on* c* taking, holding, or enjoying, any Office, or Place of Magi ft racy, in the City of Edinburgh, or el few* here in Great Britain; and for imprisoning the said Alexander Wilson; and for abolishing the Guard kept up in the said City, commonly called the Town Guard; and for taking 10 S away

o

Dr. Denne to preach on 1 uh June.

Misapplication of County Rates.

Murder of Capt. Por-

,tCOUG.

2

3° — 6° Junii.

A. 1737-

away the Gates of the Nether Boxv Port of the said City, and keeping open the fame.

And the Counsel for and against the said Bill were called

in.

And the Counsel for the Dili examined several other Witnesses.

And Major General Moyle, one of the said Witnesses, having, in his Evidence, referred to a Letter received by him from the said Alexander Wilson; the said Letter, which was delivered to this House, by the Lords, at a Conference, upon the 18th Day of May last, was read, dated Edinburgh, the 13th of April 1736.

And the Counsel for the Bill summed up their Evidence.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill being directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend this House this Day, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 30 die Junit;

Anno 10° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1737.

Prayers.

r\ RDERED, That the Reverend Dr. Dome, Arch- deacon of Rochester, be desired to preach before this House at St. Margaret’s, West mi after, upon Saturday the 1 ith Day of this instant June, being the Anniversary of his Majesty’s happy Accession to the Throne: And that Mr. Secretary at War, Admiral Haddock, and Mr. Hales, do acquaint him therewith.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and great Numbers of the Inhabitants, of the several Parities of St. Giles in the Fields, the Liberty of Saffron-hill, Hatton Garden, and Ely Rents, in the Parish of St. Andrew, Holborn, St. Dunstan Stepney, St. Paul Shadwell, St. Anne, in Middlesex, St. Sepulchre's in Middlesex, St. Luke Middlesex, and St. James Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Parishes of the said County; and also the Petition of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, in their General Sessions ail cm bled; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table, together with an Appendix thereunto: Where the said Report was read:

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon (Vedmfday Morning next.

The said Report, and the Appendix thereunto, being printed by Order of the House, a printed Copy thereof is bound up, and preserved, with the other Books belonging to the house.

And the original Report is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report and Appendix be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

laid Offenders: To which the Lords dciire the Concurrence of this House. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Perfotvsgo-for continuing an Act for the more effectual punishing "

wicked and evil-disposed Persons going armed in Dif- c

guile, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects; and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; and for continuing Two Clauses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or any Sea Bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of Hop-binds, contained in an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of his, present Majesty s Reign; and for the more effectual Punishment of Persons removing any Materials used for leaning Marsh or Sen Walls or Banks; and of Persons maliciously setting on fire any Mine, Pit, or Delph, of Coal or Cannel Coal; and of Persons unlawfully hunting or taking any Red or Fallow Deer in Forests or Chaces; or beating or wounding Keepers, or other Officers, in Forests, Chaces, or Parks; and for the more effectually securing the Breed of Wild Fowl; with feme Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Murder of for the more effectual bringing to Justice any Persons con- CaPl-i>or* cerned in the barbarous Murder of Captain John Port ecus, and punching such as shall knowingly conceal any of the said Offenders, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. James Colquhoun do- attend this House immediately.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander Blackwood do attend this House immediately.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of Coun- Imprisontng fel upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled An ^nex&^' Act to disable Alexander JVilfon Esquire from taking, holding, or enjoying, any Office, or Place of Magiltracy, in the City of Edinburgh, or elsewhere in Great Britain; and for imprisoning the said Alexander JVilfon; and for abolishing the Guard kept up in the said City, commonly called the Town Guard; and for taking away the Gates of the Nether Bow Port of the said City, and keeping open the fame.

And the Counsel for and against the said Bill were' called in.

And the Counsel against that Part of the Bill, which affects the said Alexander JVilfon, were heard; and opened their Evidence.

And then the Counsel for and against the said Bill were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel-upontlie said Bid be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend this House this Day, do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 6° Junii;

Anno 10° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1737.

A Meffcige from the Lords, by Mr. Thurston and Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual bringing to Justice any Persons concerned in the barbarous Murder of Captain John Porteous, and punishing such as shall knowingly conceal any of the

Prayers.

Til E House proceeded to take into Consideration Kegululn® the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, Wateraen, intituled, An Act for regulating the Company et Water- k men, Wherrvrnen, and Lightermen, rawing on the River Thames, between Grave fend, in the County of Kent, and Windfor, in the County of Berks:

And

io Geo. II. 6° —

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Prels 3. L. 4. Leave out " Sixteen/' and, instead thereof, insert " Fourteen :*’

L 5. Leave out Eighteen/* and insert Twenty:*

Press 4, L. 2. Ijeave out from " Pounds/* to ‘‘ Provided/* in the l lth Line of the same Prefe:

Prefe 9. L. 19. I.eave out Officer or '

L. 27. Leave out "there:*

L. 28. After Hell/* insert44 at each of the said Places respectively f

L. 30. Leave out the find/’ and, instead thereof, insert " Inch ;* and, in the same Line, leave out or Hells/* and, instead thereof, insert, 44 at each of the said Places:*

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the IIoulc.

Ordered, That Sir George Cafical do carry the Dill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lordships.

jo- The Iloufe proceeded to take into Consideration the *n Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for continuing an Act for the more effectual punching wicked and evil-disposed Persons going armed in Dilguife, and doing Injuries and Violences to tiic Persons and ProjK'rtics of his Majesty's Subjects; and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Jufrice; and for continuing Two Cluules to prevent the cutting or breaking clown the Dank of any River, or any Sea Dank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of Ho|>-binds, contained in an Act passed in the Sixth Year of his present Majestys Reign; and for the more effectual Punishment of Persons removing any Materials uled for securing Marsh or Sea Walls or Banks; and of Persons nmli-ciously letting on lire any Mine, Pit, or I)elph, of Coal or C'annei (*oal; and of Persons unlawfully hunting or taking any Red or Fallow Deer in Forests or Chaco; or heating or wounding Keepers, or other Officers, in Forclts, Chaees or Parks; and for more effectual lccur-ing the Breed of Wild Fowl:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Prels 6. L. 1S. After convicted/’ insert upon Indictment or Information :*

L. 28. After Clergy/* add Clause marked A; which is as follows; viz.

A. 44 And. to the Intent that such Conviction maybe ,4 with as little Trouble and Expence as possible, Be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That such 44 O Tender or Obenders ilmll and may be tried for every such Second Offence, as aforesaid, before the Justices of Assize, Oyer and Terminer, or Gaol Delivery, of and for that County, City, or Place, where l'uch Se- cond Offence shall be io done and committed; and that the Justico or Justices of the Peace, before whom 44 l'uch Offender or Offenders was or were convicted of inch First and former Offence, Audi certify a true Copy of such Conviction, under his or their Hands and Seals, to the Quarter Sessions of the County wherein such First Offence was committed, to beheld next after l'uch Conviction had, there to be kept amongst the Records of such Quarter Sessions; and the Clerk of tire Peace of such County shall, at the Request of the Profecu- for, or any other in his Majestys behalf, certify a 44 Transcript, under his Hand and Seal, briefly, and in few Words, containing the Eftbft and Tenor of the First and former Conviction of such Offender or Of- fenders; which Certificate, being produced in Court,

44 shall be a sufficient Proof that fuel) Offender or Offen- tiers hath or have been before convicted of and for such First and former Ofi’ence

Prels 8. L.,) 3. Leave out from directed " to the End of the Bill.

The First Amendment being read a Second time, was, Vol. 2*

70 Junii. 89 5

upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Amendment, being an ingossed Clause, was read a Second and Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The last Amendment, being read a Second time, w as, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the 1 Ionic*.

Ordered, That Mr. Compton do cany the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lordships.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Murderoi t for the more elseftunl bringing to Jufrice any Persons Por? concerned in the barbarous Murder of Captain John Por-tecus, and punishing such as shall knowingly conceal any of the said Offenders, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refotved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refotved\ That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of Coun- Imprisoning fel upon the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Alex. Wil-Act to difuble Alexander JVilfon Esquire from taking, on* c* holding, or enjoying, any Office, or Place of Magistracy, in the City of Edinburgh, or elsewhere in Great Britain; and for imprisoning the said Alexander JVilfon; and for abolishing the Guard kept up in the said City, commonly called the Town Guard; and for taking aw’av the Gates of the Nether Bow Port of the said City, and keeping open the lame.

And the Counsel for and against the said Bill were called in.

And the Counsel against that Part of the Bill, which a fleets the said Alexander IVilJbn, examined several Wit-ndfes.

And then the Counsel for and against the said Bill wert directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend this House this Day, do attend this House To* morrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 70 die Junii;

Anno 10° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1737.

Prayers.

MR. Ilay reported from the Committee to whom Poor Relic!

the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of &c* the Poor, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in atth*

Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the said Amendments, be printed, as shall be futlicient for the iTl'e of the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of Coun- Imprisoning fel upon the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Alex. Wil-Act to ditable Alexander JVilfon Esquire from taking, hold- &c’ ing, or enjoying, any Office, or Place of Magistracy, in the City of Edinburgh, or elsewhere in Great Britain; and for imprisoning the said Alexander JVilfon; and for abolishing the Guard kept up in the said City, commonly called the Town Guard; and for taking away the Gates of the

b " Nether

Princess of Wales’ Revenue.

Imprisoning Alex. Wilson, &c.

Laws respect-i«g Players of Interludes.

Supply Bill Duty on Oyster*.

7* — 8° Jumi. A. 1737.

Nether Bow Port of the said City, and keeping open the lame.

And the Counsel for and against the said Bill were called in.

And the Counsel against that Part of the Bill, which affe6fcs the said Alexander Wilson 9 examined several other Witnesses.

And then the Counsel for and against the said Bill were directed to withdraw*.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Denton and Mr. Baron Fortefcuc:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to settle a Revenue for supporting the Dignity of her Royal Highness the Prineefs, in cale lhe shall survive his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales; and for exempting such yearly Sum or Sums of Money as his Majesty hath granted, or shall grant, to his said Royal Highness, from the Payment of Fees, Taxes, and other Charges whatsoever; and for enabling his said Royal Highness to make Leases of Lands, Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwallor annexed to the fame; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the Counsel for and against the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to disable Alexander Wilson Esquire from taking, holding, or enjoying, any Office, or Place of Magiltracy, in the City of Edinburgh, or elsewhere in Great Britain; and for imprisoning the said Alexander Wilson; and for aholishing the Guard kept up in the said City, commonly called the Town Guard; and for taking away the Gates of the Nether Bow Port of the said City, and keeping open the lame; were again called in:

And the Counsel against that Part of the Bill which affects the said Alexander Wilson, examined several other Witnesses; and lummed up their Evidence.

Then the Couniel against that Part of the Bill which affects the City of Edinburghwere heard; and opened their Evidence.

And then the Counsel for and against the said Bill were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said ..... be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend this House this Day, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 8° die "Junii;

Anno io* Georgii IIdI Regis, 1737. Prayers.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and

Mr. Allan Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend lb much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for reducing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, into One Act of Parliament; and for the more effectual punishing such Rogues, Vagabonds, sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, and fending them whither they ought to be sent; as relates to common Players of Interludes; without any Amendment. And also,

; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties payable ad valorem upon foreign Oysters imported into this Kingdom, and for laying another Duty thereon, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew*.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the further impr^og Hearing of Couniel upon the ingrossed Bill from the A!e>.W:-Lords, intituled, An Act to disable Alexander Wifon son> Esquire from taking, holding, or enjoying, any Office, or Place of Magiltracy, in the City of Edinburgh, or else-w here in Great Britain; and for imprisoning the said Alexander Wilson Esquire; and for abolishing the Guard kept up in the said City, commonly called the Town Guard; and for taking away the Gates of the Nether Bow Port of the said City, and keeping open the same; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Counsel for and against the said Bill were called

in.

And the Counsel against that Part of the Bill, which affects the City oi'Edinburgh, produced a Charter, granted by King James the Sixth of Scotland, to the said City, dated the Fifth Day of March 1603, and in the 36th Year of his Reign; which Charter, as they alledged, and as the Counsel for the Bill admitted, reciting the Merits of the said City, and confirming former Grants, contains a Grant of the Burgh of Edinburgh, with the Walls and Gates thereof.

And an Act, of the Parliament of Scotland\ made 1457, intituled, The Punition of negligent Officiares, was read:

And an Act, of the Parliament of Scotland, made 1563, intituled, Anent the Stancheing of Tumultes within Burrowes, was also read:

And an Act, of the Parliament of Scotland' made 1593, intituled, Anent Tumultes within the Burgh of Edinburgh, and Obedience to be given to the Magistrates thereof, was also read:

And a Copy of a private Act, of the Parliament of Scotland, made 1690, for continuing a Company of trained and experienced Soldiers within the Town of Edinburgh, was produced, and read:

And the Twenty-first Article of the Union of the Two Kingdoms of England and Scotland, was also read:

And the Twentieth Article of the said Union was thereupon read, at the Request of the Counsel for the said Bill:

And the Preamble of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Firfr, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duty of Two Pe-nies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer that shall be vended or loid within the City of Edinburgh, and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City; and for discontinuing the Payment of the Dues, commonly called the Petty Port Customs, at Edinbu?'gky during the Continuance of this Act; w as read:

Then the Counsel against that Part of the said Bill which affects the said City, having examined several Witnesses, were further, heard; and fumined up their Evidence.

And the Counsel for the said Bill were heard by way of Reply.

And the Counsel for and against the said Bill were directed to withdraw.

Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And a Motion being made, that the Bill be committed;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Motion be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to Misappli-whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of £Juon the Poor, and great Numbers of the Inhabitants, of the Ra"eRs y several Parillies of St. Giles in the Fields, the Liberty of Saffron-hill, Hat ton-gar den, and Ely-rents, in the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn, St. Dunstan Stepney, St. Paul Shadwell, St. Anne in Middlesex, St. Sepulchres in Middle sex, St. Luke JMiddlesex, and St, James Clerkemcell, in the County of Middlejix, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the o Psmihcs

iiGeo. II. 8° — 9° — 10° — *3 8y,

Parishes of the said County; and also the Petition of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of

Middlesex, in their General Sessions assembled ;..

be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jcvisy 90 die Junii J

Anno to* Georgii II41 Regis, 1737.

pRAYHns.

A^c«nd"r R Order of the Day being read;

w-nJc. A 'I lie I louse resumed the adjourned Consideration of the Motion made Yofterday, for the Commitment of the ingrafted Dill from the lx>rds, intituled, An Act to disable Alexander Wilson Esquire, from taking, holding, or enjoying, any Office, or Place of Magistracy, in the City of Edinburgh, or el few here in Great Britain; and for imprisouing the said Alexander IVII-Jin; ami for abolilliing the Guard kept up in the said City, commonly called the Town Guard; and for taking away the Gates of the Nether Bozo Port of the said City, and keeping open the fame.

And the Question being put, That the Dill be committed;

The I louse divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,* ,24‘

Tellers for the Noe, "8*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

llefolved, That the Bill !>e committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 1 louse, upon the said Dill.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisio° die

Anno io* Georgii II*1 Regis, 1737.

Praters.

Miftppli- Ti M ]{. Sandy* presented to the House Two several nmoo of Accounts referred to in the Appendix to the

jUxmJ Report from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and great Numbers of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields, the Liberty of Saffron hill, Hat-ton-garden, and lily-rents, in the Parish of St. Andrczo Holborn, St. Dunstan Stepney, St. Paul Shadwell, St. Anne in Middlesex, Saint Sepulchre's in Middlesex, Saint Luke's Middlesex, and St. James Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Parishes of the said County; and also the Petition of Ins Majestys Justices of the Pence for the County of Middlesex, in their General Sessior.s a Hem bled; were referred; which Accounts were laid before the said Committee.

The said Two Accounts are bound up with the original Report

Murder of The Order of the Day being read, for the House Poruous *° re^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingross'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more effectual bringing to Justice any Persons concerned in the barbarous Murder of Captain John For Icons, and pun ithing such as shall knowingly conceal any of the said Offenders;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuefiay Morn-Vox.. SSL

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into further Considera- Mijappli-tion the Report from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, iutt«.y and great numbers of the Inhabitants, of the several Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields, the Liberty of Saffron-hill, Haltcm-garden and Ely-rents, in the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn, St. Dunstan Stepney, St. Paul Shadwell, St. Anne in Middlesex, St. Scpidchre's in Middlesex, St. Luke's Middlesex, and St. James Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Parishes of the said County; and also the Petition of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, in their General Sessions assembled; were referred.

And several Parts of the said Report, relating to Thomas Robe Esquire, were read:

Resolved, Nemine contradicenle, That the Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and great Numbers of the Inhabitants, of the several Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields, the Liberty of Saffron-hill, Hat-ton-garden, and Ely-rents, in the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn, St. Dunstan Stepney, St. Paul Shadwell, St.

Anne in Middlesex, Si. Sepulchre's in Middlesex, St.

Iaikt's Middlesex, and St. James Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, presented to the House upon the Tenth Day of March last, is frivolous, vexatious, scandalm's and malicious.

Resolved, Nemine contradicenle, That it appears to this House, That Thomas Robe Esquire, one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, hath been the Contriver, Promoter, and Prosecutor of the said Petition.

Resolved, Nemine contradicenle, That the said Thomas Robe be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

And several Parts of the said Report, relating to Mr. Stephen Lebas, were read:

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That Stephen Lxbas hath been an Encourager, Promoter, and Prosecutor of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Stephen Lebas be, for his said Offence, taken into the Culiody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said Report, together with the Appendix thereunto, and the Proceedings of the House thereupon, be printed: And that Mr. Speaker do appoint the Printing thereof: And that no Person but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lumey 130 die Junii;

Anno u* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1737.

Prayers.

0RDERED, That the Thanks of this House be Dr. Denne given to the Reverend Dr. Denne, for the Serrpon thanked, by him preached before this House upon Saturday \a&, at St. Margaret's, Westminster: And that hebedefired to print the fame: And that Mr. Secretary at War, and Admiral Haddock, do acquaint him therewith.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to imprisoning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Alexander the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to w,lfon, &c. difeble Alexander Wilson Esquire, from taking, holding, or enjoying any Office, or Place of Magistracy, in the City of Edinburgh, or elsewhere in Great Britain \ and for imprisoning the said Alexander Wilson; and for abolishing the Guard kept up in the said City, commonly called the Town Guard; and for taking away the Gates toT of

898

o o o

13 — 14 — 15 Jumt.

A-1737-

of the Nether Bozo Port of the said City, and keeping open the fame;

Ordered, That the Charter granted by King James the Sixth of Scotland, to the City of Edinburgh, dated the Fifth Day of March 1603, and in the 36th Year of his Reign, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the authentick Extract of the Proceedings in the Trya! of Captain John Portcous be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Letter from Alexander Wilson, Provost of Edinburgh, to Major General Moyle, dated Ed'mburgliy 13th April 1736, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a private Act of Parliament of Scotland, made 1690, for continuing a Company of trained and experienced Soldiers within the Town of Edinburgh, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left: the Chair.

Colonel Bladen took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Bladen reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Colonel Mordaunt,

Mr. Henry Fox:

Mr. Cholmondeley,

Tellers for the Noes, Mr. Campbell of Pembrokeshire:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Tellers for the Yeas.

s{

l’117*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 140 die;

Anno ii* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1737.

Murder of

Captain

Porteous.

Prayers.

THE House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more effectual bringing to Justice any Persons concerned in the barbarous Murder of Captain John Por-tcous, and punching such as shall knowingly conceal any of the said Offenders.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Imprisoning Colonel Bladai reported from the Committee of the Alexander whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Wilson, &c. Lords, intituled, An Act to disable Alexander Wilson Esquire from taking, holding, or enjoying, any Office, or Place of Magistracy, in the City of Edinburgh, or elsewhere in Great Britain; and for imprisoning the said Alexander Wilson; and for abolishing the Guard kept up in the said City, commonly called the Town Guard; and for taking away the Gates of the Nether Bow Port of the said City, and keeping open the fame; wascommitted; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, 16

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read:

And the said Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, are as follow;

Press 2. L. 33. Leave out from the Words " naturally u dead,’* to the End of the Bill, and insert Clause (A):

(A): " And be it further Ena6ted, by the Authority " aforesaid, That the Corporation of the said City of " Edinburgh do forfeit the Sum of Two thousand " Pounds Sterling, to be paid out of their common " Good, to his Majesty, by the Magistrates and Town " Council of the said City; which said Sum of Two " thousand Pounds shall be applied to and for the foie u Use and Benefit of the Widow of the said deceased

Captain Porteous "

The First Amendment being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Amendment, being a Clause for imposing a Fine upon the Corporation of the City of Edinburgh, being read a Second time;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

And a Motion being made, and the Questiou being put, That the said Clause be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Preamble of the Bill, by leaving out, after " notwithstanding which," these Words, " Alexander Wilson " Esquire, then and now Provost of the said City, and f* then actually resident in the said City, and fully apprised of the said wicked Design, did not take any " Precautions to prevent the said Murder and Riot, " nor use the proper or necessary Means to suppress " the fame, or to preserve the Peace of the said City; " or, after the Perpetration of the said Fast, to discover, u apprehend, or secure the Authors, Actors, or Abet-€i tors thereof; in manifest Violation of the Trust and " Duty of his Office of Chief Magistrate of the said " City; nor were any ;" and to insert the Word "no'* instead thereof, in order to insert the Word " were’* after the subsequent Words " Means or Endeavours:"

And the Question being put. That these Words Hand Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth*

Tellers for the Yea.si Edm, nf Mr. Br ere ton:

126.

102.

Tellers for the Noes,| ®r Ffs ’I Mr. Lttfar:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time

To-iuprrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 15° die Junii;

Anno ii° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1737. Prayers.

MR. Solicitor General, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more effectual bringing to Justice any Persons concerned in the barbarous Murder of Captain John Porteous, and punishing such as shall knowingly conceal any of the said Offenders, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to' report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the said Amendment was read; and is as follows; viz.

At the Endyof the Bill add Clause A:

A: "And for the more effectual discovering, apprehending, and bringing to Justice, any Person 01

" Persons

Murder 0 Captain Porteous.

ii Geo. II.

15° — 16° — 170 Junii.

899

44 IVrfons concerned in the said Riot, and barbarous Murder, Be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, concerned 14 in the said outrageous Riot and Murder, shall, before the First Day of February next, discover and apprehend, or catife to he apprehended, any other Person or Persons who hath or have been guilty of the said Offences, lb as the Person or Persons so dif- covered shall be convicted of the said Riot and Mur- der; every fuel* Person or Persons, making such Discovery, diall be freed and discharged from all Prosecution had, or to he had, concerning the same: 44 And, as a further Encouragement to such Discover- ing. Apprehending, and Convicting of any of the said Offenders, Be it further Enacted, by the Authorit v aforesaid, That ativ Person or Persons who tliall, 44 before the said Firli Day of February next, discover and apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, any of the Persons concerned in the said Riot and Murder, 44 so as he, she, or they, be convicted thereof, shall have and receive, for every Person so discovered, 44 apprehended, and convicted, the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling, to be paid out of any of his Majesty's Revenues.

44 Provided always, and it is hereby further Enacted, 44 That the Person or Persons making such Discovery, 44 and intithd to such Reward, asaton said, shall not thereby be disabled to be a Witness against the Person or Persons upon whose Conviction or Convictions such Reward shall become due; any Law, LTage, or Determination, to the contrary thereof in anywise notu ithstanding."

Mr. Secretary at War, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty gives his Consent, that the Reward to be given by the said Clause, be paid out of his Majesty *s Revenues.

Then the said Amendment, being read a Second time, and amended, was, upon the Question pur thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Order of the Day being read; fmprifooing An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Alexander f0 difkble Alexander Wilson Esquire from taking, hold->VII£uo, &c* ing^ or enjoying, any Otlice or Place of Magistracy, in the City of Edinburgh, or elsewhere in Great Britain; and for imprdontng the said Alexander Wilson\ and for abolishing ti e Guard kept np in the said City, common-)v called the Town Guard; and for taking away the Gates of the Aether Bow Port of the said City, and keeping open the fame; was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out the Two first Enacting Clauses, being for disabling Alexander Wilson Esquire from taking, holding, or enjoying, any Office, or Place of Mngiftracv, in the City of Edinburgh, or elsewhere in Great Britain, and for choosing a new Pro volt in his room;

And the Question being put. That those Clauses stand Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

T^f.rU.Y} -8.

Tellers for the } ,01-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Colonel Bladen do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with Ibme Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordship9.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Tellers for the Yeas

J Lord Baltimore,

I Mr. Edgcumbe:

}>25-

103-

Tellers for the Noes, j Lord P

I Mr. oanays:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Title of the Bill; viz.

Line 5. To leave out from the Word for" to the first the" in Line 8, and, instead thereof, insert 44 im- posing a Fine upon the Corporation of:"

Line 8. To leave out from the Word City" to the End of the Title of the Bill.

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Vo l.

Jovisy 16# die Junii;

Anno it° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1737.

Prayers.

flRDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Wat- Minehead rant to the Clerk of the Crow n, to make out a new Wnt* Writ for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Minehead, in the County of Smnerfel, in the room of Alexander Lutlerell Esquire, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Murder of for the more effectual bringing to Justice any Persons concerned in the barbarous Murder of Captain John Porteous, and pumilling such as shall knowingly conceal any of the said (>ftenders, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill: Press 2. L. 38. To insert, between the Word 41 read" and the Word 44 in," these Words, "from the Pulpit

And the Question being put, That these Words be inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; Press 3. L. 3. To leave out the Words before the Sermon," and insert the Words "after Di- vine Service," instead thereof:

And the Question being put, That the Words before the Sermon," stand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment; To which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Ch!$er"|*ara the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Rogers Holland Esquire; who, finee his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Justice of the Counties of Merioneth, Carnarvon, and Anglesey, in the Principality of Wales.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisy 1 y° die yunii;

Anno ii° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1737.

Prayers.

r\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- HindonWiiU rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Henry Fox Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Surveyor General of his Majesty’s Works.

Ordered,

900 170 — 20° —

Dorehefter Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Wnt* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, in the room of Sir William Chappie Knight, One of his Majesty’s Serjeants at Law, now One of his Majesty’s j ustices of the Court of King's Bench.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr- Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

Rodon The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Navigation. for ma]^;ng navigable the River Rodon, from a little below Ihe Mill called Barking Mill, in the County of Essex, to Ilford Bridge, in the said County, without any Amendment. And also,

Murder of The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made Forteous. this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual bringing to Justice any Persons concerned in the barbarous Murder of Captain John Portcous, and punishing such as shall knowingly conceal any of the said Offenders.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Mbrning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna?) 20° die yunii\

Anno ii° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1737.

PRA f E R S.

xWetooroogh ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War-Wnt* rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a

new Writ for electing a Burgess to fefve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Knaresborough, in the County of York, in the room of the honourable Richard Arundell Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Master and Worker of his Majesty’s Mint.

Malmertrory Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Wnt* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for eleCbing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Giles Earle Esquire} who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer.

Wilton Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wilton, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the honourable Robert Herbert Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations,

Hythe Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

r,t- the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Hythe, in the County of Kent, in the room of William Glanville Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Port, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Lighlboun and Mr. Thomas Bennet:

Mr. Speaker,

Imprisoning The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made Alexander by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to disable

Willon, Alexander Wilfoti Esquire from taking, holding, or enjoying, any Office, or Place of Magiliracy, in the City of Edinburgh, or elsewhere in Great Britain; and for imprisoning the said Alexander Wilson; and for abo-lifting the 'Guard kept up in the said City, commonly called the Town Guard* and for taking away the

zi0 J unit. . 1737.

Gates of the Nether Bow Port of the said City, and keeping open the fame.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Whitchurch the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wnt‘ electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Lieutenant Colonel John Mordaunt; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Eque-ries to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to North urn-the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for herhndWrit-electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Northumberland, ill the room of Ralph Jenijon Esquire; who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of Master of his Majesty’s Buck Hounds,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis,210 die;

Anno ix° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1737.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- Forres, &c.

rant to th# Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Writ for electing a Burgess to serve in "this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Forres, Inverness, Nairn, and Fortrofs, in the room of Duncan Forbes Esquire; who, since his Election for the said District of Burghs, hath accepted the Office of Lord President of the College of Justice in Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Dumfries the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, electing a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Dumfries, in the room of Charles Arejkine Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of his Majesty’s Advocate for Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Newport the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ., electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newport, in the County of Southampton, in the room of the Right honourable Gujiavus Lord Viscount Boyne, in the Kingdom of Ireland; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Edinburgh the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ lor Writ., electing a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Edinburgh, in the room of Robert Dundas Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of One of the Senators of the College of Justice in Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Fowey the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ-electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Fowey, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of John Hedges Esquire, deceased.

A Message fix m his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, Royal Alien Gentleman-ufter of the Black Rod: to Bill*.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty, in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several public and private Bills following; viz.

An

11 Geo. II.

2i° Juniu

An Act for enabling his Majesty to settle a Revenue or supporting the Dignity of her Royal Highness the Princess, in case flie shall survive his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales; and for exempting such yearly Sum or Sums of Money as his Majesty hath granted* or shall grant, to his said Royal Highness, from the Payment of Fees, Taxes, and other Charges whatsoever; and for enabling his said Royal Highness to make Leases of Lands, Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same:

An Act for repealing the present Duty on Sweets, and for granting a less Duty thereupon; and for explaining and enforcing the Execution of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of Spirituous Liquors, and for licencing the Retailers thereof; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, and Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed:

An Act for laying a Duty upon Apples imported from foreign Parts; and for continuing an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of British-mdAe Gunpowder; and for taking off the Drawback upon Exportation of foreign Paper; and for the better securing the Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of British made Sail-cloth; and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contrafts of Clerks and Apprentices:

An Act for repealing the Duties payable ad Valorem upon foreign Oysters imported into this Kingdom, and for laying another Duty thereon:

An Act for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices, or to take the Oaths required within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for those Purposes:

An Act for Relief of insolvont Debtors:

An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for reducing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, into One Act of Parliament; and for the more effectual punishing such Rogues, Vagabonds, sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, and lending them whither they ought to be sent, as relates to common Players of Interludes:

An Act for the more effectual preventing the unlawful Playing of Interludes within the Precincts of the Two Universities, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and the Places adjacent; and for explaining and amending so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of spirituous Liquors, and for licensing the Retailers thereof, as may affect the Privilege of the said Universities, with respect to licensing Taverns, and all other publick Houses, within the Precincts of the same:

An Act to disable Alexander Wilson Esquire, from taking, holding, or enjoying, any Office or Place of Ma-giftracy, in the City of Edinburgh, or elsewhere in Great Britain, and for imposing a Fine upon the Corporation of the said City:

An Act for the more effectual bringing to Justice any Persons concerned in the barbarous Murder of Captain John Porteous, and punching such as shall knowingly conceal any of the said Offenders:

An Act for continuing an Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doinglnjuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’sSubjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; and for continuing TvvoClauses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River, or Sea Bank, and to prevent the malicious Cutting of Hop-binds, contained in an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign; and for the more effectual Punishment of Persons removingany Materialsufed for securingMarlh or SeaWaJls or Banks; and of Persons maliciously setting Vol. 22.

on Fire any Mine, Pit, or Detph of Coal or Cannel R°yal Coal; and of Persons unlawfully hunting or taking to Bl any Red or Fallow Deer in Forests or Chaces, or beating or wounding Keepers, or other Officers in Forests, Chaces, or Parks; and for the more effectual ly securing the Breed of Wild-fowl:

An Act for collecting, at the Port of leghorn, certain small Sums of Money, to which the Merchants trading the re have usually contributed, for the Relief of ship^wrecked Mariners, Captives, and other distressed Persons, his Majesty *s Subjects, and for ether charitable and public Uses:

An Act for regulating the Company of Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, rowing on the River Thames, between Gravesend> in the County of Kent, and Windsor, in the County of Berks:

An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Nero Palace-yard, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey:

An Act to enable the Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh of Lanark to repair and maintain their Bridge over the River Clyd, at Clydjholm, in the Shire of Lanark:

An Act for making navigable the River Rodony from a little below a Mill, called Barking Mill, in the County of Essex, to Ilford Bridge, in the said County:

An Act for repairing the Road from Hertford-bridge-hill to the Town of Bajingjloke; and also the Road from Hertford-bridge-hill aforesaid to the Town of Odiham, in the County of Southampton:

An Act for inlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the Stones End at Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Shenfieldy and to the furthermost Part of the Parish of Woodford, leading to the Town of Eppingy in the County of Essex; and for repairing the Road leading from the Causeway, in the Parish of Low Layton, through Wanstead, to the End of the Parish of Woodford, next to the Parish of Chig-welly in the said County of Essex:

An Act for inlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Black Bull Inn in Dunflabley in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shajford House9 in the County of Hertford; and for preventing the Driving of Cattle through private Grounds and Passages, to avoid the Payment of the Toll charged upon Cattle, by an Act, of the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from South Mims to St. Albans, in the said County of Hertford:

An Act for explaining, and amending, and making more effectual, several Acts of Parliament, made in the Fourth, Sixth, and Tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, respectively, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Surrey, Kent, and Sujffex; and for inlarging the Terms and Powers by the said Acts granted; and for repairing the Road lying between Nonesuch and Worcester Parks, in the Parish of Cuddmgton, in the said County of Surrey:

An Act to enable the present and future Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Houses in Red Lionfquarey in the County of Middlesex, to make a Rate on themselves, for railing Money fuflRcient to inclose, pave, watch, clean, and adorn the said Square:

An Act for rebuilding the Church of the Parish of St. Glace, in the City of London, and in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey:

An Act for making the Chapel, in the Hamlet of Abthorpe and Foxcoatey in the Parish of Towcefery in the County of Northampton, a Parish Church; and for ap* pointing a District or Parish thereto; and for enabling ,oU the

902 210 Jun. 1737.

lUyal A dent the Mailer of the Free Grammar School, within the said 10 hili*. Hamlet of Ablhorpe and Foxcoate, to be Vicar of the said Parish Church:

An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof; and for making more efLdual the Laws now in being, for paving and cleansing the Streets and Sewers in and about the said City:

An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch, and Beadles, within the Liberty of Saffron-hill, Ilafton-garden, and Ely-rents, in the Pa rill) of Si. Andrew Holborn, in the County of Middlesex:

An Act to prevent the Ad, made in the Twenty-fir!! Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for Limitation of Actions, and for avoiding Suits in Law, being pleaded, infilled on, or taken Advantage of, by any Persons claiming under the last Will o\'Richard Norton Esquire, of Southwick, deceased, again!! any Claim, Title, or Demand, which Thomas Nor Ion Esquire, hath to or upon the Manor of Old Alresford, and Lands, in the County of Southampton, settled by Indenture of the Fifth of March 1657, or the Rents and Profils thereof:

An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Daniellate Earl of Winchilfca and Nottingham, deceased, for Payment of Debts and Incumbrances charged upon and affecting the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for establishing and confirming a Partition of the Estates Sir Robert Furnefe Baronet, deceased, among his Three Daughters and Coheirs; and for settling their several specilick Shares and Allotments to such Uses as their several undivided Thin! Parts thereof flood limited before such Partition; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for In rolling of certain Indentures of Lease and Release, executed by Sir William Dudley, and Dame Elizabeth his Wife; and for making the Exemplifieat ion and attest-d Copies of such Indentures, and also of an Act of Parliament, and certain Articles of Agreement therein referred to, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Ireland:

An Act for Sale of the Manor of Kippax, in the County of York, Part of the settled Estate of Sir Reginald Graham Baronet; and for settling his Estates at Norton and Nunwick, in the same County, being of greater Value, to the same Uses; and for making a Partition of the Manor of Whitwell between him and his Brother Richard Graham Esquire:

An Act to dtablish an Agreement made by the De-vifees of Sir Samuel Ongley Knight, deceased, with Sir Roger Hud fan Knight, for the Sale of Two Me Hu ages on the East Side of B/shopJg ale-gale, in the City of London; and for the Purchase of Two Me Ifn ages on the North Side of Threadneedle-Jl reef, in the said City, with Part of the Money arising from the said Sale; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for confirming an Agreement between the ..Rector of the Parish Church of St. Mary Woolnoth, and of the united Parities of 67. Mary Woolnoth and St. Mary Woolchurch, in the City of London, and the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, of the said City, with the Consent of the Patron and Ordinary, for the Grant of a Parcel of Ground, therein mentioned, lying in Stocks Market, to the said Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, in Consideration of a Rent of Ten Pounds a Year, payable to the said Rector, and his Success’ors for ever:

An Act to enable Peter Legh, of Lyme, Esquire, to revoke o; alter fume of the Uses and Estates limited in a Settlement formerly made by him; and to impowercertain Tenants for Life therein, to make Jointures and Provision for Daughters and younger Sons, in the Lifetime of tile said Peter Legh the elder, and with his Con* sent:

An Act to enable Peter Shakerley and George Shaker-ley, Sons of George Shakerley Esquire, to make suitable Jointures for their Wives, and Provision for their Daughters and younger Sons, out of the Estates of the said 22

George Shakerley the Father, lying in the Counties of Ciiefter and Lane after:

An Act to enable the Guardians of Antony Langley Sunj miner, an Infant, to join in making Leases of certain Mines in the County of Flint, with the other Owners thereof, during the Minority of the said Infant:

An Act to veil the Estates of Frederick Trench Esquire, in the Counties of West Meath and Meath, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to raise Money for the Payment of Debts, and, after discharging the said Debts to the Use of the said Frederick Trench, and his Heirs; and for resettling other Lands, therein mentioned, to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement:

An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of George Cary Esquire, lying in the County of Devon, for discharging several Debts and Incumbrances of his late Father and Grandfather; and for settling an Estate in the County of Middlesex, to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement:

An Act to enable George Set on, of Barnes, to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or Ilia]I hereafter defeend or come to him:

An Act to enable James Rollo, only Son of Robert Rollo, late of Pozchouse, deceased, to Fue, or maintain any Action or Suit, noLwitlilianding his Attainder; and to remove any Disability in him* by reason of his said Attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him:

An Act to enable Jordan Longdate, of Cliff, in the County of York, to sue, or maintain any Action or Suit, notwithstanding his Outlawry; and to remove any Disability in him, by reason of his said Outlawry, to take or inherit any real or personal Estate that may or shall hereafter defeend or come to him, and also such real Estate as he was inti Lied unto, in Re/erfion or Remainder, before his said Outlawry;

An Act for dividing and indosing certain open and common Fields within the Lord ship and Parish of Slal-lingborough, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act to enable Edward Mountfort and his Issue Male, by Mary his now Wife, to take and use the Surname of Grosvenor:

An Act for naturalizing Bartholomew Bar ratty, Bartholomew Gallatin, Francis Perier, and James Solicr.

After which, his Majesty was pleased to make a mol! The King> gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament; as fol- Speech.1 loweth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I am come to put an End to this Session of Parliament, that you may be at liberty to retire into your several Countries, and, in your proper Stations, to promote the Peace and Welfare of the Kingdom.

I return you my Thanks for she particular Proofs you have given me of your Aftcdion and Regard to my Person and Honour; and hope the Wifdorn and Just ire which you have shewn, upon some extraordinary Incidents, will prevent all Thoughts of the like Attempts for the future.

The Conduit of this Parliament has been so uniform in all your Deliberations upon publick Affairs, that it would be as unjust not to acknowledge it, as it is unnecessary to enumerate the several Particulars.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

Your Care, as well in raising the Supplies necessary for the Service of the current Year, as in doing it in the Manner the leal! grievous and burthensome to my People, is a fresh Instance of your equal Concern for the Support of my Government, and for the true Inlereft of your Country.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

You cannot be insensible what just Scandal and Offence the Licentioufnefa of the present Times, under the

Colour

ii Geo. II. 2i° Jumi* — 40Augufti. — 10° 903

Colour and Disguise of Liberty, gives to all honed and soberMen, and how absolutely necessary it is toredraiu this excessive Abuse, by a due and vigorous Execution of the Laws: Defiance of all Authority, Contempt of Magistracy, and even Ilefiftance of the Laws, are become too general, although equally prejudical to the Prerogative of the Crown, and Liberties of the People, the Support of the one being inseparable from the Protection of the other. I have made the Lawsof the I^ind the con-fiant Rule of my Actions; and I do with Ueafon expe£fc, in Return, all that Subiuiflion to my Authority audGo-

vernment, which the same Laws have made the Duty; and shall always be the Interest, of my Subjects.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by his Majesty’s Command, said.

My Lords and Gentlemen*

It is his Mujefiy's Royal Will and Pleasure, Thai this Parliament be prorogued to Thursday the Fourth Day of August next, to be then here held: And this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Thursday the Fourth Day of August next

Parliament

prorogued*

Jovis, 4° die Augujli;

Anno it* Georgii 11" Regis, 1737.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

THE House being met, according to the lad Prorogation;

A MctTage was brought, from the Lords, by Sir William Samicrjbn, Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s

Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing the Parliament until lliurfday the Twentieth Day of October next.

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued till Thursday the Twentieth Day of October next*

Jovis, 20*;

Anno 110 Georgii IId' Regis, 1737.

P.rliamrot HPH F. House being met, according to the last Pro-further X rogation; prorogued. \ Molfiige was brought, from the Lords, by Sir William Saundeifon, Deputy Gentleman I (her of the Black Rod:

Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went tip to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing the Parliament until Thursday the Eighth Day of December next.

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued till Thursday the Eighth Day of December next.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's

Jovisy 8° Decembris;

Anno ii* Georgii IIJi Regis, 1737.

Parliament r I M1E House being met, according to the lad Pro-further X rogation; prologue . Message was brought, from the Lords, l>y Sir Wm,

Sandcrfuu, Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s

Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing the Parliament until Tuesday the 24th Day of January next.

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 24th Day of January next.

[Index removed.]

